works   great   works   great !
i   love   travel   blow   dryers   because   they   are   easy   to   lift   ...   this   dries   my   hair   faster   that   bigger ,   more   powerful   models .   i   love   travel   blow   dryers   because   they   are   easy   to   lift   and   they   usually   come   in   1600   w   or   less .   bigger   dryers   are   heavy   and   blow   my   hair   everywhere .   this   has   a   surprising   amount   of   power   and   is   very   compact .   i   would   give   it   a   five   except   that   the   switch   is   not   easy   to   turn   on   and   off   with   one   hand   and   it   s   noisier   than   i   anticipated .
five   stars   love   this   dryer !
five   stars   styling   hair   in   style
i   think   s   great .   the   cord   length   is   perfect   i   just   got   this   last   week .   i   think   s   great .   the   cord   length   is   perfect .
five   stars   excellent   dryer .
gets   extremely   hot   i   have   burned   my   hand   on   ...   gets   extremely   hot   i   have   burned   my   hand   on   both   the   metal   grate   as   well   as   the   plastic   body .   after   use   i   have   to   keep   on   the   counter   because   it   is   too   hot   to   put   away .   it   has   melted   2   different   combs   and   now   starts   to   smoke   during   use .   my   hair   requires   high   heat   to   dry   completely   and   not   be   frizzy ,   but   this   is   unsafe   and   ridiculous .   as   soon   as   my   new   model   arrives   not   this   brand   this   is   going   in   the   trash !
everything   okay   but ..... ! !   i   found   everything   goes   well   except   the   plug .   why   the   left   and   right   is   opposite   and   i   have   to   put   the   plug   upside   down   for   charging ! ! !   another   flaw   is   the   big   noise .
five   stars   perfect
nice   hairdryer   that   works   very   well .   i   really   like   this   hairdryer .   i   haven   t   had   it   very   long .   but   it   s   working   well   for   me .
awesome   dryer   got   tho   on   super   sale .   love   it !   cuts   my   drying   time   in   half
works   great ,   i   use   it   5   days   a   week   reckon   i   have   had   this   about   a   year   now ,   at   least   7   months .   works   great ,   i   use   it   5   days   a   week ,   blows   hot   air ,   doesnt   overheat ,   isnt   to   big ,   came   quick ,   didnt   cost   much .   get   you   one ,   you   will   like   it .
the   styling   tip   does   not   stay   on ,   the   styling   tip   does   not   stay   on ,   keeps   falling   off   in   the   middle   of   blow   drying   and   then   it   s   too   hot   to   put   back
blows   like   a   jet   engine !   nice   hair   dryer ,   dual   voltage   comes   in   handy .
great   drier ........... meh   great   product ...   took   me   anywhere   between   30   40   mins   to   blow   dry   my   clients   hair   with   my   old   blow   drier ....   with   this   new   one   its   cut   the   time   in   half ...   it   s   has   lots   of   power ...   great   deal ...   n   it   s   super   cute ...   update   7   8   months   later   it   only   blows   cold   air .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   this   drier   for   the   price   they   are   selling   it   now .   it   s   rubbish
a   good   replacement   like   this   as   well   as   the   one   i   had   before .
girlfriend   loves   it   very   quiet .   bought   this   to   replace   my   girlfriend   s   stupid   loud   blow   dryer   that   woke   me   up   every   morning .   this   thing   is   much   easier   on   the   ears .
nice ,   light   and   powerful ...   this   is   a   good   dryer   with   nice   attachments ... very   light   and   powerful .   the   only   drawback   is   the   switches .   if   your   hand   has   any   mousse   or   oil   on   them ,   forget   turning   this   on   without   a   struggle .   the   switches   have   no   grip   nor   heavy   grooves   on   them   that   make   turning   on   off   easy .   but ,   overall   good .
great   blow   dryer   live   this   hairdryer
five   stars   perfect   for   travel .
five   stars   thanks
hot   air !   i   ve   had   this   blow   dryer   for   just   over   a   year ,   and   it   finally   started   smoking   and   sparking   so   bad ,   i   believe   it   would   have   caught   on   fire   if   i   didn   t   turn   it   off .   for   the   last   6months ,   if   not   longer ,   i   ve   noticed   that   when   i   1st   turn   it   on   it   smells   really   hot   and   the   air   flow   is   very   low .   but   after   fiddling   with   the   heat   controls   and   the   cool   button   it   will   gradually   begin   to   blow   at   the   normal   flow .   i   ve   used   cheaper   blow   dryers   in   the   past   that   i   get   a   minimum   of   3   5   yrs   out   of ! ! ! !   i   ts   the   weekend   and   andis   is   closed ,   but   i   ll   attempt   to   contact   them   to   see   if   there   is   anything   that   they   are   willing   to   do ,   refund   repair   or   even   replace   this   unit .   please   note   that   on   their   website   over   half   of   their   blow   dryers   seem   to   be   discontinued ,   hmm   wonder   why .   i   ll   update   my   review   once   i   hear ,   or   don   t   hear   back   from   this   company .
works   just   like   the   ones   in   the   hotels .   so   handy ,   works   great ,   frees   up   counter   top   space   in   my   small   bathroom .
i   am   obsessed   after   using   the   same   blowdryer   for   probably   8   10years ,   i   decided   to   upgrade   to   a   new   one .   i   have   very   thick   very   thick !   moderately   wavy   shoulder   length   hair .   due   to   my   hair   thickness ,   drying   times   were   typically   30   45minutes .   i   wish   i   was   joking .   this   dryer   dries   completely   in   under   15   minutes   about   10   12minutes   more   precisely   .   i   am   so   thrilled   with   this   dryer ! !   can   t   say   enough   good   things   about   it !   i   like   the   texture   of   the   dryer   itself ,   love   the   speed   of   drying   and   the   cord   is   long   enough   to   actually   be   able   to   use   it !   score !
works   great .   just   wish   it   had   a   medium   setting   works   great .   just   wish   it   had   a   medium   setting .
no   complaints !   i   blowdry   my   hair   at   least   3   times   a   week   and   i   was   using   a   really ,   really   old ,   cheap ,   bulky   one   to   get   the   job   done .   this   dryer   gets   the   job   done   a   lot   better !   it   s   smaller ,   lighter ,   more   ergonomic   if   you   will ,   and   dries   my   long ,   thick   hair   not   always   a   good   thing !   reasonably   quick !   great   purchase ,   as   long   as   it   lasts   as   long   as   my   old   ones   did  
five   stars   love   this ,   keeps   my   curls   nice   and   not   frizzes   out .
two   stars   bonnet   is   too   small
great   hair   dryer   this   is   a   really   nice   hair   dryer   from   remington .   the   handle   and   controls   are   very   ergonomic ,   and   the   head   is   well   balanced   so   that   it   doesn   t   get   to   be   a   chore   handling   it .   the   heat   settings   are   what   you   d   expect ,   and   the   dryer   does   a   good   job   of   getting   your   hair   dry   fast   without   too   much   static   buildup .   what   i   really   like   about   this   dryer   is   the   generous   cord   length   and   the   ability   to   hand   the   dryer   from   a   hook .   the   attachments   fit   well ,   but   the   diffuser   attachment   comes   in   the   handiest   as   always .
great   blowdryer .   it   gets   the   job   done   great   blowdryer .   it   gets   the   job   done .   the   only   thing   i   dislike   is   how   it   is   not   compatible   with   universal   comb   attachments .   also   as   i   blowdry   my   hair   the   attachment   keeps   falling   off
well   worth   the   money !   amazing   amount   of   air   that   comes   out   of   it !   my   wife   and   i   love   it ...   my   waiting   time   to   go   out   is   cut   in   more   than   half ! !   highly   recommended .   feels   solid   like   you   are   getting   your   money   s   worth .   has   a   nice   long   cord   too ..
buy   this   so   far ,   an   excellent   hair   dryer .   not   too   noisy .   good   controls .   the   handle   is   well   contoured .   my   only   nit   is   that   the   little   plastic   attachment   that   directs   the   stream   of   warm   or   hot   air   pops   off   a   little   too   easily .
five   stars   this   item   it   s   been   working   perfectly   fine ,   i   m   glad   i   ordered ! !
great   little   dryer !   it   is   so   hard   to   find   a   small   blowdryer .   i   m   very   happy   with   this !
perfect   perfect
five   stars   great   dryer .
great   blow   dryer   looks   exactly   as   in   photo .   light   weight   and   works   like   a   charm .   would   definitely   recommend
great   dryer   for   travel   small   and   strong .   great   dryer   for   travel .   also   has   dual   voltage .   glad   i   bought   it !
this   conair   is   full   of   air   not   as   good   as   the   original   conair   1875 .   makeovers   and   upgrades   don   t   always   yield   the   best   results .   for   instance ,   this   1875   replica .   lacks   the   basic   functions   a   blow   dryer   should   have ,   such   as   temperature   adjustment .   there   is   only   a   setting   for   high   and   low   fan   speed .   also ,   in   order   to   use   the   air   only   feature   with   no   heat ,   the   cooling   button   has   to   be   pressed   and   held   down   to   use   this   basic   function .   this   causes   a   person   s   fingers   to   get   tired ,   holding   a   button   over   using   a   sliding   switch .   then   there   is   the   retracted   cord   that   is   missing .   that   was   probably   the   most   valuable   feature   for   the   original   conair   1875 .   made   the   dryer   much   more   portable .   even   useful   when   not   traveling .   now   the   new   1875   has   its   cord   sprawled   all   over   the   bathroom   counter .   the   original   is   much   better .   this   is   slightly   smaller   with   about   10   watts   more   power   and   a   directional   air   controller ,   but   overall   not   worth   the   investment .
was   easy   to   mount   on   the   wall   seems   to   be   working   well ,   was   easy   to   mount   on   the   wall .
petite ,   but   powerful   performance   this   is   the   2nd   time   i   bought   this   little   hair   dryer   because   i   like   it   so   much .   my   first   one   finally   bit   the   dust   after   about   3   years .   it   s   very   small   and   lightweight   a   plus   for   the   suitcase ,   but   still   powerful   enough   to   blow   dry   my   hair   fast .   i   have   short   hair ,   and   this   sweet   little   dryer   is   all   i   need   to   dry   and   style   my   hair   no   need   for   a   comb   or   brush .   it   s   no   frills   only   2   speeds   high   and   low .   but   it   does   exactly   what   i   need   it   to ,   and   it   does   it   fast !
five   stars   no   complaints
one   star   not   good
but   it   worked   great .   dried   my   hair   in   about   15   minutes   i   have   just   used   it   once ,   but   it   worked   great .   dried   my   hair   in   about   15   minutes .
excellent   value   for   travel   dryer   on   a   budget   compact   yet   powerful .   easy   to   pack   and   travel   with .   excellent   value   for   the   price .   much   better   blow   dryers   are   available ,   but   for   the   price   this   more   than   satisfied   my   needs .
great   hair   dryer .   powerful ,   lots   of   fan   settings ,   cold   air   button ,   and   best   of   all ,   a   retractable   cord !   i   like   the   folding   handle   for   traveling ,   too . great   product .   i   can   blow   my   hair   dry   and   blow   out   of   here   for   a   quick   appointment !
so   good ..   so   far ,   so   good   ...
just   annoying   to   have   to   deal   with   this   the   cold   button   stuck   on   the   2nd   use .   now   have   to   have   it   replaced .   just   annoying   to   have   to   deal   with   this .
piece   of   crap   it   broke   the   third   time   i   used   it   piece   of   crap
five   stars   very   powerful .   dries   my   hair   quickly .
three   stars   the   ends   are   pink .   not   what   i   expected
really   nice   features   in   a   blower   dryer   this   is   a   very   nice   hair   blow   dryer .   the   color   is   a   lovely   medium   shade   of   pink   that   is   in   a   matte   tone   versus   a   plastic   looking   shiny   one .   the   dryer   comes   with   a   diffuser   which   works   well   for   my   curly   hair .   it   has   an   unusual   type   of   soft   touch   finish .   it   doesn   t   feel   slippery   at   all .   it   fits   well   in   the   hand   and   the   finish   seems   to   be   it   fit   a   little   more   snug   that   others   i   have   had   before .   br   br   the   air   filter   is   removable   and   be   sure   to   clean   it   about   once   a   week .   i   destroyed   a   blow   dryer   by   not   cleaning   the   filter   it   overheats   the   motor   and   kills   it   pretty   quickly .   along   with   the   diffuser ,   there   is   a   very   narrow   concentrator   attachment   which   works   really   well   if   you   need   to   put   heat   on   a   precise   spot .   there   are   three   heat   settings   and   two   speeds .   there   is   also   a   cool   shot   button   for   getting   the   air   cool   quickly   as   you   are   styling .   br   br   the   interesting   thing   about   this   blow   dryer   apart   from   the   finish   is   that   it   is   much   quieter   than   others   i   have   had .   my   first   thought   was   that   it   meant   that   it   wasn   t   as   powerful   but   that   is   not   the   case .   it   works   well   and   is   not   as   loud .
happy   with   product   product   is   just   as   described .   super   fast   delivery
good   for   the   price   it   s   a   good   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   i   do   find   that   it   smells   like   it   s   burning   on   high   hot .   i   use   it   on   warm   and   low   so   it   s   just   fine   for   my   needs .   br   i   tried   a   salonsalon   hair   dryer   at   a   friends   house   which   was   fabulous   turns   out   it   costs   169 !   way   out   of   my   budget .   this   one   will   probably   last   a   year   and   then   i   ll   probably   buy   another   sassoon   tourmaline   ceramic   helps   keep   the   fly   aways   from   flying   away !
five   stars   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   with   loads   of   power .   it   feels   like   a   salon   dryer .
diffuser   made   curls   frizzy   the   diffuser   made   my   curly   hair   really   frizzy   and   messy .
five   stars   cute   and   stylish
not   as   hot   and   powerful   as   i   expected   and   somehow   ...   not   as   hot   and   powerful   as   i   expected   and   somehow   it   does   not   deliver   any   kind   of   expected   shining   usually   produced   by   professional   ceramic   dryers ...
disappointed   in   the   packaging .   this   product   arrived   in   an   open   box .   the   cord   was   pushed   into   the   box .   looked   as   if   it   had   been   returned .   but   it   arrived   quickly   and   it   works .   small   easy   to   travel   with .
not   bad ! !   not   a   bad   dryer !   yes ,   heavy ,   but   sleek   as   can   be   and   doesn   t   burn   my   hair .
i   have   fine ,   curly   hair   but   lots   of   it   i   m   not   one   to   write   reviews   but   i   thought   i   d   do   it   for   this   product .   i   have   fine ,   curly   hair   but   lots   of   it .   it   was   taking   me   a   good   25   minutes   to   blow   dry   my   hair   every   other   day   and   i   was   getting   tired   of   it .   i   felt   like   i   d   tried   about   every   hair   dryer   affordable   in   the   store .   i   decided   i   d   try   an   expensive   salon   one   to   see   if   that   d   do   the   trick .   so   i   splurged   and   bought   the   buttercup   dry   bar   hair   dryer .   it   worked   well   but   only   cut   my   drying   time   down   about   5   minutes   and   in   all   honesty ,   i   didn   t   think   it   was   worth   the   200 .   i   came   across   the   john   frieda   hair   dryer   and   read   some   good   reviews   so   decided   i   d   give   it   a   shot ,   plus   it   was   much   more   affordable   than   the   dry   bar .   well ,   i   loved   it !   it   only   took   me   11   minutes   to   blow   dry   this   mane   of   mine   plus   it   gave   it   extra   shine   and   my   ends   don   t   look   so   dry .   it   also   straightened   out   my   hair   better   than   any   other   hair   dryer   i   ve   had   which   cut   down   my   flat   iron   time ,   as   well .   the   only   cons   are   that   the   buttons   are   placed   in   an   odd   location   and   it   has   a   weird   hum   but   you   get   used   to   that   real   quick ,   so   it   didn   t   really   bother   me   all   that   much .   but   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product !
simple ,   yet   long   lasting !   i   am   giving   this   hair   dryer   5   stars   for   being   so   amazingly   simple !   br   there   are   no   frills   or   cool   settings   low ,   high ,   cool   just   basic   user   friendly   hair   drying   action .   br   can   i   tell   you   this   thing   lasts !   i   ve   had   mine   for   about   7   years   now   and   works   like   the   day   i   got   it !   br   just   do   yourself   a   favor   and   unscrew   the   back   every   now   and   then   and   clean   the   lint   out   of   the   filter   wire   mesh   on   back  
mom   loves   it !   i   bought   this   for   my   girl   to   keep   her   from   buying   another   walmart   bargain .   i   can   tell   it   s   quieter   than   most   and   she   says   it   dries   her   hair   faster .   nice   lightweight   unit ,   ergonomically   designed .   the   cleanable   filter   on   the   back   is   a   nice   feature .
five   stars   bang   for   the   buck   very   good .   good   quality
dries   my   thick ,   wavy   hair   quickly   and   thoroughly   i   ve   owned   like   3   or   4   blow   driers   in   my   time .   i   m   not   so   good   about   consistently   using   them   because   i   m   lazy .   well ,   i   also   know   how   harsh   blow   drying   can   be   on   hair   particularly   colored   like   mine   ,   so   i   tend   to   avoid   it .   but   every   so   often   more   so   in   the   winter   ,   i   find   i   need   to   dry   my   hair   quickly   instead   of   waiting .   my   last   hair   dryer   died   in   a   blaze   of   glory   well ,   actually   it   more   or   less   fizzled   and   refused   to   turn   on .   so   when   this   popped   up   in   my   vine   selection ,   i   selected   it .   br   br   this   remington   hair   dryer   comes   with   attachments   one ,   a   diffuser ,   that   looks   like   an   alien   product   apparently   used   for   curly   hair   ,   and   a   funnel   appendage   that   reminds   me   of   an   airplane   wind   tunnel .   i   don   t   have   curly   hair   so   i   didn   t   bother   with   the   diffuser   i   really   wish   it   had   not   been   included   because   all   it   does   it   take   up   valuable   drawer   space   ,   but   i   did   test   out   the   wind   tunnel   much   as   i   like   pretending   it   s   a   wind   tunnel   for   miniature   airplanes ,   i   would   like   to   know ,   what   is   this   thing   called   really   .   br   br   i   love   all   the   settings !   my   last   hair   dryer   pretty   much   had   hi   lo ,   hot   cold   and   that   was   it .   this   has   3   heat   settings   and   2   speeds   along   with   a   cold   blast   setting ,   allowing   for   a   more   controlled   drying   experience .   i   found   it   really   dried   my   thick ,   wavy   hair   well   another   reason   why   i   hate   drying   my   hair   it   usually   takes   30   minutes   for   it   to   be   all   dry   and   relatively   quickly .   the   wind   tunnel   also   helped   to   ensure   nice ,   smooth ,   straight   hair   the   way   i   like   to   style   my   hair .   br   br   overall ,   i   m   impressed   and   pleased .   i   wish   that   the   diffuser   hadn   t   been   included   because   i   have   no   need   for   it   and   the   space   it   takes   up   but   i   know   that   those   with   curly   hair   may   appreciate   it .   br   br   update   09   18   16   while   i   still   like   this   product ,   i   have   since   received   a   bio   ionic   from   vine ,   which   i   like   more .   the   remington   s   cool   burst   is   far   too   easily   activated   when   i   am   drying   my   hair ,   a   problem   i   don   t   have   with   the   bio   ionic .   therefore ,   i   am   taking   away   1   star   to   show   this .   br   br   brought   to   you   by   br   c . s .   light   y   c . s .   light  
it   works   less   heat   and   more   blow   would   be   better
one   star   it   suddenly   can   t   turn   on   days   ago .
great   hairdryer   great   hairdryer ,   affordable   price ,   delivery   was   quick ,   like   the   packaging   and   the   extra   hair   drying   tips   you   get   by   email .   wishing   it   had   a   little   bit   more   power   in   the   cool   blast   but   no   big   deal .   im   pleased   that   i   bought   this   product   to   replace   my   old   hairdryer   which   took   20mins   to   dry   my   hair ,   happy   to   say   it   has   cut   the   timing   of   drying   my   long   hair   down   to   8minutes   and   leaves   my   hair   smooth   enough   not   to   use   the   ghd   hair   irons .   only   major   downside   is   that   it   is   quite   noisy .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer   the   available   speeds   and   temperatures   are   perfect   and   it   s   the   most   quiet   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   the   only   drawback   for   me   is   the   placement   of   the   on   off   switch   it   s   located   at   the   very   bottom   of   the   handle   so   i   have   to   use   two   hands   to   turn   it   on   or   off .   a   better   design   would   be   to   reverse   the   placement   of   the   buttons   so   it   could   be   turned   on   off   easily   with   my   thumb   currently ,   the   speed   temperature   button   is   easily   reached   with   my   thumb ,   but   i   don   t   change   that   very   often .   that   is   the   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   it   five   stars .   nevertheless ,   i   still   highly   recommend   it   and   would   buy   it   again .
great   this   dryer   is   exactly   what   i   wanted   very   lightweight   and   does   the   job
this   is   the   best   dryer   i   have   ever   used   this   is   the   best   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   it   isn   t   all   that   quiet ,   and   though   it   s   not   really   heavy ,   it   is   bigger   than   i   m   used   to   and   so   still   a   bit   unwieldy   in   my   unpracticed   hands ,   but   it   dries   my   thick ,   coarse ,   shoulder   length   hair   faster   than   any   other   device   i   have   ever   used .   it   also   leaves   my   hair   notably   silkier   and   more   manageable   than   other   dryers .   the   allure   would   seem   to   offer   the   benefits   of   an   expensive   professional   tool   at   a   surprisingly   reasonable   price .   hoping   it   holds   up   over   time ,   and   planning   to   purchase   another   to   keep   at   my   summer   cottage .
great   product .   my   wife   loves   it .   my   wife   is   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer   and   she   has   very   full ,   thick   hair !
four   stars   so   far   so   good
two   stars   blow   holes   are   only   at   the   top   would   be   great   if   they   were   at   the   sides
three   stars   never   had   a   blow   dryer   tangle   my   hair   and   make   it   limp .   it   does   get   your   hair   dry   slowly .
four   stars   good   as   expected
hot   tools   bonnet   dryer   is   compact   good   brand .   remember   the   dryer   hose   clicks   into   bonnet   to   stay   hooked   on .   this   is   my   third   hot   tools   bonnet   dryer   in   25   years .   i   love   it   highly   recommend   it .   i ,   too   had   the   bonnet   constantly   unhooking   from   the   hose   but   realized   after   the   second   dryer   that   the   bonnet   has   a   notch   inside   the   ring   that   clicks   to   keep   the   connected   to   the   bonnet .   the   dryer   does   get   very   but   with   4   heist   settings   i   keep   lower   it   after   10   15   minutes   then   every   five .
quality   and   good   looks .   nice   quality ,   fairly   quiet ,   nice   looking   and   not   too   big .   i   bought   two .
five   stars   very   much   worth   it !
not   as   quiet   as   the   reviews   said   i   was   hoping   for   a   quieter   blow   dryer .   this   is   definitely   quieter   than   my   other   dryer ,   but   still   not   quiet .   i   also   read   all   kinds   of   reviews   that   said   this   dries   your   hair   so   it   s   smooth   and   silky .   the   only   thing   that   makes   my   hair   smooth   and   silky   is   product !
dangerous ,   shoots   sparks   and   flames !   have   had   it   for   about   4   years   and   thought   it   did   a   good   enough   job .   i   use   it   on   medium   heat   blow   settings   and   always   clean   the   air   intake   screen   at   the   first   sign   of   lint .   however ,   it   has   recently   been   throwing   out   sparks   and   some   actual   flames .   at   first   it   was   a   high   pitched   screeching   noise ,   then   popping ,   then   sparks ,   now   flames !   it   is   in   the   trash   and   i   will   be   looking   for   a   better   dryer .   funny   that   my   mother   has   had   the   same   dryer   for   over   15   years ,   but   this   modern   34   high   tech   34   stuff   is   just   mass   produced   junk !
five   stars   best   blow   dryer   i   have   purchased   in   a   long   time
slightly   smaller   and   lighter   than   its   predecessor .   quick   drying ,   no   fly   away   hair .   i   have   been   using   an   older   model   remington   hair   dryer ,   and ,   while   that   model   has   held   up   well   with   daily   use   for   over   3   years ,   this   newer   model   is   lighter   weight   and   slightly   smaller   yet   produces   the   same   results   as   the   old   model .   br   br   this   remington   says   that   it   has   micro   conditioners   to   prevent   heat   damage   and   increase   hair   shine .   it   also   says   that   its   ceramic   technology   prevents   hair   damage   and   dries   hair   faster .   br   br   since   using   the   remington   hair   dryers   daily   my   hair   untreated   and   treated   do   not   show   hair   damage   at   all   no   split   ends ,   no   dry   brittle ,   no   fly   away .   whether   this   is   attributable   to   the   dryer   or   my   hair   product   changed   when   i   started   treating   my   hair   ,   i   cannot   say .   i   use   shampoo   conditioners   about   every   other   day   and   dry   my   hair   every   day .   br   br   dry   time   is   fast .   the   new   model   doesn   t   seem   to   have   a   faster   dry ,   but   the   dry   time   is   pretty   quick   nonetheless .   i   do   not   use   either   attachment .   this   dryer   comes   with   a   diffuser   remington   caught   flak   with   the   last   model   not   including   a   diffuser   and   a   directional   blower .   both   are   standard   plastic .   br   br   overall ,   this   remington   dryer   works   well ,   dry   well ,   and   should   last   a   number   of   years   if   it   follows   in   previous   models   footsteps .   very   happy   with   the   feel   and   results .
three   stars   needs   an   expensive   transformer
five   stars   i   love   how   compact   it   is   and   how   amazing   it   works ! ! !
happy   with   this   purchase .   this   is   a   great   dryer   for   the   price .   i   haven   t   noticed   my   strands   being   shiny   or   silky ,   but   the   dryer   dries   quickly   and   isn   t   very   loud .   i   appreciate   the   different   heat   and   speed   settings .   the   barrel   is   longer   than   most   other   dryers   i   ve   used   but   it   isn   t   hard   to   grip   or   control .   it   is   boxed   nicely   and   comes   with   a   diffuser   attachment .   i   would   recommend   this   productif   you   check   out   the   pictures   in   other   s   reviews   you   ll   see   they   have   had   luck   with   smooth ,   shiny   hair .   i   have   not   gotten   a   chance   to   use   it   that   much   to   see   results   and   i   ve   been   using   texturing   product   which   also   isn   t   conducive   to   smooth   or   shiny   hair .
big   and   heavy   it   s   not   that   small ,   and   quite   heavy .   it   works   reall   well !   but   not   really   portable ,   or   light   enough   to   be   a   travel   dryer .
five   stars   good   experience   will   order   again
four   stars   will   dry   hair   very   fast
five   stars   great   blow   dryer   ! ! ! !
great   price ! !   great   dryer   great   for   the   price ! !   glad   i   didn   t   spend   hundreds   like   i   ve   seen   on   others ! !   love   it ! !
i   enjoyed   using   this   at   the   beginning   i   enjoyed   using   this   at   the   beginning .   after   few   months   of   use ,   it   gets   over   hot   easily   and   i   have   to   stop   and   wait   until   it   cools   down .
get   the   salon   feel   at   home   with   the   hot   tools   tourmaline   standing   hair   dryer   my   purchase   of   the   hot   tools   tourmaline   ionic   standing   hair   dryer   was   a   great   investment .   i   love   the   purple   and   black   color .   it   has   two   heat   settings ,   high   and   low .   two   speed   settings ,   high   and   low ,   and   it   has   an   on   off   ionic   knob .   it   has   an   adjustable   pole   which   is   great   when   you   have   more   than   one   person   using   it .   it   also   has   wheels   so   it   is   easy   for   me   to   roll   it   around   the   house .   this   is   much   better   that   the   hooded   dryer   that   i   had   to   sit   on   the   table   and   find   a   chair   low   enough   so   i   could   fit   under   the   hood .   i   use   my   dryer   on   a   weekly   basis .   the   hood   is   very   roomy   and   has   a   flip   up   front .   i   can   dry   my   hair   with   large   rollers   with   no   problem .   now   i   can   get   the   salon   feel   of   the   hair   dryer   at   home .
well   they   refund   my   money   but   i   don   t   recommend   this   product   a   non   working   product .   just   west   of   time   and   energy .   well   they   refund   my   money   but   i   don   t   recommend   this   product .
best   ever   best   one
love   it !   this   had   terrible   reviews   but   it   was   the   only   one   i   could   find   with   the   3   things   i   wanted   diffuser ,   retractable   cord ,   and   folding   handle .   i   figured   for   the   price   it   was   with   a   try .   i   m   so   glad   i   did   because   i   love   it !   i   don   t   understand   the   negative   reviews .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   my   very   curly   hair   looks   great !
cuts   hair   drying   in   half !   we   have   just   gotten   rid   of   all   the   hair   dryers   in   the   house   to   try   some   new   ones   the   last   ones   should   have   been   thrown   out   years   ago   and   this   one   works   great .   my   wife   and   daughter   have   very   kinky   curl   hair   and   it   takes   time   to   dry   their   hair   but   this   product   cuts   that   time   in   half   which   is   great .   very   strong   firm   hair   dryer   that   feels   high   end   upon   picking   it   up   although   very   affordable   looking   at   the   price   .   my   daughter   has   taken   over   this   one   in   her   bathroom   she   loves   the   color   purple   so   we   have   let   her   take   possession   of   this   one .   br   br   great   hair   dryer   that   you   would   expect   to   see   at   a   high   end   salon .
fairly   decent   but   causes   some   frustration   this   hair   dryer   is   one   of   the   fastest   drying   hair   dryers   i   ve   ever   used .   it   also   looks   sleek   and   professional .   i   like   that   it   comes   with   multiple   attachments   to   give   you   the   best   blow   dry   you   can   get .   br   br   i   only   have   a   few   issues   with   this   particular   hair   dryer .   it   blows   really   hard .   even   on   the   slowest   setting ,   the   air   blows   out   very   forcefully .   if   i   need   precision   drying ,   i   have   to   use   the   diffuser   attachment ,   otherwise   my   hair   gets   blown   to   smithereens .   another   problem   is   the   rocker   switch   design .   when   i   m   using   this ,   the   rocker   switch   controls   on   the   handle   are   very   easy   to   push   and   i   m   regularly   having   to   reset   my   settings .   after   i   while   this   gets   very   annoying .   br   br   it   seems   to   be   lasting   me   pretty   well .   i   ve   been   using   it   almost   one   year   and   haven   t   had   any   trouble   with   its   performance .   i   hope   it   lasts   me   a   few   more   years .   br   br   overall ,   this   hair   dryer   is   usable   but   might   cause   some   frustration .
my   new   favorite   hair   dryer   absolutely   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned   hands   down ! ! ! !   i   love   this   dryer   so   freakin   fast   it   s   amazing .   came   in   less   than   a   weeks   time .   very   pleased !
love   it   so   far   so   good .
overheated   in   2   minutes .   over   heated   in   2   minute !   we   had   to   return   it   and   had   to   pay   bubble   rap   to   sent   it   back   to   amazon .   good   luck   if   you   want   to   order   this   through   online .
five   stars   nice   quality .
four   stars   it   works   great   and   i   haven   t   had   any   issues   at   all .
two   stars   i   only   had   the   blow   dryer   for   less   than   3   months   and   the   heating   element   went .
i   purchased   the   dryer   about   9   month   ago .   it   ...   i   purchased   the   dryer   about   9   month   ago .   it   is   alway   stay   at   my   home   in   one   place .   i   occasionally   used   it   and   never   moved   it .   now   it   can   not   stand   anymore .   the   plastic   base   and   3   legs   are   broken .   i   called   the   customer   service   and   they   said   the   warranty   only   for   60   days .
five   stars   works   great   !   love   it !
five   stars   this   thing   is   still   going   almost   a   year   later
the   speed   and   heat   settings   are   wonderful .   the   speed   and   heat   settings   are   wonderful .   i   don   t   get   that   gross   feeling   like   it   is   burning   my   hair ,   or   blowing   it   insanely ,   like   with   other   blow   driers .   it   is   very   convenient   for   storage .
four   stars   so   far   so   good
five   stars   nice   quality .
five   stars   works   just   fine .   no   problems .
five   stars   excellent   hair   dryer
best   hair   dryer   this   is   one   of   the   best   hair   dryer   you   will   probably   ever   find .   it   is   very   powerful   and   dries   my   hair   quite   quickly .   plus   the   folding   design   makes   it   easy   to   stash   away .   in   addition ,   it   s   relatively   small   so   it   s   not   taking   up   a   ton   of   room   in   your   suitcase .   a   win   all   around .
perfect   little   dryer   i   love   this   little   hair   dryer .   i   have   arthritis   and   the   larger   dryers   are   hard   to   manipulate .   i   also   have   short ,   thin   hair   so   this   little   dryer   makes   it   easier   to   use   a   roll   brush   at   the   same   time .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   it   for   someone   with   thicker   hair   as   the   heat   is   not   as   strong   or   powerful   as   an   1875   but   it   s   great   for   me .
color   me   surprised !   holy   cow ... maybe   it   s   because   my   old   dryer   died   6   weeks   ago   and   i   haven   t   blow   dried   since   what   can   i   say   it   s   hot   and   i   m   too   lazy   to   fancy   up   in   the   summer   but   wow   this   thing   works   fast .   it   s   cute ,   it   s   small ,   but   it   packs   a   punch !
four   stars   the   dryer   itself   was   really   nice   but   the   packaging   could   have   been   better .
five   stars   cool   speed   is   perfect   for   my   hair .   no   frizz   or   dryness
two   stars   no   warm   setting !   can   t   use !
i   wish   it   was   a   little   bit   stronger   and   a   ...   i   wish   it   was   a   little   bit   stronger   and   a   little   bit   hotter   but   it   does   the   trick ..   i   have   thick   thick   hair   and   my   blow   drying   skills   are   subpar   so   in   the   hands   of   a   skilled   person   id   say   4   stars !
five   stars   it   s   good .   i   like   3   level   of   heat .
three   stars   great   blow   dryer ,   just   a   little   more   heavy   than   i   expected
five   stars   i   love   my   hot   pink   mini   pro ,   so   lightweight   and   powerful !   the   super   cute   tote   bag   is   a   plus !   perfect   for   travel   but   i   use   mine   everyday .   i   didn   t   think   it   would   be   as   good   as   my   big ,   clunky ,   heavy   dryer ,   but   this   little   baby   gets   hot ,   has   a   lower   setting   also .   i   have   shoulder   hand   issues   and   now   they   don   t   hurt   when   i   blow   dry   my   hair !   love   it ! !
four   stars   good   hair   dryer .   it   can   make   your   hair   more   straight   but   its   kinda   heavy   compared   to   other   hair   dryers .
five   stars   excellent   product .
great   while   it   worked   this   was   a   great   hair   dryer .... for   8   months .   yesterday   the   heating   element   stopped   working   and   now   it   only   blows   cool   air .   i   thought   since   it   was   a   revlon   product   and   it   wasn   t   cheap   that   it   would   last   for   years .   i   was   wrong  
vidal   sasson   vs547   i   bought   this   for   my   sister   for   her   to   use   it   for   college .   it   came   really   fast ,   she   loves   it   and   it   s   very   affordable .   thank   you .  
variable   heat   and   speeds   excellent   safety   features .   excellent   hair   dryer   with   some   good   features .   some   of   these   features   seem   to   be   from   a   marketer   s   mind   rather   than   real .   it   won   t   fix   damaged   hair ... whatever   that   means .   it   won   t   make   your   hair   shinier ,   healthier ,   or   improve   your   already   good   looks .   however ,   in   real   world   day   to   day   use   it   is   very   capable   and   effective   at   drying   and   styling .   br   br   it   feels   solid   and   well   built   without   being   too   hefty .   it   has   very   solid   cord   connectors   and   circuit   breaker   protection   built   into   the   plug ... excellent   safety   features !   the   handle   and   controls   are   very   well   placed   for   ease   of   use .   they   stay   cool   to   the   touch   during   use .   it   has   2   speeds   and   3   heat   settings .   low   speed   and   low   heat   works   best   for   us .   it   puts   out   a   huge   amount   of   hot   air   at   high   heat   and   high   speed .   it   has   a   cool   air   blow   feature   which   is   good   for   finishing   the   drying   process .   it   has   a   couple   of   attachments ,   a   concentrator   and   diffuser ,   which   you   may   find   useful .   it   definitely   is   not   portable   though   it   is   transportable   if   weight   is   not   an   issue .   br   br   hair   dryers   are   a   commodity   and   there   are   a   lot   of   choices .   this   unit   stands   out   in   a   crowded   field   and   should   work   for   almost   all   hair   drying   and   styling   situations   and   requirements .
five   stars   i   just   love   it
so   light   and   easy   to   use !   love   how   light   it   is   and   how   quickly   it   dries   my   hair !
go   for   it ,   its   great !   this   dryer   works   so   good .   i   have   really   coarse   and   thick   hair   and   it   used   to   take   me   a   really   long   time   to   blow   dry   my   hair   with   an   ordinary   dryer   .   now   i   bet   i   have   cut   down   my   drying   time   by   at   least   half   if   not   more .   can   t   beat   the   price   for   this   type   of   technology !
three   stars   buttons   interfere   with   handle .   always   turning   off
but   it   has   a   single   switch   to   select   hi   low   warm   speeds   or   cool   mode .   the   ac2015c   has   two   switches   from   ms .   s1rude .   br   i   ve   been   using   an   older   model   remington   hairdryer   for   years ,   so   i   was   able   to   compare   this   model   to   an   another   model   of   the   same   brand .   br   i   don   t   have   a   model   number   on   my   current   hairdryer   because   all   of   the   writing   has   been   rubbed   off ,   but   it   has   a   single   switch   to   select   hi   low   warm   speeds   or   cool   mode .   the   ac2015c   has   two   switches ,   one   allows   you   to   select   between   three   temperatures ,   the   other   between   two   speeds .   there   is   a   34   cool   shot   34   button .   i   have   fine ,   straight   shoulder   length   hair   and   don   t   really   use   my   dryer   for   anything   other   than   drying ,   so   i   ve   never   understood   the   purpose   of   a   cool   shot   button .   were   i   to   use   this   function ,   i   prefer   my   existing   drying   because   you   can   set   it   to   cool   mode   with   the   switch ,   while   the   new   model   requires   you   to   hold   the   button   down   continuously   for   cool   air .   the   ac2015c   is   more   than   twice   as   heavy   as   and   slightly   larger   than   my   existing   dryer ,   which   i   didn   t   care   for .   pros   of   the   ac2015c   are   that   it   is   a   nice   looking   dryer ,   and   if   its   anything   like   my   old   remington ,   it   will   probably   last   forever .   for   now   i   m   planning   to   stick   with   old   reliable   its   lighter   and   more   straightforward .
five   stars   works   great ! !   just   what   i   wanted ! ! !
works   anywhere   traveling   abroad   most   foreign   countries   use   220   vac   instead   of   the   usa   120   vac .   this   means   that   if   you   try   your   hair   dryer   overseas   it   will   work   for   about   1   second   and   fail .   this   unit   has   a   voltage   selector   switch   so   it   will   work   no   matter   what   the   voltage   is .   folds   to   much   smaller   unit ,   name   branded .   remember   to   buy   the   correct   country   plug   adaptor .
love   it   love   love   love   it .   best   one   yet .
he   seems   to   enjoy   it .   my   boyfriend   uses   this   more   than   i   do .   he   seems   to   enjoy   it .
works   great !   i   use   it   on   my   curly   air .   works   great !
feels   well   made ,   but   a   little   heavy   in   hand   cons   i   took   a   star   away   because   this   is   very   heavy   in   hand   and   awkwardly   balanced   and   that   is   without   adding   the   removable   tip   .   the   pros   it   came   impressively   beautifully   packaged ,   it   looks   beautiful ,   feels   well   made ,   it   has   a   lot   of   drying   power ,   and   is   not   too   loud .
just   keeps   improving   the   health   of   my   hair ...   awesome   dryer !   i   was   on   the   fence   for   a   while   but   now   i   m   addicted .   leaves   my   fine ,   fizzy ,   dry   hair   soft   and   smooth   and   my   hair   just   keeps   getting   healthier .   if   you   are   waiting ,   don   t ... you   just   have   to   try   this   once   and   you   will   be   sold !
best   blow   dryer   ever   i   bought   this   hair   blower   cause   i   lost   the   back   of   my   other   blow   dryer   i   must   say   this   has   been   my   favorite   blow   dryer   i   have   really   curly   hair   and   this   blow   dryer   does   the   job   it   s   very   hot   so   i   don   t   have   to   spend   to   much   time   on   one   piece   of   hair   every   time   i   do   my   hair   i   feel   like   i   just   came   out   the   salon
five   stars   i   just   love   it !
four   stars   god   product
one   star   does   not   turn   off .
true   to   its   name   it   stays   true   to   it   s   name   as   it   is   indeed   mini ,   and   i   wouldn   t   buy   this   if   i   have   thicker   hair .
worth   it   no   this   was   for   3   months   the   best   investment   yet   for   my   hair .   i   have   used   a   cheaper   hair   dryer   forever ,   but   this   was   worth   every   penny .   however   it   broke   and   will   not   shoot   out   and   warm   it   hot   air .   most   disappointing   product   yet   in   amazon   i   have   bought   because   it   worked   for   awhile   so   well .   i   have   to   purchase   a   new   hair   dryer ... unfortunately   it   won   t   be   this   one   again .   as   a   woman   who   takes   pride   in   her   hair   i   need   something   more   reliable   and   safe .
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer !   love   having   the   hair   dryer   ready   to   use   but   out   of   the   way   mounted   to   the   wall .   we   have   one   in   each   bathroom !
five   stars   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   louder   than   i   m   used   to   but   my   hair   seems   smoother .
a   good ,   no   nonsense   dryer .   it   s   a   good ,   no   nonsense   hair   dryer ,   and   i   m   rating   it   as   such .   three   heat   settings   and   two   speeds   give   it   great   versatility   to   do   a   speed   dry   or   more   leisurely   styling   assistance .   br   br   i   m   particularly   fond   of   the   removable   filter ... this   is   replacing   an   older   hair   dryer   that   was   very   difficult   to   clean .   i   m   less   fond   of   the   attachments ... not   that   they   are   bad   or   anything ,   only   that   i   ve   never   used   any   kind   of   attachments   for   a   hair   dryer .   they   seem   a   little   loose   though ,   so   i   m   not   sure   of   their   ultimate   utility .   br   br   this   does   put   out   plenty   of   power ,   and   it   seems   like   a   34   clean   34   heat   without   a   ton   of   noise .   it   s   not   whisper   quiet ,   but   it   does   seem   a   little   more   discreet   than   my   old   hair   dryer .   br   br   so   i   do   like   this   it   s   handy   with   a   decent   amount   of   power   behind   it .   as   i   said ,   it   s   no   nonsense .   and   i   appreciate   it .
she   said   it   feels   like   a   real   saloon   my   wife   loves   this   thing ,   she   said   it   feels   like   a   real   saloon .
five   stars   love   this   hair   dryer !
five   stars   best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .
one   star   junk ...   the   diffuser   does   not   fit   on   the   dryer .   my   whole   reason   for   purchasing   this   item !
trusted   brand   and   series   i   used   this   blow   dryer   for   4   years   until   it   randomly   broke   one   day   but   it   always   gave   my   hair   a   silky ,   smooth ,   and   shiny   finish   i   have   straight   hair   .   i   would   say   the   noise   level   is   average ,   not   too   loud   but   not   whisper   quiet   either .   it   has   all   the   heat   and   speed   settings   you   could   need   for   a   blow   out   and   the   retractable   cord   is   the   best   feature   because   it   prevents   a   dreaded   tangled   mess .
five   stars   very   nice   hair   dryer   and   good   price   too !
one   star   did   not   work   in   italy
three   stars   gets   the   job   done .   downfall   is   the   bonnet   connection   keeps   popping   off   so   you   must   keep   reattaching   it .
five   stars   good !
dryer   works   great   but   be   careful   with   cord   dryer   works   great   but   be   careful   with   cord .   last   one   the   cord   worked   free   from   dryer   and   it   was   shooting   sparks   out   of   cord .
seems   very   sturdy   high   setting   very   strong   but   quite   quite   compact .   seems   very   sturdy   high   setting   very   strong   but   quite   loud
five   stars   it   is   everything   i   expected ..
five   stars   works   great
five   stars   shipment   takes   a   bit   long   but   very   good   product
not   very   powerful   but   its   cute !   i   have   had   alot   of   hair   dryers   over   the   years ,   i   liked   this   one   because   it   was   pink   and   i   could   order   it   on   amazon   prime .   however ... the   highest   setting   blows   more   like   a   medium   low   setting   which   just   erks   me .   if   you   have   thin   hair   you   probably   won   t   mind   but   if   you   have   thicker   hair   like   myself   this   is   just   pain   annoying !  
but   i   was   disappointed   when   i   received   it   because   the   power   cord   is   ...   bought   as   a   replacement   for   the   previous   version   of   this   dryer   because   it   finally   stopped   working   after   more   than   5   years ,   but   i   was   disappointed   when   i   received   it   because   the   power   cord   is   way   too   short   and   the   power   itself   is   not   nearly   as   strong   as   the   previous   model .   it   ll   work   for   now   but   i   would   definitely   not   buy   it   again .
blowing   in   the   wind   this   is   a   nice   blow   dryer   for   the   price ,   and   it   is   more   lightweight   than   my   trusty   revlon   helen   of   troy   model   that   s   still   ticking   even   after   numerous   drops   on   my   bathroom   floor .   br   br   like   the   numerous   dial   settings ,   but   this   dryer   does   not   that   hot .   but   maybe   that   s   to   be   expected   because   this   is   a   34   damage   control   34   blow   dryer ,   and   heat   along   with   chemicals   like   peroxide   and   ammonia   is   one   of   your   hair   s   biggest   enemies .   have   always   dried   my   hair   on   the   lowest   heat   and   speed   settings ,   and   the   cool   shot   should   be   highly   distinguishable   from   a   warm   setting .   on   this   hair   dryer ,   you   can   barely   tell   them   apart .   all   heat   settings   feel   relatively   the   same .   br   br   the   verdict   is   that ,   using   this   dryer ,   it   took   a   longer   time   to   dry   my   thick   hair .   however ,   my   hair   did   come   out   nice   and   shiny .
but   i   like   it .   not   use   yet ,   but   i   like   it .
five   stars   woks   good
works   very   well .   i   just   wish   it   had   a   ...   works   very   well .   i   just   wish   it   had   a   simple   on   off   switch   in   addition   to   a   multi   function   slide   switch .   just   a   small   quibble .
five   stars   conair   always   makes   good   products
five   stars   great   size   and   has   adequate   power ...
small ,   compact ,   powerful !   small ,   compact ,   powerful !
this   is   the   worst   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   bought   i   want   you   to   send   me   a   new   one .   after   1.5   years   of   using   this ,   it   blew   up   on   me .   this   is   the   worst   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   bought .   even   my   conair   hair   dryer   from   15   years   ago   still   works .   please   contact   me   to   send   me   a   new   one .
not   amazed .   i   really   wanted   to   love   this   dryer   as   it   comes   highly   recommended   by   professional   stylists .   i   used   it   twice ,   it   dried   my   hair   quickly   and   somewhat   smooth   using   a   ceramic   ion   brush .   i   was   pleased   with   the   results ,   after   all   this   was   a   big   step   up   from   the   half   broken   one   i   purchased   from   sally   s   years   ago .   then   i   visited   my   mother   who   recently   purchased   a   new   drier ,   the   rusk   w8less .   she   told   me   i   should   try   it .   when   i   used   the   rusk   i   was   amazed   at   how   fast   it   dried   my   hair   and   how   smooth   and   silky   my   hair   felt .   i   was   in   love ! ! !   it   was   a   huge   step   up   from   the   twinturbo .   i   had   to   have   the   rusk ,   so   i   returned   the   twinturbo .   i   could   not   be   happier   w   the   customer   service .   refund   was   super   smooth .   so   for   the   drier   3   stars   customer   service   via   amazon   and   the   seller   5   stars .   br   br   pros   dries   fast ,   smooth   results ,   nice   button   position .   br   br   cons   heavy ,   the   wind   screen   on   the   back   has   no   cover ,   just   flimsy   screen .   on   both   occasions   i   used   the   drier   my   long   hair   was   sucked   into   the   screen ,   causing   it   to   tangle   and   burn .   in   my   opinion   this   is   a   design   flaw .   the   hole   in   the   back   of   the   dryer   is   the   circumference   of   my   fist !   br   br   look   to   the   rusk   w8less !   it   s   an   outstanding   dryer !
waste   of   money   i   bought   this   hair   drier   for   my   girlfriend   3   months   ago ,   expecting   it   to   be   great .   the   attachments   do   not   attach   to   the   drier !   it   is   now   useless   to   her   and   too   late   to   exchange   the   product .
i   had   to   super   glue   it   down   so   the   blow   dryer   wouldn   t   suck   ...   the   wire   mesh   over   the   vacuum   in   the   back   wasn   t   even   attached .   i   had   to   super   glue   it   down   so   the   blow   dryer   wouldn   t   suck   hair   into   the   back   of   it .
it   s   nice .   i   thought   the   cool   shot   had   a   locking   ...   it   s   nice .   i   thought   the   cool   shot   had   a   locking   button ,   but   it   doesn   t .   that   was   the   main   reason   i   bought   it .   it   does   work   well   and   it   doesn   t   seem   to   over   heat   like   me   other   one .
must   buy ! !   the   fan   speed   is   stable   and   fast !   br   3   temperature   selection   is   very   useful ,   neither   too   cold   nor   too   hot   for   me   with   short   hair   br   highly   reommend !
the   hair   dryer   itself   is   great   but   the   volumizing   finger   diffuser   is   terrible   the   hair   dryer   itself   is   great   but   the   volumizing   finger   diffuser   is   terrible .   the   fingers   on   the   attachment   are   made   of   rubber   and   break   off .
compact ,   powerful   and   easy   to   use   i   just   really   like   this   hairdryer .   in   fact ,   i   purchased   this   item   to   replace   the   exact   same   hairdryer ,   which   i   had   for   probably   about   five   years   before   it   finally   fizzled   out .   it   s   comfortable   to   hold ,   it   dries   my   long ,   thick   hair   quickly   no   easy   feat   ,   and   leaves   my   hair   smooth   and   shiny .   i   initially   replaced   my   old   hairdryer   with   a   different   more   expensive   ionic   hairdryer ,   and   didn   t   get   the   same   results .   so   i   looked   for   an   exact   replacement   on   amazon ,   and   was   pleasantly   surprised   to   find   it ,   not   to   mention   at   such   a   good   price .   needless   to   say ,   i   didn   t   hesitate   to   click   the   34   buy   now   with   1   click   34   button ,   and   i   m   glad   that   i   did .   br   br   pros   br   tourmaline   ceramic   technology   emits   infrared   heat   and   negative   ions ,   which   makes   it   gentler   on   hair   and   faster   drying   br   lightweight ,   comfortable   to   hold   and   use   br   long   cord   br   foldable   packs   and   stores   easily   and   compactly   br   br   cons   br   doesn   t   have   separate   heat   and   speed   settings   br   the   on   off   switch   is   a   little   difficult   to   use   br   doesn   t   have   a   retractable   cord
one   star   junk !   highly   not   recomended !   it   was   broke   for   a   week   used !
wonderful   hair   dryer   for   my   road   trip .   i   m   on   the   road   vacationing   and   brought   this   dryer   with   me .   i   have   very   long   hair   and   swim   a   lot   in   chlorinated   pools .   that   means   a   ton   of   showers   and   wet   hair .   this   dryer   works   great   for   me   it   is   quiet ,   efficient   and   really   dries   my   hair   quickly .   it   sn   t   so   hot   that   it   burns   my   fine   hair .   the   bonus   is   that   i   get   a   smooth   textured   outcome   that   air   drying   just   doesn   t   give   me .   br   br   on   the   aesthetic   side   i   love   the   textured   feel   to   this   dryer   s   exterior .   it   has   a   silky   matte   finish   that   i   very   much   enjoy .   lovely   color   as   well .
sleek   my   hairdryer   was   noisy   and   past   its   prime ,   so   i   was   delighted   to   try   this   new   remington   dryer .   it   s   sleek   and   it   s   quiet .   it   s   a   bit   heavier   than   my   old   conair ,   but   not   so   heavy   as   to   be   uncomfortable   to   hold .   in   fact ,   it   has   a   very   nice ,   slim   grip   and   i   like   the   matte   finish .   my   hair   is   indeed   shinier ,   as   promised .   an   unexpected   extra   is   that   it   stays   straighter ,   a   real   bonus   in   heat   and   humidity .   i   may   never   use   the   attachments   diffuser   and   focused   stream   but   it   s   nice   to   have   them .   i   m   enjoying   my   new   dryer   and   look   forward   to   a   long   relationship .
five   stars   i   love   it   this   dryer   is   prefect   for   my   daughters   and   i   .
great   working   hair   dryer   at   an   economical   price   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   at   a   fantastic   price .   it   contains   all   the   elements   i   have   in   my   older   and   much   more   expensive   hair   dryer .   it   uses   ionic   ceramic   toumaline   to   help   reduce   frizz   and   static   that   occurs   from   blow   drying   your   hair .   it   has   three   heat   settings   and   two   blower   speeds .   i   generally   use   the   medium   heat   and   the   high   blower ,   but   i   like   to   have   the   option   to   do   a   quicker   dry   with   high   heat   when   needed .   it   also   includes   the   cool   shot   button   which   allows   you   to   quickly   cool   the   dryer   down   in   the   midst   of   drying   and   styling .   br   br   it   has   an   easily   removable   filter ,   which   is   a   huge   plus .   i   once   ruined   a   dryer   because   i   didn   t   realize   i   needed   to   clean   the   filter .   now   i   periodically   take   the   filter   off   and   blow   the   34   wrong   way   34   through   it   to   clear   dust   that   accumulates   through   time .   i   do   this   about   one   a   week   or   so   and   it   helps   keep   the   dryer   running   well   and   from   burning   out .   i   have   placed   a   towel   hook   next   to   my   bathroom   sink   and   i   hang   the   dryer   on   it .   it   keeps   it   off   the   counter ,   saving   room   and   keeping   it   within   easy   reach .   br   br   the   dryer   comes   with   both   a   concentrator   for   when   you   are   styling   your   hair   or   trying   to   focus   the   drying   effort   as   well   as   a   diffuser .   the   latter   is   important   for   me   as   my   hair   has   a   lot   of   wave   and   curl   and   blow   drying   it   without   the   diffuser   turns   it   all   to   frizz   instead   of   curls .   br   br   i   m   very   pleased   with   this   dryer   and   recommend   it   as   a   good   and   fairly   inexpensive   choice .
great   value ,   heavy   duty   motor ,   all   the   bells   and   whistles   and   4   year   warranty !   i   already   have   the   d3190a ,   which   is   a   lot   like   this   ac215c   that   i   selected   for   my   daughter   because   she   likes   this   color   better   than   the   purple .   br   they   both   have   the   34   cool   shot   feature   34   which   we   love ,   and   the   cleanable   filter   very   important   feature   to   keep   airflow   going   strong   which   is   key   to   its   ability   to   dry   hair   quickly ,   you   would   think   all   hair   dryers   would   have   it !   br   br   now   to   its   features   it   has   the   three   heat   settings   two   power   settings   i   wish   it   had   3   power   settings !   br   it   has   a   concentrator   and   a   diffuser   which   my   daughter   who   has   a   head   full   of   natural   curls   says   it   is   an   essential   attachment   to   have   if   you   have   curls   like   her .   br   it   also   has   the   34   ionic   heat   protection   technology   34   that   keeps   your   hair   free   from   frizz   fly   aways ,   it   dries   hair   fast   we   both   have   long   hair   it   doesn   t   tangle   it   all   up   when   blow   drying   on   high ,   br   br   all   of   this   is   just   like   the   purple   d3190a   model ,   where   it   differs   is   that   this   one   has   a   br   four   year   warranty   as   opposed   to   the   d3190a ,   which   only   has   a   2   yr   warranty   and   they   say   it   has   a   salon   quality   ac   motor   for   4   times   a   longer   life   br   so ,   that   explains   the   longer   warranty .   for   10.00   more   you   get   a   better   value   as   this   is   supposed   to   last   twice   as   long   as   the   purple   d3190a   one   that   is   20.00   br   they   both   function   excellently ,   if   money   is   tight   get   the   purple   d3190a   one ,   if   you   have   the   extra   10   i   would   go   with   this   one !
nicely   designed   1875   watt   blow   dryer   that   s   super   lightweight   and   a   great   value !   this   is   a   very   good   blow   dryer .   it   has   three   heat   and   two   speed   settings ,   and   a   cool   shot   button   to   help   set   your   style .   it   s   1875   watts   so   it   s   nice   and   strong   though   not   as   powerful   my   professional   hair   dryer   that   does   dry   my   hair   faster .   but   my   hair   has   been   getting   split   ends   and   damaged ,   so   i   love   that   this   dryer   is   designed   to   protect   against   heat   damage .   only   time   will   tell   if   that   feature   works ,   but   i   sure   need   it .   this   also   has   the   usual   attachments   that   i   never   use   but   they   look   the   same   as   what   typically   comes   with   a   blow   dryer .   my   biggest   problem   with   blow   dryers   is   the   motor   dies   from   not   regularly   cleaning   the   lint   filter   which   draws   in   dust   and   causes   the   motor   to   overheat   .   so   one   great   feature   is   this   remington   has   a   removable   filter   for   easy   cleaning ,   and   that   will   definitely   prolong   the   life   of   the   hair   dryer   if   the   filter   is   cleaned   out   regularly .   br   br   my   hair   comes   out   smooth   and   nice   with   the   remington .   my   favorite   part   about   the   design   is   it   s   comfortable   to   hold ,   the   controls   are   placed   well   for   comfortable   use   and   most   of   all   it   s   super   lightweight .   also ,   this   dryer   is   not   as   loud   as   most   others .   it   looks   great   in   purple   too .   i   do   wish   the   cord   was   a   little   longer .   it   s   long   enough   for   plugging   into   a   high   outlet   in   a   bathroom ,   but   if   i   need   to   use   a   lower   outlet   in   another   room   then   the   cord   is   too   short   for   me   to   stand   and   dry   my   hair   though   adequate   if   i   sit   down   .   i   m   used   to   a   longer   cord ,   so   others   may   not   mind   the   cord   length ,   but   i   m   taking   one   star   off   as   i   think   the   cord   should   be   at   least   a   foot   longer .   overall ,   however ,   i   definitely   recommend   this   hair   dryer   as   it   has   great   features ,   works   very   well   and   is   such   a   great   value !
doesn   t   work   for   long !   worked   great   for   about   6   months ,   then   simply   would   no   longer   turn   on .
bonnet   opening   too   small .   should   be   way   more   elastic   so   you   can   adjust   it   with   the   button   haven   t   gotten   to   use   it   yet .   can   t   get   the   elastic   in   the   bonnet   to   open   wide   enough   to   get   over   the   rollers .   it   is   a   painful   attempt   even   without   rollers .   i   will   have   to   go   to   joanns   and   get   some   elastic   and   rethread   the   bonnet   opening   first .   so   when   i   finally   get   to   use   it   i   may   review   with   you   again .   did   it .   removed   the   elastic   and   it   works   much   better .   i   will   still   put   back   in   a   much   longer   piece   of   elastic .
five   stars   great   quality .
love   the   cool   shot   feature   and   that   the   filter   is   cleanable !   let   me   start   with   the   removable   filter   which   allows   you   to   clean   the   dust   out ,   my   previous   dryers   did   not   have   this   option   and   the   filter   would   clog   diminishing   the   airflow   and   the   drying   ability .   that   is   why   this   is   such   an   important   feature   to   me , you   would   think   all   hair   dryers   would   have   it !   br   now   to   its   features   it   has   3   heat   settings   and   2   power   settings   wish   there   were   3 !   br   annnd   a   34   cool   shot   34   which   iove ,   love ,   love !   i   have   very   thin ,   fine   hair   and   when   i   set   my   hair   with   heat   rollers   i   use   the   34   cool   shot   34   feature   to   speed   up   the   34   set   34   and   my   curls   stay   in   longer   as   the   hair   is   more   cooled   down   before   i   take   the   rollers   out   so   the   curls   don   t   fall   out   as   quickly   as   they   used   to ,   my   set   lasts   longer .   br   i   use   the   concentrator   but   have   no   need   for   the   diffuser   but   if   you   are   naturally   curly   it   is   a   nice   attachment   to   have .   br   it   has   the   heat   protection   34   ionic   technology   34   that   helps   keep   your   hair   frizz   and   fly   away   free ,   dries   hair   fast   i   have   long   hair   and   doesn   t   tangle   it   up   when   just   doing   a   blow   dry   and   not   setting   my   curls .   br   it   has   a   2   year   warranty   and   is   at   a   great   price   for   what   you   get .   i   would   recommend   this   dryer .
five   stars   love   it !   just   did   not   get   any   papers   to   register   warrantee   on   this   product .
awesome !   it   s   a   bit   heavy   but   i   love   it !   i   have   curly ,   frizzy   hair   and   it   has   helped   control   it .   the   price   it   great   too .   i   can   t   compare   it   to   a   34   high   end   34   dryer   but   within   this   price   range   it   s   1 .
five   stars   excelente ! ! ! !
good .   good .
girl   s   2nd   best   electronic   friend .   needed   a   new   dryer   and   have   been   shopping   around   for   a   while .   i   ve   looked   at   this   one   online   a   few   times   but   couldn   t   justify   the   price .   then   it   went   on   sale   and   i   jumped   on   it .   just   got   it ,   first   use .   it   s   not   silver ,   like   the   one   pictured ,   but   i   didn   t   buy   it   for   color   so   i   don   t   care   mine   is   kind   of   a   gunmetal   black   .   beautifully   packaged ,   easy   to   understand   directions   switches   and   they   should   be   i   m   drying   my   hair ,   not   launching   a   rocket   into   space   .   a   bit   heavier   than   my   last   dryer ,   but   not   uncomfortable .   i   did   notice   a   really   mild   chemical   odor ,   but   i   was   using   the   dryer   on   its   highest   setting   and   i   m   guessing   it   had   to   do   with   the   casing   heating   up .   the   odor   did   go   away   and   it   was   never   overpowering   and   didn   t   make   me   think   the   dryer   was   going   to   explode   in   my   hand   or   anything .   the   dryer   did   not   dry   my   thick ,   mid   back   length   hair   in   5   minutes   as   was   claimed   by   another   reviewer ,   i   think   but   it   did   significantly   decrease   my   drying   time .   took   about   22   minutes   down   from   40   50   and   would   still   have   damp   spots   ,   and   that   was   with   a   little   extra   time   fiddling   around   styling   because ..... my   hair   looks   awesome .   seriously .   i   could   be   in   a   hair   products   commercial   right   now ,   i   m   not   kidding .   i   feel   like   my   gorgeous   hair   is   going   to   waste   just   sitting   inside   writing   an   amazon   review ,   but   this   baby   deserves   it   so   i   sat   right   down   to   do   it .   i   would   have   never   believed   a   dryer   would   make   so   much   difference   otherwise   i   d   have   bought   this   ages   ago   ,   but   truly ,   i   look   like   i   just   walked   out   of   the   salon .   i   want   to   stockpile   these   so   i   never   have   to   live   without   it .   this   was   a   phenomenal   deal   on   sale ,   but   i   would   pay   full   price   and   then   some   knowing   what   i   know   now .
five   stars   loved ! ! !   my   hair   is   dry   in   less   than   5   minutes .   the   best .
glad   i   finally   wised   up   i   never   realized   that   spending   a   little   more   on   a   hairdryer   could   be   so   worth   it .   cut   my   drying   time   in   half .   i   ve   just   never   even   thought   of   ordering   a   higher   end   hair   dryer .   glad   i   finally   wised   up !
three   stars   not   as   strong   as   the   older   built   unit   with   same   stock   ,   name ,   and   specs .
a   air   power !   love   it .   finally   a   hairdryer   that   has   powerful   air ,   just   the   right   heat   settings ,   and   doesn   t   break   the   bank .   three   heat   settings   that   feel   like   they   should .   cold .   warm .   hot .   two   speed   settings ,   high   and   low .   very   happy   with   the   ease   of   selecting   what   i   want ,   plus   again   the   great   air   flow .   br   br   a   major   plus   is   not   having   the   high   pitch   screeching   whine   of   a   conair   or   so   many   other   brands .   for   such   power ,   the   allure   2200w   is   a   relatively   quiet   dryer .   on   a   noise   scale   of   10 ,   i   would   venture   to   say   between   34   4   34   and   34   6 ,   34   depending   on   the   settings .   for   comparison ,   i   would   rate   most   conairs   and   probably   most   other   blow   dryers   i   ve   used   at   between   7   10 .   not   dis   ing   conair ,   just   mostly   been   using   that   brand   for   the   past   decade .   br   br   my   only   wish   is   that   the   allure   buttons   were   on   the   right   side   as   opposed   to   facing   inside   toward   your   head   ,   as   i   find   the   buttons   a   tad   easy   to   inadvertently   press .   but   that   s   a   personal   preference .   maybe   you   ll   like   it   just   the   way   it   is .   on   the   other   hand ,   if   you   have   both   left   and   right   handed   family   members ,   this   might   be   a   good   solution .   br   br   either   way ,   i   personally   love   this   dryer .   five   stars .
...   of   these   in   a   hotel   while   on   vacation   and   liked   it   so   much   i   came   home   and   ordered   one   i   used   one   of   these   in   a   hotel   while   on   vacation   and   liked   it   so   much   i   came   home   and   ordered   one .   it   works   so   much   faster   than   my   older   one .
great   blowdryer   for   the   price   that   gets   the   job   done   great   blowdryer   for   the   price   that   gets   the   job   done .   however ,   the   34   high   34   setting   is   noisier   than   i   would   have   liked .
five   stars   good   ! ! ! !
i   like   using   this   dryer   overall ,   i   like   using   this   dryer ,   but   i   have   had   to   get   it   replaced   twice   in   less   than   three   years .   i   would   not   recommend   it ,   as   it   is   not   a   long   lasting   product .   my   most   recent   one   lasted   ten   months ,   and   it   didn   t   even   get   used   daily .
five   stars   professional   grade   in   my   home ! !
excellent   buy   at   this   price   point !   great   hair   dryer   for   the   price !
wow   that   was   fast !   i   got   this   because   my   old   hairdryer   was   starting   to   get   beat .   i   was   really   surprised   at   how   quickly   my   hair   dried   using   it .   i   have   long   hair   which   usually   takes   a   while   to   dry   and   literally   it   took   just   a   few   minutes   to   get   it   dry .   really   surprising .   and   it   wasnt   superhot   either .   i   also   had   more   shine ,   again   a   surprise .   i   dont   know   how   a   dryer   can   shine   your   hair   but   it   does .   i   didnt   expect   the   claims   on   the   box   to   really   be   true ,   particularyl   at   this   dryers   price .   a   great   deal !
perfect   for   my   post   workout   needs .   i   normally   do   not   use   a   hair   dryer   but   my   office   now   has   a   gym   after   working   out   i   don   t   want   my   very   long   hair   dripping   all   over   the   place .   my   hair   is   straight   so   i   do   not   need   the   diffuser   attachments   that   came   with   this   dryer .   i   was   surprised   at   how   quiet   this   hair   dryer   is   and   how   much   volume   of   warming   air   it   generates .   my   hair   was   dry   in   minutes .   this   dryer   is   light   and   very   efficient .   i   love   the   color .   very   impressive   addition   to   my   hair   care   regime .
i   love   how   it   folds   and   how   it   is   easy   to   ...   bought   this   to   take   on   a   trip   to   europe .   i   love   how   it   folds   and   how   it   is   easy   to   convert   the   voltage .   most   importantly ,   this   small   dryer   works   really   well !   great   purchase .... buy   it !
cuts   down   on   the   frizz !   this   really   works .   i   ve   tried   several   ceramic ,   ionic   dryers   in   the   past   few   years   and   i   saw   absolutely   no   difference   in   how   my   fine   ,   34   prone   to   frizz   in   humidity   34   hair   came   out   after   blowing   it   dry .   with   my   new   panasonic ,   my   hair   looks   smoother ,   less   frizzy   and   stays   that   way   during   the   day .   for   me ,   this   is   a   keeper !
light   and   powerful   light   and   powerful .   great   for   travel .   dries   your   hair   quickly .
was   a   winner   until   the   heating   element   gave   out   too   quickly   i   m   always   in   search   of   a   hair   dryer   that   can   blow   dry   my   thick ,   curly   hair   as   well   as   my   stylist   does .   i   know   i   know   it   s   the   person   not   the   tool .   when   she   dries   it ,   she   barely   has   to   touch   it   up   with   a   flat   iron .   when   i   dry   it   i   have   to   do   a   little   more   work   to   straighten   out   the   wavy   stragglers .   br   br   this   review   compares   the   revlon   1875w   tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   dryer ,   remington   t   studio   silk   ac   professional   hair   dryer ,   and   this   one   remington   damage   control   dc   ceramic   hair   dryer   .   br   br   all   of   them   have   br   same   wattage   br   three   heat   settings   br   two   speed   settings   br   cool   shot   feature   br   diffuser   and   concentrator   attachments   br   ionic   technology   br   ceramic   technology   br   hanging   loop   br   br   the   revlon   does   not   come   with   a   removable   filter ,   the   two   remingtons   do .   the   tstudio   doesn   t   say   it   on   the   box   or   description .   company   website   confirms   it .   revlon   and   remington   damage   control   have   tourmaline   technology ,   the   tstudio   does   not .   br   br   the   revlon   s   concentrator   attachment   stays   on .   the   remington   s   fall   off   often .   if   i   put   the   dryer   down   to   adjust   my   hair ,   it   comes   off   some   of   the   time .   it   s   hot   to   put   it   back   on .   br   br   all   three   take   about   the   same   time   to   dry   my   hair .   i   may   have   gotten   slightly   better   results   less   wavy   with   the   remingtons   than   with   the   revlon .   i   say   may   because   the   difference   wasn   t   large   enough   to   be   clear .   some   days   i   do   a   better   job   than   others .   human   error ,   you   know .   br   br   the   damage   control   felt   like   it   took   less   effort   and   the   reason   is   most   likely   because   it   s   the   lightest   of   the   three .   the   shell   of   the   dc   and   revlon   are   plastic   while   the   t   studio   uses   better   quality   materials .   but   it   could   be   the   better   quality   materials   that   make   it   heavier .   br   br   i   can   only   assume   the   dc   is   cheaper   than   the   t   studio   because   of   its   plastic   shell   even   though   it   has   tourmaline   technology ,   which   the   t   studio   does   not .   br   br   i   ve   yet   to   try   the   diffusers .   whenever   i   wear   my   hair   curly ,   i   let   it   dry   naturally .   that   s   the   whole   point   of   going   curly   not   having   to   do   any   hair   drying .   as   for   noise   i   can   t   answer   which   one   is   quietest   because   i   m   deaf .   it   s   not   a   good   idea   to   wear   hearing   aids   while   drying   wet   hair .   br   br   the   winner   the   remington   dc   because   it   takes   the   least   amount   of   effort   to   use   and   produces   the   same   results   as   the   others .   the   t   studio   is   just   too   heavy   and   the   revlon   doesn   t   perform   as   well   as   the   dc .   br   br   update   november   16 ,   2015   i   downgraded   the   dryer   from   5   stars   to   3   stars   because   the   heating   element   is   giving   out .   it   has   been   getting   as   hot   in   the   last   couple   of   weeks .   when   i   switched   back   to   an   older   dryer ,   i   could   see   a   big   difference .   lasted   only   three   months . enever   i   wear   my   hair   curly ,   i   let   it   dry   naturally .   that   s   the   whole   point   of   going   curly   not   having   to   do   any   hair   drying .   as   for   noise   i   can   t   answer   which   one   is   quietest   because   i   m   deaf .   it   s   not   a   good   idea   to   wear   hearing   aids   while   drying   wet   hair .   br   br   the   winner   the   remington   dc   because   it   takes   the   least   amount   of   effort   to   use   and   produces   the   same   results   as   the   others .   the   t   studio   is   just   too   heavy   and   the   revlon   doesn   t   perform   as   well   as   the   dc .   br   br   update   november   16 ,   2015   i   downgraded   the   dryer   from   5   stars   to   3   stars   because   the   heating   element   is   giving   out .   it   has   been   getting   as   hot   in   the   last   couple   of   weeks .   when   i   switched   back   to   an   older   dryer ,   i   could   see   a   big   difference .   lasted   only   three   months .
takes   twice   as   long   to   dry   my   hair   with   this   model   vs   other   remington   hair   dryers   i   have   multiple   remington   hairdryers   and   this   is   my   least   favorite .   it   is   loud   and   heavy   to   hold .   it   actually   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair   than   the   other   ones   i   own .   love   the   color ,   but   thats   about   it .   the   other   two   remington   hair   dryers   i   own   have   added   benefits   of   smoothing   or   taming   frizz ,   etc ...   this   one   doesn   t   do   any   of   that ...   it   s   just   a   normal ,   no   thrills   hair   dryer   and   takes   almost   twice   as   long   to   dry   my   hair   on   the   highest ,   hottest   setting   the   motor   doesn   t   seem   as   strong   in   this   one .   would   not   purchase   in   the   future .
great   blow   dryer ! !   love   this   dryer ! ! ! !   hair   dries   quicker   and   is   so   convenient   to   travel   with !
hands   down ... best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used .   a   hair   dryer   is   not   something   i   generally   replace   until   i   need   it .   mine   is   still   working ,   but   i   had   been   saying   for   a   while   that   i   needed   a   new   one .   i   ve   always   just   looked   at   it   as   something   that   blows   air   and   that   they   are   all   pretty   much   the   same .   after   using   this   one   a   few   times ,   i   will   never   say   that   again .   this   hair   dryer   is   awesome .   i   had   already   switched   my   curling   irons   to   ionic   ceramic   and   could   tell   a   big   difference ,   but   i   didn   t   realize   that   it   would   also   make   a   difference   in   a   hair   dryer .   not   only   does   it   dry   my   hair   faster ,   but   it   leaves   it   looking   much   more   healthy .   i   have   very   long   hair   and   even   though   i   take   good   care   of   it ,   i   had   noticed   that   it   was   looking   dull   and   dry .   the   first   time   i   used   this   dryer ,   i   could   tell   a   difference .   i   don   t   know   all   the   34   how   34   or   34   why   34   reasons ,   but   i   do   know   that   my   hair   didn   t   look   or   feel   like   all   the   moisture   had   been   stripped   from   it .   i   had   even   started   to   air   dry   my   hair   because   i   could   see   what   was   happening   to   it ,   but   that   takes   a   long   time   with   thick   ,   long   hair .   i   will   still   air   dry   when   i   have   the   time ,   but   now   i   feel   like   i   can   dry   my   hair   quickly   and   this   dryer   does   it   very   quick   ,   and   not   be   damaging   it .   i   don   t   use   the   high   heat   on   this   one   because   it   s   very   hot   and   my   fine   hair   wouldn   t   like   that ,   but   i   like   knowing   that   the   option   is   there   if   needed .   the   air   flow   with   this   is   massive ..... really   powerful ...   when   on   high ,   i   can   dry   my   hair   in   a   few   minutes ,   but   that   s   only   when   i   m   just   drying   it   to   put   in   a   ponytail .   medium   is   more   than   enough   airflow   to   dry   and   style   it ,   and   i   love   the   cool   setting .   when   i   used   a   round   brush   to   curl ,   i   finished   with   the   cool   setting   and   it   made   all   the   difference .   it   s   not   a   small   dryer ,   but   it   s   not   at   all   heavy   ,   especially   considering   the   power   that   it   contains .   br   they   include   a   little   card   explaining   that   their   products   are   made   by   women .   i   find   that   reassuring ,   since   most   men   that   i   know   don   t   really   use   one ,   therefore ,   how   could   they   know   what   we   need .   they   also   donate   a   portion   of   their   profits   to   charities   that   benefit   women .   between   that   and   the   fact   that   you   get   such   a   high   end ,   quality   made   product   for   such   a   reasonable   price ,   i   am   totally   sold   on   this   company .   you   can   tell   that   they   care   about   their   products .   i   highly   recommend   it .   i   can   t   imagine   anyone   not   loving   it .   br   i   did   receive   this   product   free   for   the   purpose   of   testing   and   reviewing   with   my   honest   opinion ,   and   i   couldn   t   be   happier   to   tell   you   how   wonderful   this   dryer   is . efore ,   how   could   they   know   what   we   need .   they   also   donate   a   portion   of   their   profits   to   charities   that   benefit   women .   between   that   and   the   fact   that   you   get   such   a   high   end ,   quality   made   product   for   such   a   reasonable   price ,   i   am   totally   sold   on   this   company .   you   can   tell   that   they   care   about   their   products .   i   highly   recommend   it .   i   can   t   imagine   anyone   not   loving   it .   i   did   receive   this   product   free   for   the   purpose   of   testing   and   reviewing   with   my   honest   opinion ,   and   i   couldn   t   be   happier   to   tell   you   how   wonderful   this   dryer   is .
bit   heavier   than   desired   but   overall   great   got   this   for   my   mom .   it   is   a   bit   heavier   than   she   d   like   but   overall   she   loves   it !
five   stars   great ... exactly   what   i   expected
good   things   come   in   small   packages   needed   to   get   a   less   powerful   blow   dryer   when   i   moved   to   a   place   with   crappy   outlets   that   were   killing   my   other   dryers .   the   minipro   is   super   tiny   and   looks   like   it   could   be   for   a   doll ,   but   surprisingly   works   great   for   me .   made   well   and   feels   sturdy .   my   dry   time   seems   to   be   shorter .   i   have   fine   hair   though .   my   stepdaughter   has   long   medium   hair   and   it   dried   her   pretty   quick   as   well .   love   the   color .   very   light   weight   and   will   be   perfect   for   travel .   especially   love   the   travel   bag   it   comes   with ,   so   cute !   been   using   this   dryer   a   few   weeks   now   and   no   complaints .   only   wish   is   that   it   had   a   cool   setting .
perfect   heat   settings   and   easy   to   hold .   quiet ,   excellent   drying ,   doesn   t   get   dangerously   hot .
worth   the   heavy   price !   really   enjoying   this   dryer .   works   really   well   for   my   curly   hair .   i   had   a   really   nice   pricey   dryer ,   similar   to   this   one ,   for   years   and   when   it   gave   out   i   bought   a   dept   store   30   dryer .   i   noticed   immediately   that   my   hair   was   getting   frizzy .   i   used   that   for   several   months   and   then   finally   decided   to   break   down   and   shell   out   the   cash   for   this   dryer .   so   glad   that   i   did .   br   br   i   mostly   use   it   with   the   curl   diffuser   on   warm   heat .   i   get   great   curls   and   less   frizz .   on   occasion   i   use   the   directional   attachment   to   straighten   my   bangs   or   all   of   my   hair   and   i   love   that   too .   makes   my   hair   silky   smooth .   br   br   the   last   time   i   bathed   my   dog   i   used   the   other   nozzle   that   is   supposed   to   be   34   quick   dry .   34   that   was   really   amazing .   dried   my   little   dog   in   no   time .   i   was   happy   and   she   seemed   to   be   relieved .   i   imagine   that   if   you   don   t   need   to   worry   about   frizz ,   this   quick   dry   nozzle   would   be   great   if   you   re   in   a   hurry .   br   br   i   ve   had   this   for   several   weeks   and   i   would   recommend   it .   hoping   this   one   lasts   quite   a   while !
be   careful !   nice   little   unit   but   it   will   fry   your   body   parts   if   you   re   not   careful .   very   powerful .
can   t   beat   the   power   for   the   price !   this   thing   is   awesome ! !   small ,   compact ,   powerful .   this   thing   stores   well   as   it   folds   up ,   for   those   of   us   that   have   limited   bathroom   space   and   cabinets   or   travel   often .   conair   has   been   making   quality   products   for   years   and   they   have   always   been   affordable .
it   s   not   perfect .   it   s   ok   for   the   price .   br   br   the   plastic   feels   cheap ,   the   sliding   button   occasionally   is   difficult   to   move   and   when   removing   the   difusser ,   i   feel   as   i   may   break   it .   the   plug   isn   t   the   most   secure   either ,   seeming   to   fit   loosely   in   the   socket .   despite   this ,   it   gets   hot   enough   for   my   needs   and   hasn   t   failed   me   yet   after   about   6   months   of   use .   if   you   need   a   cheap   blow   dryer   this   is   a   great   pick .
we   have   bought   at   least   6   of   these ..   ...   we   have   bought   at   least   6   of   these .... and   they   all   inexplicably   die   within   a   matter   of   one   year ! !   i   should   have   stopped   ordering   replacements ,   lazy   on   our   part   so   we   could   just   use   the   same   wall   mounts .   time   to   try   another   brand ! ! !
disappointed   was   a   great   dryer .   loved   it .   however   it   burned   out   within   2   months .
great   dryer   for   the   price !   i   received   this   item   as   a   test   product   for   the   vine   review   program ,   but   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   for   a   low   price .   it   has   1875   watts ,   which   is   25   more   than   most ,   and   more   ion   presentation   for   quicker   hair   drying .   ions   are   funny   things   ionized   air   respells   water ,   and   deionized   water   falls   off   easier ,   so   if   there   was   a   way   you   could   wash   your   hair   in   di   water ,   you   would   really   have   it   made ,   cleaner   hair   that   dries   very   fast ,   but   i   digress .   this   dryer   does   the   job   of   a   much   more   expensive   professional   dryer ,   it   is   a   good   buy !
four   stars   great
everything   about   it   seems   great .   i   was   afraid   that   this   hair   dryer   would   not   be   top   quality   because   of   the   price .   however ,   everything   about   it   seems   great .
no   good !   i   ve   only   had   this   for   about   six   months   and   it   s   goes   off   and   on   while   i   m   using   it .   then   today   after   the   dryer   had   been   off   for   over   an   hour   it   started   humming   as   if   it   were   quot   stuck   quot   on .   can   t   return   because   it   doesn   t   fall   withing   amazons   return   time ! ! !   not   not   not   happy ...   do   not   buy ! ! ! ! !
i   like   the   dryer   i   know   this   will   sound   silly   ...   i   like   the   dryer   i   know   this   will   sound   silly   but   the   color   in   the   picture   is   the   reason   i   chose   this   one   but   it   is   not   hot   pink   as   it   looks   in   the   picture   it   is   more   like   a   peto   bismol   color .   other   than   that   it   is   fine .
great   dryer   this   dryer   leaves   my   hair   shiny   and   soft ,   has   good   variety   of   settings ,   and   that   necessary   cool   shot   of   air   to   set   my   hair   for   the   day .   highly   recommend !   can   t   beat   the   price   point .
awesome !   love   this !   great   power ,   adjustable   speeds ,   works   awesome !
five   stars   excelente
four   stars   love   it ! !
fine   for   my   short   hair   nothing   to   complaint   about   its   functions .   however ,   it   is   way   too   heavy   to   hold   for   more   than   a   few   minutes .   fine   for   my   short   hair ,   but   not   for   my   daughter   s   long   hair .
five   stars   best   cheap   hair   dryer   ever
five   stars   love   this   blow   dryer !
worked   wonderfully   was   for   my   mother   who   has   always   used   one .   it   worked   wonderfully   for   her .   she   liked   the   settings   for   heat   control .   that   was   a   big   concern   for   her .
four   stars   works   very   good   for   the   price   but   wow   it   is   very   heavy   and   takes   time   to   get   use   to
five   stars   perfect   dryer
not   good ! !   the   hair   dryer   is   also   heavy   and   ...   for   the   price   and   based   on   other   reviewers   ,   i   was   expecting   a   lot   more .   i   have   very   long ,   thick   hair   and   the   sedu   revolution   does   dry   my   hair   faster   cut   about   10   minutes   off   drying   time   however ,   it   actually   makes   my   hair   more   frizzy !   not   good ! !   the   hair   dryer   is   also   heavy   and   loud ! ! !   based   on   the   packaging ,   it   looks   like   i   received   a   previously   used   blow   dryer   that   someone   else   returned .   i   would   never   recommend   this   blow   dryer   to   anyone !
five   stars   great   blow   dry   .   shiny   hair   and   fast   blow   dry
one   hot   dryer !   awesome   dryer ,   i   have   been   looking   for   something   like   this   for   quite   sometime !
worth   the   money   i   love   that   this   has   3   different   heat   settings .   cuts   drying   time   in   half   without   using   too   much   heat .   if   i   had   to   have   one   complaint ,   the   dryer   itself   is   a   little   heavy ,   other   than   that   it   s   perfect .
comfortable   to   hold   sleek ,   comfortable   to   hold ,   works   great .   so   happy   that   i   purchased   this   item .
great ! !   great ,   lightweight ,   use   every   day   for   past   year   almost   love   it ! !   best   price   too !
five   stars   cheap   and   comfortable ,   defenetly   worth   it
two   stars   it   stopped   working   today   after   working   wonderfully   for   a   few   months  
great   price   for   a   well   made   hairdryer   this   is   a   nice   basic   hairdryer .   we   have   a   big   family   and   own   several   remington   hairdryers .   this   one   is   in   the   kids   bathroom .   with   its   smaller   grip   it   s   a   good   size   for   older   kids   and   teens   to   use .   it   dries   hair   fairly   quickly ,   on   par   with   most   other   dryers   we   ve   owned .   we   keep   it   on   a   command   adhesive   hook   above   the   outlet   to   the   side   of   the   sinks .   the   cord   has   a   good   sized   built   in   loop   for   hanging .   br   br   i   was   really   happy   to   find   that   it   comes   with   both   a   wide ,   flat   nozzle   for   straightening   as   well   as   a   diffuser   for   curly   styles .   my   fancy   high   end   dryer   didn   t   come   with   a   diffuser   and   it   took   forever   to   find   one   that   fit .   i   also   like   that   it   has   a   cool   button ,   no   need   to   slide   a   button   up   and   down   to   set   a   style   with   cool   air .   br   br   my   one   complaint   is   that   this   dryer   is   a   bit   noisier   than   the   other   remington   dryers   we   have .   it   s   not   so   noisy   that   it   consider   it   loud   for   a   hairdryer   but   if   you   re   searching   for   a   quiet   model   know   this   one   is   average   to   slightly   above   average   as   far   as   noise   goes .   br   br   all   in   all   i   m   impressed   with   this   hairdryer .   it   s   a   fantastic   value   at   this   price   point .   all   our   other   remington   s   have   lasted   years .
doesn   t   break   easily   it   has   a   good   quality ,   i   remember   my   daughter   always   on   a   hurry   and   sometimes   drops   this   dryer   on   the   floor   and   its   still   on   one   piece ,   that   is   so   great ,   it   didn   t   break   easily
high   setting   stopped   working   on   second   use   delivery   was   fast ,   within   a   week .   the   first   time   using   it   i   noticed   that   on   all   3   settings   the   air   is   just   warm ,   doesn   t   get   very   hot ,   which   i   thought   wasn   t   that   big   of   a   deal   considering   my   hair   is   bleached   and   i   shouldn   t   be   putting   a   lot   of   heat   on   it   anyway .   the   second   time   i   used   it   the   high   setting   just   didn   t   work ,   i   switched   it   from   medium   to   high   and   it   just   turned   off   when   on   the   high   setting .   i   had   already   thrown   out   the   packaging   at   this   point   so   since   it   was   only   like   13   i   didn   t   feel   like   it   was   really   even   worth   it   to   try   to   return .
love   it   ! !   amazing   ! !   amazing   dryer   ! !   it   makes   my   hair   soft   and   easy   dry .   even   though   the   price   is   expensive   but   i   really   recommend   this   product   to   others   !   i   like   pink   color   very   pretty .   very   useful   ! ! ! !
the   best   hair   dryer   for   anyone !   i   really   do   like   it !   it   is   so   handy   and   drys   my   hair   very   good .   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone   that   needs   a   hair   dryer .
four   stars   my   wife   love   it ,   its   not   heavi   and   powerfull
its   pink   and   brown   i   mean   it   works   well .   i   just   wish   they   d   label   this   as   pink   and   brown .
five   stars   excellent   product ,   and   dries   my   long   thick   hair   very   fast .
five   stars   works   excellent .   light   weight   also   which   i   like   very   much .
ok   for   a   backup   or   basic   hair   dryer   this   is   a   decent   hair   dryer ,   and   we   usually   buy   the   less   expensive   ones   because   they   seem   to   last   as   long ,   if   not   longer ,   than   more   expensive   ones .   on   this   one ,   the   handle   doesn   t   fold ,   which   is   kind   of   a   pain   for   storing ,   and   it   only   has   two   heat   settings ,   which   my   wife   found   to   be   either   too   hot   and   not   hot   enough ,   so   she   went   back   to   her   old   one .   the   removable   filter   is   a   simple   plastic   screen   that   screws   off   of   the   back   so   it   can   be   washed .   it   s   nothing   special ,   but   it   s   a   nice   touch   that   you   can   remove   it   vs .   trying   to   get   all   the   gunk   out   while   wrangling   the   rest   of   the   dryer .   we   don   t   use   the   attachments   for   curly   hair ,   so   while   they   were   included   and   seem   durable ,   we   d   not   be   able   to   say   how   well   they   work .   at   any   rate ,   it   s   a   good   dryer   we   ll   keep   in   the   guest   bathroom   and   can   serve   as   a   functional   backup .
solid ! ! !   bought   this   as   a   damaged   box   item .   it   was   in   perfect   condition .   it   is   a   professional   hairdryer   so   keep   in   mind   it   is   solid   somewhat   heavier   than   your   basic ,   cheap   home   brand .
hair   dryer   has   a   good   weight   to   it   and   it   feels   solidly   built   the   accent   parts   are   pink .. a   light   34   princess   34   pink ... something   that   is   not   totally   obvious   on   a   mobile   screen .   not   a   big   deal ,   but   i   would   prefer   white   or   black .   hair   dryer   has   a   good   weight   to   it   and   it   feels   solidly   built .   hot   cold   function   works   fine .   i   would   like   a   bit   more   volume   to   the   air ,   something   that   all   newer   hair   driers   seem   to   lack .   i   have   one   from   1991   that   is   like   a   tornado   on   its   highest   setting .
too   weak   everything   about   this   hairdryer   seems   nice ,   except   for   the   power .   it   is   so   weak .   i   do   have   thick   hair   but   have   another   conair   that   is   much   more   powerful .   br   i   would   have   returned   this ,   but   was   able   to   swap   with   a   friend   who   has   thin   hair .
five   stars   very   good
five   stars   it   gets   the   job   done !
i   love   this   hair   dryer   small   light   and   powerful .   i   love   this   hair   dryer .
works   as   advertised   dries   my   fine   curly   hair   quickly .   good   price ,   too .
great   blowdryer !   great   blowdryer   ! !   i   looked   up   for   reviews   before   i   purchased   and   i   could   not   be   happier !   drys   really   fast   and   its   very   hot ! ! !
bought   two ,   i   liked   it   so   much !   found   this   gem   in   a   hotel   in   savannah   and   liked   it   so   much   i   took   a   photo   and   found   it   on   amazon .   bought   two ,   one   for   each   bathroom .
five   stars   excelente
awesome   awesome
adorable   and   great   for   fine   hair .   works   great !   it   s   so   cute !   wonderfully   small   and   pretty   hot   pink   color .   it   does   the   job !   i   have   fine   hair   and   this   dryer   doesn   t   overpower   me   or   my   hair .   nice   and   lightweight .   you   might   think ,   oh ,   this   little   thing   isn   t   going   to   do   anything ,   but   it   does !   highly   recommended   for   fine   hair .
good   gift   bought   this   for   my   girlfriend ,   she   loves   it .   can   t   give   it   a   5   because   she   doesn   t   believe   in   them ,   and   i   haven   t   used   it   for   myself   seeing   how   my   hair   is   nearly   to   my   scalp   haha .
five   stars   worked   in   middle   east
five   stars   love   these
fast   shipping   has   lots   of   power   my   friend   recommended   this   blower   she   loves   it   so   i   am   very   ...   fast   shipping   has   lots   of   power   my   friend   recommended   this   blower   she   loves   it   so   i   am   very   excited   to   use   mine
n   a   used   once   recently   cut   hair   sure   to   use   it   again   after   hot   weather   ends .
does   not   work   did   not   work ,   return   policy   do   not   allows   you   to   return .   this   product   was   defective ,   sucks   i   can   not   return   it .   save   your   bucks   and   do   not   buy   it !
elchim   professional   2001   clasic   hair   dryer   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   powerful ,   quiet   and   dries   my   hair   in   less   time   than   previous   dryers .   br   i   have   the   elchim   for   european   current   and   thought   it   worked   so   well   that   i   decided   to   buy   one   that   uses   us   current .   br   i   highly   recommend   this   elchim   product !
your   hair   will   look   amazing !   the   best   hair   dryer   ever !   we   traveled   to   nyc   over   the   summer .   at   the   seton   hotel ,   these   were   the   hair   dryers   they   had   for   guests   to   use .   my   hair   was   not   dry .   it   had   a   variety   of   settings   and   was   not   noisy .   i   came   home   immediately   an   ordered   one .   wen   shampoo   and   this   hair   dryer   word   well   together .  
still   would   recommend .   unfortunately ,   the   heat   element   went   out   in   my   dryer   less   than   one   year   into   owning   it .   the   product   is   light   and   quieter   than   most   dryers   i   have   owned .   definitely   made   my   hair   softer .   still   would   recommend .
five   stars   i   like   the   hair   dryer
great   for   curly   hair ! !   i   have   3b   curly   hair   and   the   diffuser   attachment   works   amazing ,   it   doesn   t   make   my   hair   frizzy   but   provides   a   lift   to   my   roots .   the   dryer   is   super   lightweight   and   is   very   quite .   i   keep   it   on   low   and   the   power   is   still   amazing ,   it   cut   my   hair   routine   by   half .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   to   anyone   with   3b   curly   hair .
short   lived   i   bought   this   in   march   and   by   july   it   stopped   blowing   hot   air .   it   s   such   a   shame   because   it   was   a   really   great   hair   dryer   when   it   was   working .   i   noticed   other   reviewers   have   said   the   same   thing ,   which   makes   me   think   it   s   a   flaw   in   the   design .
quiet   and   powerful ,   but   buttons   could   be   better ...   excellent   hair   dryer ,   but   my   impression   is   that   the   controls   could   be   a   little   more   ergonomic .   quieter   than   most   hair   dryers ,   i   particularly   like   the   small   rubber   nubs   on   the   side   which   help   keep   it   on   your   counter .   3   fan   settings   and   2   heat   settings   3   if   you   include   heat   off   plus   a   34   cool   shot   34   button .
please   don   t   buy   this   item   please   don   t   buy   this .   i   used   this   for   just   3   or   4   times   and   now   started   getting   coil   burning   smell   when   i   turn   it   on .   it   should   go   to   trash   now .
like   these   for   my   rentals ,   but ..   had   one   to   quit   on   me   although   it   s   brand   new   i   like   the   looks   of   these   and   have   purchased   a   number   of   them   for   the   rentals   i   manage   as   they   mount   on   the   wall .   out   of   about   six   i   ve   bought ,   i   have   had   one   that   i   purchased   in   may   2015   to   quit   working ,   although   it   s   had   very   little   use .   but ,   i   am   replacing   it   with   the   same   type .
one   star   too   heavy .
exceeded   expectations   i   am   quite   a   fan   of   remington   hair   dryers   and   while   my   old   one   is   still   quite   functional ,   i   prefer   the   newer   remington   ac2015c   t   studio   silk   ac   professional   hair   dryer .   the   newer   model   has   basically   the   exact   same   functions   as   my   older ,   far   more   expensive   model   1875   watt   motor ,   two   attachments ,   the   heat   settings ,   three   speeds ,   and   a   cold   air   setting .   the   newer   remington   ac2015c   is   heavier ,   which   i   actually   prefer ,   the   attachments   are   about   50   smaller ,   another   bonus   for   me ,   as   i   already   have   straight ,   thin   hair ,   and   the   other   attachments   were   too   much   attachment   for   my   needs .   this   ceramic   model   has   a   coating   that   i   like   it   keeps   my   hands   from   slipping .   the   control   buttons   are   still   on   the   underside   of   the   handle ,   which   i   prefer ,   as   it   is   easier   to   adjust ,   in   my   opinion .   this   model   appears   to   dry   my   hair   faster   than   my   older ,   more   expensive   model ,   and   both   offer   a   smooth ,   frizz   free   finish .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer ,   it   does   what   it   says   it   does   and   the   price   is   fantastic .
good   use .   it   s   very   compact   good   use .   it   s   very   compact .   make   sure   to   buy   plug   head   adapters   because   it   is   dual   voltage   use   but   you   still   need   head   adapters   to   fit   the   sockets   abroad .
love   it .   dryer   was   delivered   on   time .   it   is   powerful ,   dries   my   short   hair   in   2   minutes   and   isn   t   heavy .   love   it .
perfect !   it   arrived   within   2   3   days   and   works   perfectly .   i   have   thick ,   frizzy ,   curly   hair   and   never   have   been   able   to   blow   dry   it   because   it   gets   so   much   poofier .   however ,   with   the   diffuser   this   blow   dryer   made   my   curls   shiny   and   soft ,   no   frizz   or   poof ,   i   m   in   love !
five   stars   very   nice
works   great   and   very   portable   when   we   travel   in   our   rv   hard   to   find   a   small ,   lightweight   travel   dryer   that   we   use   everyday .   works   great   and   very   portable   when   we   travel   in   our   rv .   would   buy   again .
can   t   turn   the   voltage   switch   the   hair   dryer   is   fine   if   you   don   t   need   to   change   the   voltage ,   but   i   bought   it   for   international   traveling ,   and   it   s   a   big   con   for   me   that   the   switch   doesn   t   turn   to   250   volts .   it   looks   as   though   it   can   easily   turn   with   a   coin .   do   not   be   fooled .   it   s   impossible   to   turn   the   switch   to   250   volts .   i   stripped   the   switch   bare   trying   to   turn   the   damn   thing .   i   can   barely   see   where   the   arrow   is ,   which   points   to   which   voltage   setting   it   s   at .   luckily   for   me   sarcasm   ,   mine   is   permanently   at   125   volts .   maybe   mine   was   faulty ,   but   i   was   definitely   not   happy   with   this   product .   would   not   recommend   to   a   friend .   two   stars   only   because   the   hair   dryer   itself   works   fine   and   because   it   s   cheap .
five   stars   excelent
great   performance   the   hair   dryer   is   great .   multiple   hear   and   speed   options .   i   would   have   given   it   five   stars   except   for   that   fact   that   the   funnel   tip   does   pop   off   too   easily   if   bumped   by   a   brush .
great !   excellent   hairdryer ,   folds   up   nicely ,   haven   t   had   the   opportunity   to   test   it   on   240v   yet ,   but   i   m   sure   it   ll   do   just   fine .   turning   the   dial   on   the   handle   locks   you   out   of   putting   it   on   the   high   setting   whenever   you   re   using   it   with   240v ,   which   is   a   really   user   friendly   addition .   you   re   not   suppose   to   use   it   on   high   with   240v   according   to   the   manual .  
five   stars   works   great ,   no   need   to   purchase   a   hairdryer   with   a   price   tag   higher   than   this ...
my   wife   loves   it   i   did   good   on   this   one   it   will   seriously   dim   the   lights   in   your   house ,   but   man   can   it   dry   hair !
this   item   is   great !   great   price   and   the   best   thing   i   like   ...   this   item   is   great !   br   great   price   and   the   best   thing   i   like   is   that   i   ll   be   able   to   use   it   any   where   in   the   world .   thanks   much
space   saver   nice   dryer   and   very   handy   wall   mount .
the   hair   dryer   had   great   power   and   dried   my   hair   really   fast   the   hair   dryer   had   great   power   and   dried   my   hair   really   fast   however ,   it   caught   fire   in   less   than   a   month .   i   had   to   send   it   back .
girlfriend   loves   it   bought   this   for   my   girlfriend .   she   loves   it !
five   stars   dryer   works   very   well   for   , me !
it   s   quiet !   this   hair   drier   is   great ,   mostly   because   it   is   much   quieter   than   most   others .   this   is   a   big   plus ,   especially   for   shared   bathrooms .   it   comes   with   a   couple   adapter   pieces   that   either   diffuse   the   air   or   focus   it ,   depending   on   what   your   hair   is   like .   it   is   clearly   very   nice   quality .   the   only   thin   that   would   be   nice   is   a   retractable   cord ,   but   that   is   a   small   quibble .   highly   recommended !
ok   while   it   worked .   i   have   ordered   this   hair   dryer   less   than   a   year   ago   and   it   is   already   broken .   the   retractable   cord   stopped   fully   retracting   after   about   4   months .   after   11   months ,   the   high   and   medium   settings   quit   working   and   only   low   is   still   operational .   i   expect   a   hair   dryer   to   last   more   than   a   year .
im   a   dude   first   off .   at   first   i   thought   ...   im   a   dude   first   off .   at   first   i   thought   it   was   real   heavy   then   i   got   used   to   it   however   this   is   my   first   hair   dryer   as   i   am   growing   my   hair   longer .   ladies   beware   of   the   weight   however   it   drys   my   hair   very   quickly   its   about   4   in   all   the   way   around   right   now   and   takes   about   30sec   tops   completely   dry .   when   you   buy   it   there   is   multiple   settings   you   just   have   to   play   with   the   two   switches   that   flip   up   and   down .   not   pictured   it   comes   with   a   funnel   and   the   funnel   with   the   comb   on   both   sides ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   br   im   1   for   1   br   take   my   advice   at   your   own   risk .
nice   dryer   this   is   a   very   nice   hair   dryer   that   does   the   job   well .   i   have   medium   length   hair   and   the   dryer   dried   it   quickly .   i   hate   to   dry   my   hair ,   so   that   is   a   big   plus   factor   for   me .   it   s   comfortable   to   hold ,   not   too   heavy .   controls   are   easy   to   use .   i   didn   t   need   the   do   anything   fancy ,   so   i   used   it   as   i   do   every   other   hair   dryer .   the   box   says   it   s   professional ,   used   in   salons .   hair   dressers   could   comment   more   on   the   differences   between   dryers .   i   m   not   too   picky   about   it   as   long   as   it   isn   t   uncomfortable   to   use   and   works   well .   this   one   is   just   fine   for   me .   i   d   recommend .
five   stars   best   light   weight   powerful   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .
five   stars   this   is   a   sturdy ,   powerful   hair   dryer .   my   stylist   recommended   it   and   it   does   not   disappoint ! !
be   wary   lasted   just   over   one   year ! ! !   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   just   over   a   year   379   days   to   be   exact   and   this   morning   when   i   went   to   turn   it   on ,   no   dice .   dead .   i   have   had   conair   hair   dryers   that   have   cost   20   last   longer   than   this   one , so   to   say   i   m   unhappy   is   an   understatement !   i   don   t   even   use   it   everyday   maybe   3   times   per   week   and   last   summer ,   i   left   it   while   i   traveled   for   over   2   months ,   so   the   life   of   this   this   thing   was   seriously   short .   beware  
we   like   it ...   we   like   this   little   beast   around   here ,   i   have   short   thick   somewhat   unruly   hair ,   my   daughter   has   long   curly   naughty   at   times   hair .   it   works   well   for   both   of   us .   it   got   the   job   done   fast   with   out   being   uncomfortably   hot   and   feeling   very   heavy .   that   s   not   to   say   its   very   small   or   it   would   not   make   the   best   grab   and   go   pack   it   up   dryer ,   but   its   no   cumbersome   either .   it   left   out   hair   very   manageable ,   love   the   two   extensions   and   option   for   different   heat   and   speed   settings .   remington   makes   quality   items   for   a   fair   price .   we   like   it .
good   weight ,   feel   and   ergonomics   using   this   with   little   kids   and   big   adults .   this   is   an   extra   dryer   we   use   upstairs   after   the   kids   take   their   baths .   br   br   ergonomics   is   good   and   you   don   t   accidentally   press   any   buttons   while   holding   it   at   various   angles .   the   fan   speeds   are   powerful   and   the   different   heat   settings   are   definitely   appreciated .   also ,   it   has   the   typical   34   cool   shot   34   button .   br   br   it   comes   with   a   blade   diverter   attachment   as   well   as   a   volumizer   attachment .   br   br   the   length   of   the   cord   is   reasonable   even   with   a   1   yr   old   running   around .   br   br   the   weight   and   feel   are   good   as   well   as   it   has   a   high   quality   feel   to   it ,   perhaps   the   ceramic   coating   or   so ,   doesn   t   feel   plastic   y   at   all .   we   would   definitely   recommend   this   to   any   household   from   little   toddlers   to   adults .
great   little   dynamo !   i   really   like   this   product .   it   s   compact ,   but   powerful ,   and   pretty   lightweight .   does   a   good   job   drying   my   fine   hair   i   ve   fine   hair ,   but   a   lot   of   it   in   scant   minutes .   the   only   thing   it   isn   t ,   is   quiet ,   but   they   don   t   advertise   it   as   such   just   pointing   it   out   though .   i   m   very   pleased   with   it .
defective   switch   on   the   product .   when   i   first   received   this   i   absolutely   loved   it .   great   power ,   the   cord   was   sturdy   and   extra   long ,   and   it   worked   really   well .   however ,   i   am   returning   it   for   a   refund ,   because   one   month   after   getting   it ,   the   34   hi   lo   34   switch   stopped   working   and   it   would   only   work   on   34   high   34   .   i   thought   i   could   live   with   that   but   this   morning   when   i   was   using   it   the   switch   in   the   handle   started   feeling   really   hot   and   smoke   started   coming   out   of   it .   so   i   don   t   know   if   it   was   just   a   fluke   and   this   particular   one   was   defective ,   or   if   it   is   something   that   happens   often   with   this   model .   i   was   really   disappointed   though   because   i   was   really   pleased   with   it   when   it   was   working   as   it   was   supposed   to .
with   the   exception   of   colors ,   this   appears   to   be   ...   with   the   exception   of   colors ,   this   appears   to   be   the   same   as   an   earlier   model   of   the   same   brand   i   owned .   that   was   reliable   for   several   years   until   slowing   speed   required   replacement .
four   stars   it   works   pretty   good   for   the   money ...
do   not   like   terrible   blowdryer .   scary   to   use   as   it   sparks .
tried   and   true   tried   and   true .   my   last   conair   lasted   15   years .   i   was   so   glad   to   see   the   style   was   still   available .   compact ,   but   has   power .
worth   the   long   wait   this   hair   dryer   was   out   of   stock   for   more   than   2   months .   i   even   tried   xtava . com   to   buy   this   hair   dryer   but   to   no   avail .   i   contacted   their   customer   service   but   they   just   asked   me   to   wait   so   i   waited   and   waited .   i   didn   t   want   to   buy   any   other   hair   dryer .   i   just   had   to   have   this   hair   dryer   because   of   its   2200w   power   and   nice   design .   consequently ,   i   ended   up   having   to   endure   the   life   of   no   hair   dryer   for   nearly   3   months .   but ,   after   using   this   hair   dryer   today   for   the   first   time .   i   absolutely   do   not   regret   the   long   wait .
just   okay   the   hairdryer   blows   air   very   softly   if   that   s   such   a   thing .   needs   more   power ,   i   feel   like   it   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair .
drys   in   half   the   time   and   stores   easily .   birthday   present   for   the   wife   after   she   used   one   at   a   hotel .   drys   in   half   the   time   and   stores   easily .
quality   blow   dryer   at   an   inexpensive   price .   this   dryer   is   lightweight ,   yet   has   a   quality   feel   to   it .   it   fits   your   hand   well ,   has   nice   adjustability ,   an   dries   your   hair   well   without   over   drying   it .   br   br   i   think   the   price   is   quite   reasonable   too .   seems   like   a   product   that   will   last ,   and   of   course   it   s   not   a   34   no   name   34   product ,   but   a   remington ,   so   presumably   the   quality   is   there .   br   br   a   nice   dryer   at   a   nice   price .   5   stars .
i   got   a   new   one   and   was   pleased   to   find   the   design   was   the   same   my   old   one   broke   down   after   only   about   20   years   of   hard   work .   i   got   a   new   one   and   was   pleased   to   find   the   design   was   the   same .   why   get   off   a   winner .   works   well   and   easy   to   pack .
five   stars   works   good   for   me ,   no   problems   and   i   use   it   damn   near   everyday
does   the   job ,   but   not   what   i   expected .   does   the   job , but   not   what   i   expected .
great   for   home ,   cottage ,   motels   hotels   works   great   in   my   cottage   up   north .   br   recommended   to   hotel   motel   owners   who   want   a   secure   way   to   provide   a   hairdryer   to   guests ,   without   losing   it .
works   great !   my   girls   say   this   works   great .   much   better   than   their   old   one .   dries   hair   fast !
smooth   transaction   !   love   the   product .   very   fast   shipping .
i   really   like   this   product   i   really   like   this   product .   the   cord   seems   to   be   way   longer   than   what   i   am   used   to .   i   really   like   the   tools   it   comes   with ...
three   stars   good   functionality   but   too   heavy !
installation   was   difficult .   a   small   plastic   piece   cracked   during   ...   installation   was   difficult .   a   small   plastic   piece   cracked   during   installation ,   which   caused   us   to   have   to   install   a   different   way .   i   wish   the   hair   dryer   carrier   was   smaller .
works   great   i   have   both   straight   and   curly   hair   blow   dryer   round   brush ,   straight .   a   little   curl   spray   diffuser ,   curly   ,   so   i   ve   owned   tons   of   blow   dryers .   this   diffuser   is   great .   i   diffuse   with   my   hair   upside   down   it   gives   me   big   full   curls .   others   have   said   their   long   hair   has   gotten   stuck   in   it   that   hasn   t   been   the   case   for   me .   only   reason   i   gave   it   4   stars   not   5   is   because   it   s   larger   heavier   than   i   expected .
great !   love   this   dryer !   i   noticed   a   big   difference   after   using   just   once .   hair   felt   healthier !
the   onei   is   just   perfect !   i   really   like   that   is   has   an   ion   ...   ve   been   through   three   hair   dryers   in   the   past   year .   one   of   them   broke   after   a   short   fall   from   my   hand   to   the   bathroom   counter   seriously   ,   the   second   one   always   got   too   hot   and   stunk   up   my   bathroom ,   even   on   the   lowest   hear   setting   grrrr ...   and   then   there   was   the   onei .   br   br   the   onei   is   just   perfect !   i   really   like   that   is   has   an   ion   activation   switch   in   the   handle .   when   you   turn   on   the   dryer ,   you   can   hear   it   speed   and   warm   up   there   isn   t   that   sudden   blast   of   metal   smelling   heat   like   the   cheaper   dryers   i   ve   owned .   i   definitely   recommend   the   onei   to   anyone   who   wants   a   quality   dryer .
five   stars   perfect   light   weight .
two   stars   the   cap   is   very   small   and   tight .   i   had   to   take   it   off   after   10   mins .
it   s   meh   the   string   is   too   tight   around   the   head .   i   wish   they   would   bring   back   the   gold   bonnet   one   back .   i   had   to   settle   for   this   one   because   i   couldn   t   find   that   other   one .   but   i   m   not   a   real   fan   of   this   but   it   still   gets   the   job   done .
safety   issue   within   less   than   four   months ,   i   noticed   a   fiery   red   glow   within   the   barrel   and   had   to   stop   using   for   fear   of   my   hair   catching   on   fire .   the   company   was   nice   enough   to   refund   my   money   once   i   could   finally   get   hold   of   someone   note   there   are   no   phone   numbers   provided   with   the   dryer   or   on   their   website   ,   however   i   do   not   recommend   due   to   safety   issues .
excellent !   excellent   product !   excellent   customer   service .
one   star   problems   using   with   uk   adaptor
five   stars   good
the   hose   and   bonnet   does   not   stay   connected .   it   ...   the   hose   and   bonnet   does   not   stay   connected   .   it   needs   to   have   way   to   lock   it   in   place .
i   ve   had   3   of   these   hair   druers   and   was   happy   with   them   because   of   the   folding   feature   i   ve   had   3   of   these   hair   druers   and   was   happy   with   them   because   of   the   folding   feature .   the   last   one   i   purchased   through   amazon   stopped   heating   correctly   within   2   weeks   of   use .   thats   just   poor ....
disappointing   for   my   waves   meh ,   it   just   doesn   t   work   that   well   for   me .   i   think   the   diffuser   needs   to   be   smaller   and   curved   more   to   better   fit   the   shape   of   a   person   s   head .   somehow   my   wavy   curls   end   up   being   too   smooshed   flat   against   my   head ,   then   sticking   out   toward   the   ends .   not   a   fan ,   wish   i   hadn   t   tossed   the   box .
four   stars   it   was   ordered   for   a   friend   whose   wife   runs   a   beauty   shop   and   he   says   it   working   fine
uncomfortably   heavy   this   blow   dryer   arrived   compliments   of   the   vine   program .   it   is   supposed   to   dry   hair   quickly   and   with   minimal   frizz   and   damage .   i   found   the   drying   time   to   be   the   same   if   not   slower   than   my   conair   1875   blow   dryer .   the   rocker   buttons   are   in   an   awkward   thumb   position   and   get   in   the   way   of   a   smooth   grip   on   the   handle .   top   it   off   with   a   very   bulky   and   weighted   feel   and   you   have   a   dryer   that   is   not   suitable   for   our   preference .
all   in   all ,   works   better   than   a   towell   and   or   shaking   the   head   a   lot   to   remove   water !   haha   solidly   built   hair   dryer   diffuser   stays   on   and   doesn   t   pop   off   on   a   moment   s   notice   as   did   a   revlon   drier   i   used   to   have   but   which   fell   apart   in   less   than   a   year ...   am   returing   to   bed   bath   beyond   nice   built   in   hook   for   hanging ,   plenty   powerful ,   not   too   noisy ,   price   was   ok .   all   in   all ,   works   better   than   a   towell   and   or   shaking   the   head   a   lot   to   remove   water !   haha
the   retractable   cord   rarely   fully   retracts   and   it   doesn   t   seem   ...   the   retractable   cord   rarely   fully   retracts   and   it   doesn   t   seem   to   get   as   hot   as   other   hair   dryers   i   have   had   in   the   past
i   love   that   this   dryer   has   a   diffuser   attachment   in   the   past   year   i   have   stopped   blow   drying   my   hair   straight ,   opting   to   let   my   curls   be   free .   i   love   that   this   dryer   has   a   diffuser   attachment .   most   hair   dryers   only   come   with   the   concentrator   attachment .   my   curls ,   which   have   really   improved   since   quitting   straightening , now   take   forever   to   dry ,   since   my   hair   is   not   dried   out ,   anymore .   i   can   use   this   on   my   curls   to   dry   them   quickly ,   since   i   hate   leaving   the   house   with   wet   hair .   the   diffuser   works   well ,   not   frizzing   my   hair   at   all   and   my   curls   are   bouncier   than   when   they   air   dry .   that   s   a   great   plus .   i   only   need   about   5   minutes   of   drying   time   to   achieve   95   dry   hair .   it   has   a   cool   shot   and   also   a   high   low   feature .   this   dryer   gets   very   hot ,   so   i   dry   my   curls   on   the   medium   setting ,   which   is   still   hot .   the   higher   setting   would   be   better   for   straightening .
the   product   is   very   nice   in   display   and   function   i   have   owned   this   product .   it   lasted   3   years .   the   fan   blades   shattered   into   pieces .   i   chose   to   replace   it   with   the   same   unit .   that   translates   into   10   yr .   prior   to   the   oster   i   had   sunbeams .   one   lasted   8   years .   they   are   no   longer   available .   there   cost   was   2   3   rds   the   cost   of   the   oster .   where   are   the   economical   competitors   functionally ,   the   latest   oster   is   much   improved   regarding   sound .   in   fact   it   is   whisper   quiet   by   comparison .   overall ,   the   product   is   very   nice   in   display   and   function .
super   rad !   best   blow   dryer   ever   for   my   wild   curls .   i   used   to   have   to   live   the   house   with   wet   hair   and   hope   for   the   best   not   anymore !   the   speed   and   heat   settings   make   it   super   easy   to   tame   the   frizz .
ok ,   for   less   than   6   months   i   bought   this   at   a   local   store   and   it   was   fine   for   a   while   other   than   the   fact   that   the   off   low   high   switch   was   difficult   to   move   ,   but   then   one   day   turned   it   on   and   i   noticed   it   didn   t   sound   as   loud   and   found   that   it   wasn   t   heating   up   at   all   and   there   was   just   a   bit   of   cool   air   blowing   out .   this   was   less   than   six   months   after   purchasing .
five   stars   i   love   the   price
four   stars   like   it
...   this   one   for   over   3   years   and   it   worked   great .   it   just   recently   died   and   i   bought   the   ...   i   had   this   one   for   over   3   years   and   it   worked   great .   it   just   recently   died   and   i   bought   the   exact   same   model .   the   retractable   cord   is   so   nice !
awesome   tool   for   year   round   use !   i   rarely   use   a   hair   dryer   to   dry   my   hair   but   lately ,   i   am   tired   of   waiting   for   it   to   air   dry .   when   that   happens ,   i   use   my   handy   dandy   john   frieda   full   volume   hairy   dryer .   when   i   was   offered   the   opportunity   to   try   this   product ,   i   quickly   accepted .   i   received   a   sample   product   to   review   in   exchange   for   my   honest   opinion .   i   actually   received   this   product   almost   2   years   ago .   i   use   it   when   i   want   my   hair   dried   quickly .   br   br   the   john   frieda   full   volume   dryer   features   frizz   fighting   technology ,   3   heat   and   two   speed   settings .   i   can   add   volume   and   shine   to   my   hair   with   just   a   few   minutes   of   use .   br   br   my   hair   takes   just   a   few   minutes   to   dry .   the   hair   dryer   is   very   lightweight   in   my   hands ,   so   it   doesn   t   take   a   lot   to   blow   dry   my   hair .   i   use   the   cool   setting   most   of   the   time   since   i   don   t   like   to   use   heat   on   my   hair .   the   cool   setting   comes   in   handy   in   the   summer   time .   who   wants   to   blow   hot   air   on   their   hair   in   the   dead   of   summer   br   br   the   john   frieda   full   volume   dryer   comes   with   3   attachments ,   but   i   choose   to   use   the   dryer   without   any   attachments .   i   just   want   to   dry   my   hair ,   so   i   don   t   bother   with   the   attachments .   i   received   a   sample   product   to   review   in   exchange   for   my   honest   opinion .
five   stars   very   good   for   the   hair   and   face .
five   stars   excellent
love   this   thing   update ,   3   years   and   goin   strong ,   good   product   original   review   been   over   a   year ,   love   this   thing ,   has   different   heat   settings   and   attachments ,   is   yeah   and   it   s   cute   to   boot
but   i   have   loved   it   since   i   bought   it   and   i   use   it   ...   i   ve   had   my   wall   mounted   oster   for   over   20   years .   it   is   starting   to   smell   so   i   am   now   looking   for   a   new   one .   i   only   had   to   clean   it   once .   mine   only   has   1200   watts ,   but   i   have   always   had   short   hair   so   that   may   have   made   a   difference   for   the   long   length   of   time   i   ve   owned   it .   but   i   have   loved   it   since   i   bought   it   and   i   use   it   every   day   since   i   wash   my   hair   when   i   shower   every   morning   before   leaving   for   work .
five   stars   i   use   this   on   my   dog   after   i   give   her   a   bath .   great
hair   feels   smoother   and   moisturized ,   but   dries   no   faster   and   the   dryer   is   heavy   the   drying   speed   is   actually   no   faster   than   my   20   1350w   hair   dryer .   the   34   quick   dry   34   head   dries   even   slower   than   the   34   precise   dry   34   head .   and   in   my   opinion   the   dryer   is   heavy .   but   my   hair   does   feel   much   smoother   than   before .   it   does   its   job   to   retain   the   moisture   of   my   hair .
so   glad   i   didn   t   this   is   the   second   blower   i   ve   owned !   i   almost   went   for   the   newer   style ... so   glad   i   didn   t !   i   just   love   this   model   and   i   don   t   think   i   ll   ever   look   to   change !   it   s   a   great ,   reliable   blower   and   the   power   behind   this   puppy   is   awesome !   i   tend   to   have   frizzy   hair ,   so   i   need   a   good   blower   to   smooth   it   out !   this   is   the   perfect   choice   to   remedy   this   hair   type !  
five   stars   excellent   product ,   what   i   asked   was   what   got   me
internal   sparks   after   less   than   a   year !   i   just   signed   in   to   find   when   i   ordered   this   and   it   was   last   october .   it   has   worked   fine   until   it   began   having   little   sparks   in   last   couple   of   days   internally .   would   not   recommend   this   because   of   that   hazard   and   only   getting   less   than   1   year   out   of   it .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer .   it   is   less   noisy   that   my   other   hair   dryer .   beautiful   finish ! ! !
five   stars   really   good   to   use
no   cool   shot   i   bought   this   keeping   in   mind   that   the   cool   shot   button   may   not   work   after   reading   a   review .   i   blow   dry   my   hair   at   most   3   times   for   the   year   so   for   me   it   does   the   job .   i   use   the   cool   setting   which   still   feels   a   little   warm   to   me   but   it   helps   to   stretch   my   hair   very   well   but   without   the   heat   damage   i   still   use   heat   protectant   though   .   but ..   the   cool   shot   button   definitely   doesn   t   work
tickled   fine   product   wish   i   had   one   years   ago .
one   star   this   item   is   pink   and   it   is   not   clearly   advertised   as   such .
cool   slim   hair   dryer   i   ve   been   using   this   for   a   few   months   now   and   i .....   love   it   !   its   does   a   great   job ,   i   always   use   the   cool   setting   and   you   know   what   it   stays   cool .   unlike   other   dryers   that   you   have   to   keep   holding   a   button ,   this   one   has   a   low   temp   setting   that   remain   moderately   temperature .   the   burst   of   cool   air   button   gets   even   cooler .   thats   what   i   really   like   about   this   dryer   along   with   the   slim   design   is   very   cool .   okay   enough   with   the   34   cool   34   xd   its   a   great   product ,   you   won   t   be   disappointed .
good   quality   and   good   performance   love   this   hair   dryer .   for   years ,   i   had   a   terrible   old   dryer   that   wouldn   t   die .   when   it   finally   did ,   i   was   worried   that   anything   new   i   got   would   be   junky   like   so   many   electronics   these   days .   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   about   a   year   now   and   still   love   it   as   much   as   i   did   the   day   i   got   it .   it   dries   really   fast   without   being   too   hot   to   damage   my   hair .   it   has   a   satiny   finish   that   feels   nice   in   your   hand   too .
convenient ,   high   powered   and   looks   great   my   hair   dryer   broke   and   i   needed   a   replacement .   i   keep   my   hair   dryer   plugged   in   by   my   sink   and   i   worried   about   my   grandkids   accidentally   dropping   it   in   the   sink   so   i   bought   this   wall   mounted   unit .   i   absolutely   love   it .   so   convenient   and   it   s   more   powerful   than   my   old   hair   dryer .   i   may   get   another   one   for   the   other   bathroom .
awesome   i   ve   had   this   blow   dryer   for   a   year   or   so   and   i   love   it .   i   haven   t   had   to   replace   it
great   hair   dryer   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   thoroughly ,   even   though   just   a   little   heavy .   excellent   product   highly   recommended
like   i   like   it .
dryer   overheats   and   would   not   work   ordered   this   and   upon   arrival   the   dryer   stopped   working .   it   would   turn   on   and   work   for   a   few   seconds   and   then   overheat .   not   pleased   with   this   purchase .   i   have   used   similar   andis   dryers   in   the   past   without   problem ,   this   one   was   a   dud .
five   stars   great   buy
perfect   lightweight   dryer   for   curly   heads   this   dryer   is   the   best   i   ve   used   for   my   very   curly   hair .   i   dry   my   hair   section   at   a   time   by   holding   the   dryer   close   to   the   scalp ,   and   squishing   the   hair   into   the   diffuser .   after   about   6   minutes   my   hair   is   completely   dry .   then   i   massage   my   scalp   but   i   never   put   my   hands   through   the   ends .   it   is   called   the   pixie   method   of   drying .   i   never   have   a   bad   hair   day   anymore .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used   after   my   60   salon   brand   hair   dryer   crapped   out   on   me   after   like   4   months ,   i   decided   to   just   look   for   a   hair   dryer   with   a   great   price .   i   did   not   even   realize   that   it   s   a   conditioning   dryer   and   now   my   hair   never   looked   better !   my   old   dryer   made   my   hair   look   dry   and   unhealthy   and   i   can   t   believe   how   much   better   it   looks   now .   i   love   it ! !   it   doesn   t   get   super   hot   but   dries   my   long   thick   hair   fast   and   fluffy .   i   ve   had   it   for   a   little   over   a   year   now   and   it   is   still   working   great .
andis   1600w   quiet   hair   dryer   i   love   it   for   its   practicality   and   efficiency .   it   is   quiet   all   right .
it   blows .   does   what   it   s   supposed   to .
hair   dryers   are   easy   to   installed   shipment   was   received   in   short   time .   br   hair   dryers   are   easy   to   installed
four   stars   love   this   product .
five   stars   exactly   what   i   expected
best   blow   dryer !   love   this   blow   dryer .   for   those   of   you   who   have   curly   hair   and   have   issues   with   bigger   dyers ,   this   is   the   one   for   you !
haiku   review   blows   hot   air   around   br   but   now   we   really   want   it   br   hope   it   doesn   t   melt
cord   retract   is   a   bitch   to   work .   have   to   ...   cord   retract   is   a   bitch   to   work .   have   to   screw   with   it   to   get   it   to   take   it   all   in .
and   is   hair   dryer   the   brush   is   way   too   soft .   it   doesn   t   make   it   through   my   hair ,   wet   or   dry .   had   to   send   it   back .
five   stars   so   easy   to   install ,   so   sturdy .   i   love   it !
a   really   great   investment !   love   it   dries   my   hair   in   no   time ,   a   really   great   investment !   love   it !
great   dryer ,   works   extremely   well   great   dryer ,   works   extremely   well , , , ,   love   the   automatic   rewind ....   works   great ,   just   follow   the   directions ..... very   satisfied   with   this   dryer .
choosing   the   perfect   hair   dryer   a   saga   i   am   58   years   old   and   have   mid   length ,   medium   texture ,   slightly   wavy   hair .   br   for   the   past   15   years   i   have   been   using   the   same   conair   hairdryer   it   just   will   not   die   an   average   of   2   3x   a   week   and   over   that   time   have   had   my   share   of   good   hair   days   and   bad .   br   recently ,   i   ve   noticed   that   my   hair   has   been   getting   very   dry   even   in   the   summer   which   is   very   unusual .   br   so ,   after   trying   various   shampoos   with   not   much   difference ,   i   decided   to   google   dry   hair   and   low   and   behold ,   hair   dryers   popped   up !   i   don   t   think   i   would   have   come   up   with   that   on   my   own ,   so   of   course   i   then   started   researching   hair   dryers .   there   are   about   as   many   top   ten   hair   dryer   lists   as   i   think   there   are   hair   dryers !   while   there   are   a   couple   of   pricey   brands   that   tend   to   show   up   on   most   of   those   lists ,   i   finally   decided   to   look   at   it   a   different   way   ie   what   technologies   exist   and   what   would   work   best   with   my   hair .   i   like   a   lot   of   volume   and   smoothness ,   so   ionic ,   ceramic ,   tourmaline   with   infra   red   seemed   to   fit   the   bill   which   is   everything   this   dryer   has .   i   read   pretty   much   all   of   the   reviews ,   watched   the   youtube   videos   and   even   tho   people   complained   about   the   weight   and   button   positions ,   i   decided   to   give   it   a   try .   well ,   i   have   to   say   that   i   am   literally   blown   away !   first ,   i   understand   why   people   complain   about   the   button   position   as   the   first   time   i   used   it ,   i   also   kept   changing   speed   and   heat   settings .   however ,   it   took   me   no   time   at   all   to   figure   out   how   to   hold   it   so   that   doesn   t   happen .   the   heat   levels   are   nice   and   consistent   and   the   cool   shot   button   works   great   doesn   t   lock   but   i   don   t   care   as   i   just   shoot   the   roots   before   i   finish   each   section   so   works   fine   for   me .   regarding   the   weight ,   that   was   the   only   thing   that   i   was   a   bit   concerned   about   at   first ,   since   my   old   dryer   was   super   light .   now ,   after   using   it   for   the   second   time ,   i   didn   t   even   notice   the   weight ,   only   the   incredibly   awesome   results   it   produces !   i   actually   feel   like   i   have   new   hair   as   it   is   no   longer   dry   and   frizzy   but   instead   is   super   smooth ,   soft   and   bouncy .   i   still   can   t   believe   changing   hair   dryers   could   make   such   a   difference .   i   actually   look   forward   to   doing   my   hair   now !   my   recommendation   is ,   do   your   research ,   but   if   you   have   hair   similar   to   mine ,   give   this   fantastic   dryer   a   try   i   don   t   think   you   ll   be   disappointed ! frizzy   but   instead   is   super   smooth ,   soft   and   bouncy .   i   still   can   t   believe   changing   hair   dryers   could   make   such   a   difference .   i   actually   look   forward   to   doing   my   hair   now !   my   recommendation   is ,   do   your   research ,   but   if   you   have   hair   similar   to   mine ,   give   this   fantastic   dryer   a   try   i   don   t   think   you   ll   be   disappointed !
three   stars   too   bulky .
five   stars   great   for   the   price !   strong   and   powerful !
best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   owned !   my   4c   hair   gets   pretty   straight   using   this   not   even   on   the   high   setting !
five   stars   works   great ....... light   enough   to   be   comfortable .
five   stars   working   excellence .
five   stars   excellent !
great   little   hair   dryer   arrived   right   on   time ,   performs   very   well ,   is   quieter   than   expected   and   is   compact   for   traveling
i   don   t   see   the   point ..   i   don   t   know   what   all   the   fuss   is   about .   however   i   m   not   going   to   stand   there   with   this   thing   stuck   to   my   head   to   try   to   dry   my   hair .   i   found   it   so   much   easier   and   less   fuzzier   to   apply   product   and   let   the   hair   dry   on   its   own   than   to   stand   and   let   this   dryer   do   its   thing .   a   complete   waste   of   money   on   my   end .
this   blow   dryer   works   great   for   travel   this   blow   dryer   works   great   for   travel .   it   is   small ,   lightweight   and   is   very   easy   to   convert   for   various   power   needs   as   i   traveled   from   country   to   country   on   a   recent   trip .   my   only   very   small   complaint   would   be   that   it   is   very   loud   to   operate .
good   hair   dryer   no   problems   with   it .   works   for   me !
four   stars   awesome   power ,   just   a   little   heavy ! !
this   is   a   really   good   dryer .   i   have   had   it   for   five   months   this   is   a   really   good   dryer .   i   have   had   it   for   five   months ,   and   it   works   well .   i   wish   it   was   higher   powered ,   but   i   wouldn   t   return   it !
easy   to   travel   with   compact ,   easy   to   travel   with .   puts   out   plenty   of   air .   works   very   well .
broke   within   months   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   in   march   based   on   amazon   reviews .   it   worked   ok   at   the   beginning   but   now   no   longer   has   any   air   pressure   and   takes   at   least   2x   as   long   to   dry   my   hair .   the   return   period   for   this   product   is   one   month   and   now   i   need   to   purchase   another   new   hair   dryer .   very   displeased   with   this   purchase .
works   well   good   unit   .   a   little   pricey   but   i   was   replacing   a   7   or   8   year   old   like   unit   so   i   did   not   want   to   change   unit   or   mounting   system .
three   stars   low   setting   is   to   strong   and   to   fast   also   the   dryer   is   too   heavy
easy   to   mount   to   wall   not   as   powerful   as   some . this   size .   easy   to   mount   to   wall .   it   does   have   a   bright   night   light .
my   girlfriend   loves   it   i   bought   this   dryer   for   my   girlfriend   for   her   birthday   last   year   because   she   is   always   complaining   about   getting   her   hair   done   and   how   much   people   charge   her   which   i   end   up   paying   for   anyway   so   i   thought   what   better   thing   to   buy   her   for   her   birthday   than   something   she   can   use   and   benefit   from   forever .   she   loves   this   hair   dryer ,   she   puts   her   hair   in   rollers   and   sits   under .   it   gets   very   hot   too !   thanks   for   the   great   buy !
five   stars   thank   you
five   stars   just   a   really   nice   hair   dryer   for   the   money .
fast   and   efficient !   videoid   3ce786db72a405f72c6e511ec156f72d   i   have   needed   a   hair   dryer   forever   and   finally   got   this   one .   i   am   so   happy   because   the   vent   on   my   old   one   was   sucking   my   hair   inside   and   i   would   have   to   break   by   hair   to   get   it   out .   br   br   this   hairdryer   is   very   nice   and   durably   constructed .   it   feels   substantial   in   my   hands ,   not   flimsy   and   cheap .   it   comes   with   2   diffuser   type   attachments   that   connects   easily   and   stay   in   place   until   you   take   them   off .   br   br   the   cord   on   this   hairdryer   is   super   long   so   i   can   move   around   quite   a   bit   while   drying   my   hair .   there   is   also   a   loop   built   in   the   handle   so   this   hair   dryer   can   be   hung   up   for   storage   purposes .   br   br   the   hairdryer   itself   has   a   cool   shot   button   which   you   hold   down   if   you   want   cool   air   to   blow   out .   there   is   another   button   that   changes   the   forcefulness   of   the   air   that   is   blowing   out   this   one   has   2   settings   .   the   last   button   is   high ,   medium   and   low   for   the   warmth   of   the   heat   that   will   blow   out   of   the   hair   dryer .   br   br   this   hair   dryer   is   1875   watts   so   it   is   pretty   powerful   and   it   dries   my   hair   pretty   quickly .   the   infrared   light   actually   is   an   orange   red   color   and   it   helps   to   reduce   static   and   frizz .   br   br   i   am   very   impressed   with   this   hair   dryer   and   i   wish   i   would   have   gotten   it   sooner .   br   br   i   received   this   product   free   in   exchange   for   an   honest   and   unbiased   review .
nice   unit   but   not   very   quiet .   used   one   in   a   hotel   and   replaced   my   huge   home   dryer .
five   stars   does   a   great   job   and   meets   all   my   expectations   for   heat   and   air .
horrible   doesn   t   retract .   very   cheaply   made .   i   returned   the   prodcut .
dries   my   hair   super   fast ,   like   2   minutes   fast   this   blow   dryer   is   hot   and   powerful .   dries   my   hair   super   fast ,   like   2   minutes   fast !   this   is   by   far   the   nicest   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .
excellent   product .   worked   as   advertised ,   powerful   and   light .   excellent   product .   worked   as   advertised ,   powerful   and   light .
not   good   for   kinky   natural   hair   comb   breaks   easily ,   a   little   hard   to   old   without   touching   all   the   buttons .
good   dryer   i   ve   had   this   for   a   couple   years .   it   s   been   very   good .   the   cord   is   a   little   short .   otherwise ,   no   complaints .
bestbuy   no   issues   whatsoever ! !   br   br   completely   satisfied   with   this   product ! !
blow   me   away !   ended   up   being   a   little   too   powerful .
love   it   very   very   powerful   love   it   very   very   powerful .   and   gets   hot   if   you   need   it   to .   cord   is   average   wish   it   was   longer   as   this   feels   more   like   a   professional   blower .   love   the   feel   of   the   blower   too   it   doesn   t   slide   out   of   your   hands   and   it   s   not   very   heavy .
love   it ! !   love   it .   it   is   very   powerful   hair   dryer .   i   like   it   because   it   also   folds   up   takes   less   space
two   stars   had   difficulty   with   switches   due   to   reduced   mobility   of   my   hands .   no   problem   with   any   other   features
five   stars   way   better   quality   than   i   expected   for   the   price !   love   it ! !
consult   1875   watt   hairdryer   exactly   what   i   wanted .   great   price .   retracting   cord   a   little   hard   to   get   use   to .   don   t   retract   it   most   of   the   time .
three   stars   it   s   ok .
piss   poor   attachment   design   the   dryer   itself   works   great   ,   but   the   attachments   don   t   stay   on .   i   was   spending   more   time   picking   the   attachments   up   off   the   floor   than   drying   my   hair ,   really   a   piss   poor   design   very   frustrating
five   stars   good   quality !
five   stars   works   great !
salon   dryer   great   stand .   movable . good   performance   for   the   price   i   paid .   not   as   hot   as   salon   dryers .
five   stars   perfect !
awesome   hair   dryer   for   the   price !   great   dryer .   dries   quickly ,   love   the   different   temperature   settings .   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   i   expected ,   but   so   far ,   so   good !
co   air   blow   dryer   love   this   blow   dryer
just   as   good   as   a   200   works   well .   just   as   good   as   a   200.00   unit
five   stars   good
my   best   purchase ! !   this   is   absolutely   the   best   thing   i   ve   ever   brought   on   amazon   and   i   ve   brought   a   lot   of   stuff .   the   only   reason   why   i   gave   it   3   stars   is   because   it   takes   a   little   longer   to   dry   my   hair   than   the   salon   but   i   will   take   that   extra   30   mins   saving   60   a   week   going   to   the   salon .   i   have   malaysian   hair   sew   in ,   i   usually   go   to   the   salon   every   week   for   a   roller   wrap   or   some   wand   curls   but   i   will   never   ever   go   back   to   the   salon   again   unless   i   m   going   for   a   sew   in .   my   curls   come   out   so   bouncy   and   pretty .   i   look   like   i   just   stepped   out   of   a   salon .   the   dryer   was   easy   to   assemble   and   it   s   better   being   in   the   comfort   of   my   own   home
four   stars   good   product   and   quite !
love   the   retractable   cord .   great
this   one   replaced   the   last   remington   that   i   had   and   ...   this   one   replaced   the   last   remington   that   i   had   and   loved   since   2002 !   i   have   very   long   hair   that   s   color   treated ,   and   these   types   of   hair   dryers   are   a   life   saver .   i   hope   this   one   lasts   13   years ...   added   bonus ...   it   matches   my   purple   accented   bathroom .  
five   stars   bought   this   for   my   sister   in   law   and   she   was   very   happy
this   blows   your   hair   like   a   regular   blow   dryer   this   is   not   a   true   diffuser .   a   real   diffuser   does   not   blow   your   hair   it   heats   your   hair .   this   blows   your   hair   like   a   regular   blow   dryer .   i   returned   it   after   a   few   tries .
it   dries   things   i   purchased   this   because   the   sidewalks   at   my   workplace   are   very   uneven ,   and   every   time   it   rains   we   get   huge   puddles   that   cannot   be   avoided .   my   shoes   always   get   drenched ,   and   i   needed   a   way   to   quickly   and   easily   dry   them .   for   that   purpose ,   i   ve   found   this   hair   dryer   to   be   very   useful   and   efficient .   i   also   use   it   to   warm   my   socks   in   the   winter .   there   s   no   better   feeling   than   being   out   in   the   cold   with   warm   feet .   br   br   i   can   t   speak   to   its   intended   purpose ,   as   i   don   t   have   hair   and   so   have   not   used   it   to   dry   my   hair .   please   don   t   hold   this   against   me .
five   stars   muy   bueno .
total   disappointment !   only   used   it   for   2   weeks .   the   bottom   piece   would   get   too   hot !   i   got   burned   a   couple   times   and   it   also   melted   my   extension   cord   because   of   the   heat .   total   disappointment !
almost   like   they   were   used   before   buying   this   item ,   please   read   this   review !   it   could   save   you   from   being   buying   a   defective   item   that   could   burn   you !   br   br   when   i   opened   up   the   package ,   the   packing   for   the   blow   dryer   was   bent   and   looked   open .   despite   that ,   i   thought   maybe   it   just   got   damaged   from   shipping .   when   i   opened   up   the   package ,   it   looked   used .   the   blowdryer   itself   and   the   attachments   especially   the   diffuser   were   all   scratched   almost   like   they   were   used .   still ,   i   thought ,   34   maybe   this   was   just   a   packaging   issue   and   got   damaged   via   ups   or   during   the   shipping   process .   34   i   wanted   to   test   out   the   product   before   returning   it .   i   severely   regret   even   trying   out   this   item   before   returning   it .   br   br   i   plugged   in   the   blow   dryer   and   attached   the   diffuser   attachment .   it   didn   t   seem   to   blow   air   very   well   at   all .   my   25   conair   blow   dryer   actually   blows   out   more   air   than   this   did !   i   only   had   the   blow   dryer   plugged   in   for   maybe   a   minute   and   realized   it   just   didn   t   work .   i   actually   got   burnt   because   the   diffuser   got   so   hot !   i   now   have   a   little   welt   on   me   from   accidentally   touching   it .   i   can   easily   seeing   this   blow   dryer   causing   a   fire   or   really   harming   somebody !   i   will   never   buy   a   pro   beauty   tools   item   again .   the   fact   that   this   item   was   even   labeled   as   a   34   professional ,   34   blow   dryer   is   a   joke .   it   blows   no   air   and   is   cheaply   made .   the   supposed   150   value   is   a   joke ,   as   well .   like   i   said ,   my   25   conair   blow   dryer   is   much ,   much   better   than   this   joke   of   a   dryer   br   br   now   i   have   no   blow   dryer ,   a   mini   welt   and   irritated   skin .   save   your   time ,   physical   health   and   money   and   buy   something   else .   like   i   said ,   i   can   really   see   this   endangering   somebody   whether   by   burning   them   severely   i   wasn   t   even   using   the   dryer   for   2   minutes   before   becoming   burnt   or   causing   a   fire   of   some   sort .   the   diffuser   attachment   also   stayed   hot   for   quite   awhile   which   i   ve   never   seen   before   with   a   blow   dryer   before .
five   stars   great ! ! !
the   good   for   the   most   part   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   my   last   one   finally   died   after   about   5   years .   i   was   looking   for   something   inexpensive   and   high   quality ,   which   often   doesn   t   go   together .   br   br   the   good   for   the   most   part ,   this   dryer   does   exactly   what   it   says   it   will .   it   dried   my   hair   slightly   faster   than   my   previous   dryer ,   and   left   it   frizz   free .   i   have   very   fine   hair ,   so   it   almost   always   gets   poofy .   the   tapered   end   made   it   easier   to   target   the   air   to   the   rolling   brush ,   which   makes   a   big   difference   when   compared   to   a   snub   nosed   dryer   those   aren   t   professional   beauty   terms ,   just   the   best   words   i   can   think   of   to   describe   the   product   .   it   s   a   decent   size   and   easy   to   store .   the   motor   is   very   quiet   compared   to   other   hair   dryers   i   ve   used .   my   boyfriend   gets   up   an   hour   later   than   i   do   for   work ,   and   he   definitely   appreciates   the   quiet   motor .   br   br   the   bad   just   an   aesthetic   thing ,   it   smells   weird .   to   be   fair ,   it   s   brand   new   so   it   s   probably   the   smell   from   the   packaging   but   it   also   produces   a   faint   odor   when   the   motor   runs   that   reminds   me   of   like   a   toy   blow   dryer .   i   ll   update   the   review   if   the   smell   goes   away .   for   it   s   average   size ,   it   s   fairly   heavy .   i   m   not   sure   if   it   s   because   a   larger   motor ,   heavier   materials ,   etc .   i   was   using   it   for   about   10   mins   and   my   arm   started   to   get   sore !   it   s   not   insanely   heavy ,   definitely   manageable ,   but   i   would   give   it   a   higher   ranking   if   it   was   a   lighter   and   easier   to   hold .   also ,   the   controls   operate   opposite   any   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .   so ,   instead   of   sliding   the   control   up   to   get   a   faster   speed   or   hotter   temp ,   you   slide   down .   that   has   definitely   taken   some   getting   used   to .   finally ,   the   attachments   are   just   ok .   they   connect   to   the   dryer   well ,   but   if   you   re   like   me ,   you   are   kind   of   a   klutz   when   blow   drying   your   hair .   i   usually   knock   the   dryer   with   my   brush   or   my   hand   at   some   point   during   the   drying   process   and   the   attachments   fall   off   at   the   slightest   bump .   br   br   overall   it   does   what   it   says   it   will   and   does   fine   for   what   i   paid   for   it .   in   hindsight ,   i   wish   i   would   ve   splurged   another   10   or   20   bucks   for   something   nicer . ight ,   i   wish   i   would   ve   splurged   another   10   or   20   bucks   for   something   nicer .
happy   with   this   conair   hair   dryer   very   pleased   with   this   travel   hair   dryer .   compact   and   lightweight   and   works   really   well .
four   stars   not   too   big   and   not   too   small !   does   it   s   job   well !
four   stars   works   good
daler   this   is   my   third   one   in   15   years .   they   are   convenient   and   very   reliable .   a   great   buy !
it   s   a   great   dryer ! !   great   dryer !   i   have   had   this   for   several   years   and   it   still   works   great !   definitely   recommend !
doesn   t   fit   conair   folding   handle   1875   watt   dryer   model   124tl   took   a   chance   but   this   does   not   fit   the   conair   folding   handle   1875   watt   dryer   model   124tl .   the   search   continues !   and   now   i   m   stuck   with   this   since   i   just   missed   the   return   window !  
four   stars   i   couldn   t   use   it   because   it   did   not   have   an   ul   listed   cord   on   it
five   stars   excelente
this   is   buy   far   the   best   hair   dryer   ever   this   is   buy   far   the   best   hair   dryer   ever !   i   have   thick   curly   hair   that   usually   takes   an   hour   to   dry .   this   hair   dryer   took   less   than   half   the   time   to   get   my   hair   dry
the   worst   hair   dryer   ever   the   worst   hair   dryer   ever ! ! ! ! !   i   bough   just   6   months   ago   and   it   started   to   have   a   weird   noise   and   was   not   working   well   and   the   next   time   i   tried   to   use   it   the   cable   exploded   in   fire ,   burned   my   hand   and   almost   caused   a   fire ! ! ! ! ! !
an   amazing   hair   dryer   perfect   for   curly   or   straight   hair ,   definitely   a   professional   blow   dryer !   i   have   never   had   a   blow   dryer   this   amazing   before ,   i   don   t   even   know   where   to   begin .   the   first   thing   i   noticed   was   this   blow   dryer   is   a   little   heavier   than   my   current   blow   dryer .... i   guess   that   s   what   it   takes   to   be   such   a   phenomenal   blow   dryer !   it   s   not   so   heavy   that   you   won   t   want   to   use   it ,   and   it   s   surprisingly   compact .   br   br   you   get   two   attachments ,   a   concentrator   nozzle ,   which   if   you   ve   never   used   one   before   is   amazing   for   keeping   your   hair   smooth   and   silky .   you   get   a   finger   diffuser   as   well   which   is   great   for   curly   hair   or   waves   without   the   frizz .   i   ve   never   been   able   to   blow   dry   my   hair   and   get   curls   that   i   love   up   until   now .   normally   my   hair   is   a   big   ball   of   frizz   after   blowdrying   it ,   but   i   was   able   to   get   frizz   free   curls   with   the   help   of   this   diffuser .   br   br   i   straighten   my   hair   frequently   and   for   the   longest   time   i   had   to   let   my   hair   dry   overnight   because   blow   drying   my   hair   would   just   cause   it   to   frizz   and   even   using   a   straightener   wouldn   t   get   rid   of   the   frizz .   now   i   just   use   the   concentrator   nozzle   and   it   really   helps   keep   the   frizz   at   bay   when   i   want   to   blow   dry   it   straight .   quite   possibly   my   favorite   thing   about   this   blow   dryer   is   the   fact   that   not   only   does   it   have   a   cool   shot   button ,   it   has   a   cool   setting ,   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   and   holding   down   that   cool   shot   button   for   my   whole   hair   can   be   a   pain ,   now   i   can   just   switch   it   to   the   cool   setting .   overall ,   i   love   this   blow   dryer ,   it   s   the   best   one   i   ve   ever   owned .   br   br   i   received   this   product   for   free   in   exchange   for   my   honest ,   unbiased   review .
two   stars   like   it   but   not   too   much
perfect   dryer !   perhaps   it   s   strange   coming   from   me ,   but   i   ve   purchased   2   of   these   and   it   s   still   my   favorite   blow   dryer !   br   i   used   this   dryer   for   more   than   4   years   and   never   had   a   problem .   br   i   purchased   a   second   one   because   i   gave   the   first   one   to   my   fiance   ,   who   lives   in   japan !   br   her   mom   fell   in   love   with   it ,   didn   t   bring   it   to   the   states   so   i   had   to   buy   yet   another   conair   blow   dryer   .   br   but   now   she   has   my   second   one ,   and   won   t   accept   the   conair   infiniti   pro   i   bought   for   her .   br   too   bad ,   because   i   miss   my   cordless   action   br   but   i   can   still   blow   dry   my   hair   after   taking   the   braids   out ,   because   this   is   by   far   the   best   dryer   ever .
a   must   for   european   travel   a   great   item   to   have   when   traveling   to   europe   because   of   its   dual   voltage   capability   .   easy   to   use .   convenient   to   carry .
buyer   beware   this   unit   caught   on   fire   within   3   months   of   purchase
does   the   job ,   blows   fine   it   does   the   job   but   fan   makes   a   funny   noise   when   powering   down .
best   hair   dryer   ever   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased .   it   provides   tons   of   power   and   isn   t   loud .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   doesn   t   hsve   shutting   off   issues   like   other   dryers   i   have   used .   the   bed   head   brand   seems   to   be   experts   in   their   field   and   make   products   that   work   well   and   hold   up   well .   they   last   a   long   time   and   i   have   no   complaints .
four   stars   good   hair   dryer   for   the   price !   thank   you !
liked   it   but   it   was   broken   i   did   like   this   product   but   it   was   missing   pieces   when   i   got   it .   i   couldn   t   hang   it   up   or   keep   it   together .   i   am   debating   ordering   another   one   because   i   really   want   to   use   it ,   just   hope   the   next   time   it   arrives   complete .   if   it   didn   t   have   those   missing   pieces   it   would   have   worked   well .
great   dryer !   all   you   need !   does   the   job   at   an   unbeatable   price !   i   have   very   thick   romanian   long   straight   hair   and   this   dries   my   hair   well   and   pretty   fast .   great   product   and   would   buy   again   if   i   had   to .
two   stars   just   does   not   get   hot   enough
four   stars   bought   it   for   my   daughter   works   great   and   she   likes   it .
five   stars   more   power   than   expected .
five   stars   works   great   for   its   intended   use ,   especially   for   how   small   it   is !
...   blow   dryer   was   this   exact   model   and   i   absolutely   loved   it .   however   my   old   blow   dryer   was   this   exact   model   and   i   absolutely   loved   it .   however ,   the   one   that   came   in   from   amazon   for   this   purchase   disappointed   me   as   the   retractable   cord   doesn   t   work .
love   this   hair   dryer   love   this   hair   dryer ! ! !   it   gets   hot   enough   and   blows   hard   enough   to   dry   your   hair   quickly ! ! ! !   my   teenage   girls   with   long   hair   love   it   too ! ! ! !   it   also   lasts   forever ! ! ! !
five   stars   powerful   yet   compact   hair   dryer .   works   really   well !
best   blow   dryer   this   is   the   absolute   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   and   i   have   owned   many   over   the   last   45   years .
great   product ,   great   customer   service   my   favorite   so   far .   takes   less   time   to   dry   and   is   quiet .   my   original   one   stopped   working   after   about   1   1   2   year ,   they   sent   me   a   replacement   right   away .   i   had   the   new   one   in   2   days !
love   it   great   purchase ,   great   product ,   very   fast   shipment   love   it
five   stars   have   had   mine   for   several   years   and   am   thinking   about   getting   another   one   as   a   back   up .
professional   quality   hair   dryer   with   options   that   are   perfect   for   fine ,   short   hair ,   and   at   a   terrific   price   point   my   old   con   air   finally   bit   the   dust .   i   had   been   impressed   with   my   hair   stylist   s   hair   dryer ,   but   i   knew   such   an   expensive   unit   was   out   of   my   budget .   however ,   i   was   willing   to   spend   a   little   more   than   20   on   a   drugstore   hair   dryer   that ,   hopefully ,   would   last   a   bit   longer   this   time .   i   have   very   short ,   very ,   very   fine   hair .   when   it   was   longer ,   i   used   to   require   a   diffuser   since   it   is   naturally   wavy   however ,   with   my   current   pixie   cut ,   i   knew   i   only   really   needed   a   unit   that   came   with   a   concentrator   nozzle .   because   of   the   short   length   and   fineness   of   my   hair ,   i   also   wanted   a   unit   that   had   a   good   range   of   temperatures   and   speeds .   a   lot   of   what   s   available   on   the   market   now   is   too   hot   and   too   powerful   for   my   hair .   i   did   a   bit   of   research   for   hair   dryers   that   matched   my   criteria   and   finally   settled   on   this .   the   extremely   positive   reviews   left   by   other   amazon   customers   gave   me   confidence   i   had   made   a   good   decision .   br   br   happily   enough ,   turns   out   i   was   correct !   this   unit   feels   solid .   it   is   well   constructed ,   and   doesn   t   have   the   34   hot   spots   34   like   my   old   con   air   did   that   caused   its   paint   to   flake   off   everywhere .   it   is   a   touch   heavier   than   my   old   dryer ,   but   i   like   the   way   it   feels   in   my   hand .   the   bit   of   added   weight   does   not   make   the   unit   any   more   difficult   to   use .   it   is   also   powerful !   the   motor   on   this   dryer   is   of   much   better   quality   than   any   i   ve   used   previously ,   causing   an   increase   of   air   throughput   that   allows   the   unit   to   dry   hair   very   quickly .   paradoxically ,   this   unit   performs   much   better   than   any   1875   w   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used ,   and   yet   it   is   much ,   much   quieter ,   and   range   of   airflows   gives   it   finesse .   it   comes   with   3   different   temperature   settings   and   3   different   airflow   settings ,   and   i   have   found   the   medium   temperature   and   medium   airflow   to   be   perfect   for   my   needs .   if   you   use   the   highest   temperature   setting ,   it   will   get   hot !   so   if   you   need   the   high   temp   and   high   power ,   it   is   definitely   there   for   you .   it   also   comes   with   a   concentrator   nozzle ,   the   output   width   of   which   in   my   opinion ,   is   the   perfect   length .   some   nozzles   tend   to   be   exorbitantly   wide ,   which   is   probably   fine   if   you   have   a   lot   of   hair .   but   the   output   width   of   this   nozzle   is   only   around   2   34   ,   perfect   for   a   shortie   like   me .   br   br   what   more   can   i   say   i   am   extremely   happy   with   this   purchase .   it   does   arrive   in   a   box   that   looks   like   it   came   straight   out   of   the   late   80s   early   90s ,   which   i   just   found   to   be   humorous .   it   is   very   no   muss ,   no   fuss ,   and   i   don   t   even   think   mine   had   packaged   instructions   with   it .   but   it   works   just   as   well   as   my   stylist   s   professional   dryer   and   at   a   terrific   price   point .   i   would   buy   again   in   a   heartbeat   but   hopefully   i   won   t   have   to ,   at   least   for   a   long ,   long   time   .
one   star   i   love   this   hair   dryer .
quiet   and   fast   blow   dryer   i   have   long   hair   so   it   used   to   take   me   over   10   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   completely .   now   i   can   get   it   dry   in   less   than   5   minutes !   it   s   also   useful   to   know   that   when   you   have   it   on   the   low   medium   speed ,   it   s   uber   quiet .   i   can   blow   dry   my   hair   at   night   without   having   to   worry   about   waking   my   family   members .   definitely   worth   the   money .
garbage   garbage .   had   it   for   a   year ,   the   cheap   plastic   fan   is   cracked   and   it   s   done .
quiet   and   effective .   much   quieter   than   my   old   hairdryer .   works   great ,   love   the   option   for   34   warm   34   ,   34   hot   34   or   34   cool   34   settings .   wish   it   collapsed   so   it   fit   in   my   drawer   better   but   otherwise   its   great   for   the   price   . my   sister   is   a   hairdresser   and   she   buys   cheap   hair   dryers ,   says   its   not   worth   the   money   to   buy   expensive   ones .
works   great .   this   brand   was   in   our   resort   in   florida   ...   works   great .   this   brand   was   in   our   resort   in   florida   and   my   husband   just   had   to   have   his   own !
will   not   purchase   again   did   not   last   nearly   as   long   as   it   should   of ,   poorly   made
wall   hair   dryer   for   the   price   it   was   not   bad
four   stars   works   fine ,   price   is   right .
great   design   it   has   a   bit   of   a   weight   ...   strong   blow   great   design   it   has   a   bit   of   a   weight   to   it   but   its   great   !   i   got   no   diffuser   but   i   got   a   concentrator   attachment
four   stars   very   good
five   stars   nice
four   stars   i   love   this   hair   dryer   the   only   thing   it   is   missing   is   a   retractable   cord
great   for   fine   thin   hair   my   hair   dryer   took   a   dump   and   nothing   i   hate   more   than   finding   another   one .   after   reading   the   reviews ,   i   purchased   the   conair   pro   styler   ionic   conditioning   hair   dryer .   it   was   ok   but   did   nothing   for   my   fine   thin   hair .   i   was   going   to   get   another   revlon   hair   dryer   but   thought   ok   i   will   give   this   one   a   try   even   though   it   has   the   same   wattage   as   the   conair   pro   styler   and   with   a   35   amazon   prime   member   sale   discount ,   what   the   heck ,   i   really   couldn   t   go   too   wrong .   love   it !   my   hair   was   much   smoother   and   the   mild   curl   i   like   was   put   into   my   hair   with   ease .   minimal   fly   aways   which   the   revlon   didn   t   minimize .   found   my   dryer !
great   hair   dryer   ...   also   the   night   light   is   super .   the   hair   dryer   is   stylish   and   does   a   fine   job   with   hair   drying .   i   like   the   hook   on   the   side   that   keeps   the   cord   in   place .
five   stars   best   blow   dryer   for   price
love   it !   love   it !   quiet   and   powerful ,   cord   retracts   well .
it   s   okay   not   very   strong .   does   the   job .   doesn   t   have   a   lot   of   heft   so   it   makes   me   think   it   won   t   last   long ,   which   is   fine   since   we   don   t   really   love   it .
amazing !   amazing   blow   dryer !   worth   every   penny !   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   and   this   blow   dryer   gets   it   almost   totally   straight !   amazing   power   and   heat !   product   just   like   expected   and   shipping   was   fast   for   the   free   option .   got   it   in   about   a   week !
five   stars   love   it
great   dryer   so   far   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   was   bummed   that   my   old   conair   died   after   10   years .   yes   you   read   that   right .   10   years ! !   i   loved   that   hair   dryer   and   i   loved   how   quickly   it   dried   my   hair .   the   new   dryer   works   well   so   far .   it   has   different   speeds   and   heat   levels   on   two   different   controls   which   i   really   like .   the   cold   air   button   works   great .   i   really   have   no   complaints .
ms   at   first   i   bought   1   to   see   how   i   liked   it .   i   m   a   professional   hairdresser   and   unusual   buy   chi   which   are   3   times   the   cost   of   this   at   first   i   bought   1   to   see   how   i   liked   it .   . i   loved   this   dryer   needless   to   say   i   bought   another .   been   extremely   happy   with   it ..
five   stars   amazing   hair   dryer !
good   but   cause   hair   to   tangle   the   bad   thing   about   this   is   that   it   has   a   whirlwind   that   make   it   hard   to   dry   hair   and   the   whirlwind   causes   hair   to   spin   and   tangle   .   br   the   good   thing   is   that   it   drys   quick   and   is   quiet
this   is   almost   perfect .   i   love   the   finish   update   07   09   17   this   dryer   has   been   getting   very   hot   on   the   hand   piece .   it   makes   a   click   noise   and   then   gets   hot .   i   recently   saw   sparks   shoot   when   the   clicking   occured   and   am   scared   to   use   it .   my   husband   and   i   looked   at   it   together   and   he   was   able   to   see   it   spark   multiple   times   while   on .   i   hate   that   this   has   occured   but   feel   the   need   to   warn   others .   br   original   review   his   almost   perfect .   i   love   the   finish .   very   hot   with   several   great   settings .   its   a   bit   heavy .   the   cord   is   a   bit   short .   my   hair   has   been   sucked   into   the   mesh   filter   in   back   several   times ,   knotting   it   and   burning   it .   i   have   longer   hair   and   this   happens   when   i   flip   my   head   over   and   the   ends   touch   the   back   of   the   dryer   while   drying   roots .   i   have   had   to   learn   to   keep   space .   i   would   buy   it   again   though .
four   stars   good !
not   a   good   product .   the   electrical   plug   was   unsteady   from   day   one .   now ,   less   than   six   weeks   later   the   plug   won   t   stay   in   the   outlet   at   all .   it   has   been   a   little   over   30   days   so   i   cannot   return   it   to   amazon .   i   am   very   disappointed .
it   does   the   work .   it   s   nice   and   dries   quickly ,   just   it   s   super   noisy ,   can   wake   the   neighbors   up !
five   stars   this   is   a   great   dryer   for   the   price .
love   it ! !   omg   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   i   just   recently   replaced   my   old   blow   dryer   with   this   one   and   i   can   see   a   huge   improvement   in   my   hair .   it   dries   quickly   and   stores   nicely .   love   this !
blown   away   no   complaints .   she   loves   it .   34   i   used   to   hate   drying   my   hair   but   now   i   actually   enjoys   it   34   .   60   actual   girlfriend   quote   br   br   draws   a   lot   of   power .   tripped   the   breaker   in   our   old   house .   not   so   anymore .
lots   of   air   good   heat !   i   m   a   hairdresser   who   was   recently   introduced   to   this   dryer   in   the   past   year .   when   i   look   for   a   dryer   i   want   a   lot   of   air ,   and   a   lot   of   heat .   this   has   both .   if   you   know   proper   blow   dry   technique ,   you   can   do   a   full   head   of   long   curly   hair   in   15   minutes .   it   comes   with   two   nozzles   a   large   one ,   and   a   small   one .   i   have   one   pet   peeve   though ,   the   cord   needs   to   be   longer .   if   you   all   are   looking   for   a   strong   european   quality   hairdryer ,   this   is   definitely   the   one .
great   product   and   convenience   i   have   bought   this   same   or   very   similar   dryer   for   each   of   my   last   three   houses .   i   love   them   mounted   right   next   to   the   bathroom   sink .   it   works   well   and   for   the   money   i   think   they   are   of   pretty   good   quality .
five   stars   works   great   not   very   loud ,   it   s   hot   which   is   fine   with   me !
great   item   best   blow   dry   that   i   have   ever   owned .   worth   the   money .   cord   never   gets   tied   up
love   this   product ! ! !   will   buy   for   life !   this   is   my   absolute   favorite   hairdryer !   i   have   been   using   it   for   probably   10   years !   when   i   moved   out   after   college ,   i   bought   one   for   my   apartment   since   my   mom   wanted   to   keep   hers !   haha .   it   works   amazing .   i   adore   the   diffuser   attachment !   best   one   i   ve   ever   used .
conair   makes   reliable   stuff !   i   owned   this   hair   dryer   for   about   five   years   and   used   it   nearly   daily .   it   finally   started   making   a   weird   noise   so   i   replaced   it   with   the   exact   same   model .   a   five   year   life   span   for   such   an   inexpensive   hair   dryer   exceeded   my   expectations .
my   hair   is   really   curly   and   i   like   it   better   straight   and   this   product   has   the   power   ...   this   blow   dryer   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   my   old   one   did .   my   hair   is   really   curly   and   i   like   it   better   straight   and   this   product   has   the   power   to   make   my   hair   nice   and   smooth   without   much   effort .   it   has   a   cool   blast   switch   to   lock   the   style   in   place .   i   don   t   have   to   use   as   much   hair   product   because   this   blow   dryer   makes   my   hair   straight   with   basically   just   a   brush .   if   you   have   frizzy   hair   this   is   the   blow   dryer   for   you
this   dryer   was   perfect   blow   speed   for   my   long   fine   hair   this   dryer   was   perfect   blow   speed   for   my   long   fine   hair .   high   blow   was   drying   and   so   was   low .   low   allowed   styling   unlike   my   other   conair   1875   which   missed   class   on   what   does   high   versus   low   mean   ..   great   selections   for   any   speed   heat   you   want .   on   this   one ,   i   give   kudos   to   however   designed   the   switches   probably   a   woman .   this   is   light   weight   and   had   everything   i   wanted   except   62   it   did   not   appear   to   be   truly   ionic   for   me .   my   hair   looked   terrible .   the   box   and   inside   pamphlet   states   ionic ,   but   the   dryer   did   nothing   for   my   hair .   it   was   a   limp   flyaway   mess .   disappointed   as   the   rest   of   it   was   great .   this   may   work   for   you   and   i   would   recommend   you   give   it   a   try .
great   quality   mom   s   love   it
five   stars   nice   and   compact   with   lots   of   drying   power .   also   not   as   loud   as   some   other   hair   driers .
i   like   the   way   it   folds   up   i   like   the   way   it   folds   up ,   but   the   cord   rarely   retracts   all   the   way   without   spending   5   minutes   pulling   it   out   and   pressing   the   retract   button   and   pushing   it   back   into   the   handle .   the   blower   itself   works   fine ,   but   i   bought   it   for   the   retractable   cord ,   which   is   more   a   pain   than   a   gain .
five   stars   great
five   stars   good
love   it .   second   time   buying   this   item   because   i   wore   the   first   one   out .   love   it .
quick   drying   of   hair   without   making   it   brittle .   gave   ...   quick   drying   of   hair   without   making   it   brittle .   gave   my   hair   quite   a   bit   of   volume   as   well   which   was   a   plus !
i   did   not   like   the   design   or   the   size   so   i   sent   it   ...   i   did   not   like   the   design   or   the   size   so   i   sent   it   back .   pretty   clunky   looking   and   too   large   for   my   dinky   bathroom .
base   is   not   sturdy !   i   purchased   this   item   last   year   and   used   it   once .   it   worked   very   well .   however ,   i   became   pregnant   and   didn   t   have   time   to   focus   on   my   hair .   when   i   went   back   to   use   it   again   earlier   this   year ,   it   toppled   over   and   the   legs   on   the   base   broke .   i   tried   gluing   it   together   but   it   didn   t   work .   i   am   disappointed   because   i   was   hoping   to   be   able   to   use   this   for   a   while   but   i   guess   not .   br   br   the   top   is   definitely   way   too   heavy   for   the   base   it   comes   with .   hoping   i   can   find   something   that   will   suffice   or   buy   a   replacement   base .   otherwise ,   that   s   104   down   the   drain .   not   cool ...
i   love   this   hair   dryer .   the   ideal   hair   dryer ,   small   yet   powerful .
five   stars   great   dryer .
five   stars   works   great   cools   itself   down   would   buy   again
but   it   works   great   for   me   my   first   hairdryer ,   so   i   don   t   have   much   to   compare   it   to ,   but   it   works   great   for   me .
one   star   retracting   cord   did   not   work   after   a   few   days !
nice   product   got   it   for   wife   to   replace   old   hair   dryer   she   had   and   she   loves   it   don   t   have   to   sit   in   one   spot .
five   stars   great   air   pressure
great   dryer   great   dryer .   it   is   very   powerful   and   gets   my   hair   dry   much   faster   than   my   old   one .
this   is   a   great   product .   it   s   bulky   this   is   a   great   product .   it   s   bulky ,   but   you   can   hang   it . it   works ,   but   for   all   of   the   advertising   hoopla ,   i   don   t   think   it   s   that   different .
hair   dryer   like   it ,   very   durable .   it   won   t   dry   your   hair   really   quickly   but   that   is   good   for   your   hair .
i   like   this   hair   dryer   and   can   t   believe   the   price   for   ...   i   like   this   hair   dryer   and   can   t   believe   the   price   for   such   a   great   quality   dryer .   highly   recommend .   way   better   than   anything   at   walmart   or   target .
five   stars   love   it
works   great .   don   t   know   how   it   does   it   have   had   it   for   8   months ,   works   great .   don   t   know   how   it   does   it ,   but   it   dries   my   hair   3   times   faster   and   with   less   heat   than   my   old   hairdryer .   not   disappointed .
five   stars   very   good
meh   it   can   tip   over   if   you   are   not   careful   and   it   is   a   little   bit   suffocating   feeling   when   you   put   down   the   visor .   it   is   definitely   not   for   someone   afraid   of   small   spaces !
nice   hairdryer   so   far   so   good .   dries   my   hair   without   any   frizz ,   is   lightweight   and   not   noisy .   comes   with   a   nice   4   year   warranty .
great   hair   dryer   i   bought   remington   ac2015   tstudio   salon   collection   pearl   ceramic   hair   dryer   almost   a   years   ago   02   august   2014   ,   and   it   is   a   great   hair   dryer   definitely   a   5   stars .   br   br   both   i   and   my   husband   and   occasionally   our   dog   have   been   using   this   hair   dryer   on   a   daily   basis   we   re   among   those   people   who   always   dry   their   hair   and   it   still   works   perfectly .   br   i   am   quite   picky   when   it   comes   to   hair   dryer   i   like   them   to   be   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   hair   quickly ,   but   i   also   want   them   to   be   gentle   not   to   kill   my   hair .   the   remington   ac2015   does   its   job   nice   and   quickly .   br   br   i   have   long   almost   waist   length   ,   thick ,   and   very   straight   hair .   i   wash   them   every   2   3   days   using   natural   products   lush   shampoo   and   conditioner   ,   and   also   oil   them   a   couple   times   a   week   jojoba   oil   either   rosemary   or   lavender   essential   oil   .   i   use   a   wooden   brush   but   only   when   they   re   dry .   so   yes ,   i   really   love   and   care   for   my   hair !   but   when   it   comes   to   drying   them ,   i   can   t   imagine   to   spend   a   lot   of   time   doing   it .   my   drying   routine   is   simple   1   i   remove   most   of   the   water   with   a   towel   gently   and   use   my   fingers   to   remove   tangles   2   then   i   blow   dry   my   hair   upside   down   3   finally ,   i   brush   them .   the   whole   procedure   takes   me   approx .   15   minutes ,   using   the   maximal   power   level   3   and   heat   again   3   of   the   hair   dryer .   br   br   my   husband   has   way   shorted   and   fewer   hair   than   i   do ,   straight   and   thin .   he   uses   my   same   shampoo   and   conditioner ,   but   won   t   do   anything   more   than   that .   he   wouldn   t   need   to   use   a   hair   dryer ,   but   love   the   feeling .   it   takes   him   less   than   a   minute   to   be   perfectly   dry .   br   br   my   dog   is   a   scottish   terrier   so   she   s   small   but   has   longish   and   super   thick   fur .   we   wash   her   in   the   bathtub   with   natural   castille   soap .   to   dry   her   fur ,   we   first   wrap   her   in   a   towel ,   and   remove   most   of   the   water ,   then   we   use   the   hair   dryer   alternating   medium   heat   level   2   and   cold   air   to   avoid   burning   her   skin .   when   she   starts   being   somewhat   dryer ,   we   use   her   brush   to   attack   the   most   hidden   hair   e . g .   armpits   .   it   takes   us   approx .   1   hour .   br   br   to   sum   up ,   this   hair   dryer   is   durable   and   high   quality   a   great   bang   for   the   buck !
two   stars   broken   after   1   year
since   2011   and   going   strong !   amazon   here   says   i   ve   been   using   this   since   september   of   2011 .   wow .   well ,   i   still   love   it ,   has   all   the   low   to   high ,   hot   to   cool   options   i   need .   i   have   no   complaints   about   this   and   i   would   definitely   buy   it   again   if   something   were   to   happen   to   it .   br   great   purchase .   br  
one   star   blew   out   coils   after   2   weeks   of   use .
five   stars   it   works   very   well   and   i   use   it   everyday !
worth   the   money !   love   this   dryer .   i   bought   one   for   my   daughter   because   she   wanted   mine !
great   little   hairdryer   i   love   everything   about   this   hairdryer   it   is   smaller ,   quieter ,   hangs   on   the   wall   and   i   just   plain   love   it !
four   stars   works   great   but   a   little   heavy .
it   works   and   its   my   go   to   dryer .   beat   blow   dryer !   my   husband   purchased   one   for   me   at   ukta   for   80 .   it   had   a   short   in   it   and   blew   up .   i   purchased   this   one   off   amazon .   i   have   crazy   thick   hair .   it   takes   me   about   15   20   minutes   to   blow   dry .   this   cuts   the   time   down   in   half .   it   is   on   the   heavy   side   and   the   buttons   are   in   a   horrible   place ,   buy   i   love   it !
five   stars   love   this   hair   dryer   becuse   its   small   and   powerful !
great   buy   excellent   product .   we   purchased   this   blow   dryer   in   2009   and   it   is   still   going   strong .
four   stars   good   hair   dryer   especially   for   the   price ! !
stinky   dryer   the   chemical   odor   associated   with   this   dryer   is   so   bad ,   even   after   sitting   out   for   a   week ,   i   had   to   return   it .   maybe   need   a   different   manufacturing   process ...
five   stars   great !
small   and   compatible   quality   product   i   love   conair   products .   i   never   had   any   issue   with   conair   products   in   past   and   i   will   keep   on   buying   it   in   future .   i   bought   this   one   for   my   mom   because   of   its   size .   its   small ,   light   and   folds   inside   which   is   good   for   travelling   purpose .   my   mom   loved   the   size   and   color .   the   noise   from   the   dryer   is   not   loud .
and   i   love   the   small   size   powerful   little   dryer ,   and   i   love   the   small   size ,   it   fits   well   in   my   tiny   bathroom .
okay ,   it   does   work ,   but   there   are   better   products   out   there   lasted   about   a   year .   i   m   back   to   remington ,   i   used   remington   hair   dryers   for   years   and   they   last   the   longest .   just   bought   a   new   20.00   one   at   walmart   and   even   it   has   a   2   year   guarantee   on   it .
five   stars   love   it ! !   drys   hair   fast ! !   no   frizz ! !
it   is   too   loud .   i   googled   quiet   hair   dryers   ...   it   is   too   loud .   i   googled   quiet   hair   dryers   and   it   came   up .
i   actually   love   how   this   dryer   performs   but   it   looses   its   motor   ...   i   actually   love   how   this   dryer   performs   but   it   looses   its   motor   and   heat   too   quickly ,   had   to   send   back   to   the   manufacturer   within   4   months   already   once   and   doing   the   same   thing   again
nice   little   hairdryer   i   like   it .   it   dries   my   hair   pretty   quickly   and   i   have   long   hair .
it   s   a   fine   dryer ,   and   i   use   it   occasionally   when   i   m   ...   there   s   a   learning   curve   with   this   dryer .   what   i   ve   learned   br   br   1 .   don   t   dry   your   hair   all   the   way   if   it   s   curly   the   frizz   will   erase   all   the   work   you   just   did .   br   2 .   place   your   hair   cradled   in   the   dryers   teeth   and   then   turn   it   on .   hold   for   as   long   as   you   need ,   then   turn   the   dryer   off   before   moving   to   a   new   section .   any   time   this   dryer   is   not   full   of   hair   and   right   up   next   to   your   scalp ,   it   s   making   a   frizz   mess .   br   3 .   after   drying   75   of   the   way ,   stop   and   clip   up   your   roots   to   avoid   flat   head .   i   find   that   the   hair   next   to   my   scalp   is   still   a   little   damp   and   susceptible   to   flatness .   br   br   it   s   a   fine   dryer ,   and   i   use   it   occasionally   when   i   m   in   a   hurry ,   but   for   curly   hair   i   m   a   2c   3a   with   fine   hair   i   find   it   s   always   best   to   air   dry .
five   stars   great   product !
great   quality   for   inexpensive   hair   dryer !   first   used   this   hairdryer   model   in   a   hotel   room   last   fall   and   loved   it .   my   own   hairdryer   finally   gave   out   so   i   had   the   opportunity   to   buy   this ,   very   happy   with   it .   retraction   of   the   cord   works   very   well   compared   to   my   previous   one ,   and   i   feel   like   i   have   less   frizz   after   drying   my   hair   with   this   one ,   probably   because   it   has   the   diffuser   at   the   end .   even   on   the   highest   setting   it   s   not   too   hot .
five   stars   love   it
loved   it .   i   was   skeptical   because   it   was   so   small   but   this   baby   packs   a   punch .   my   hair   is   past   the   halfway   point   of   my   back .   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   it   is   ombred   bleached   .   sometimes   chemically   treated   hair   takes   forever   to   dry   but   this   thing   does   the   job   as   if   it   s   a   regular   sized   hair   dryer .   definitely   a   plus .   if   it   breaks ,   you   ll   bet   i   ll   just   buy   another   without   complaint .
four   stars   it   works   as   expected ,   the   button   to   retract   the   cord   is   little   stiff   otherwise   it   is   prefect .
excellent   travel   dryer .   excellent   travel   dryer   for   our   european   trip .   the   only   downside   is   that   when   used   with   higher   voltage   you   can   only   use   one   setting .   the   low   setting   is   high   at   220v ,   but   it   worked   well   for   our   purposes .   i   recommend   this   highly .
five   stars   great   product   and   super   fast   delivery .
i   love   the   hair   dryer   i   love   the   hair   dryer .   it   s   small   enough ,   not   heavy   or   cumbersome   so   that   it   wont   aggravate   my   carpal   tunnel   syndrome .
basic ,   easy   to   use   value   for   rental   properties   basic   hair   dryers   for   a   wm   price .   why   stand   in   line   when   you   can   get   on   amazon   for   the   same   price   i   bought   one   for   each   bathroom   in   a   rental   property .
five   stars   very   cool
five   stars   really   great   gets   very   hot
best   hairdryer   ever ! !   this   hair   dryer   is   by   far   the   best   one   that   i   have   ever   owned !   the   price   was   definitely   right !   i   love   how   quiet   it   is   compared   to   other   hair   dryers   that   i   have   owned !   it   has   three   heat   settings   and   three   speed   settings   along   with   the   cool   button   that   you   can   press   to   get   a   blast   of   cool   air .   it   dries   my   hair   a   lot   faster   than   other   hair   dryers   and   it   leaves   my   hair   feeling   softer   than   when   i   dry   it   with   other   hair   dryers .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   to   others !
it   s   a   good   product .   bought   this   to   replace   the   exact   same   model   for   my   wife   that   was   10   years   old ...   it   s   a   good   product ...   works   really   good   and   easy   to   store ...
retractable   cord   no   longer   works .   it   was   nice   while   the   retractable   cord   worked ,   but   that   stopped   working   after   2   months .   now   i   have   to   stand   right   next   to   the   outlet   because   the   cord   won   t   pull   out .
stopped   working   after   4   months !   purchased   this   product   at   the   end   of   march   as   a   result   of   positive   reviews .   it   periodically   shut   off   until   finally   this   week   it   stopped   working   completely .   after   only   4   months ,   a   hair   dryer   should   not   stop   working .   definitely   would   not   recommend .
great   product .   just   wht   i   was   looking   for .   great   product .
five   stars   i   love   it
this   hair   dryer   fool   me   just   looking   at   it   on   the   page   this   hair   dryer   is   not   adjustable   and   does   not   have   enough   heating   power
dangerous   self   destruction   does   not   last .   flew   apart   in   pieces   one   afternoon   while   using   it .   i   am   a   guy   and   only   use   it   a   few   minutes   a   day .   plus ,   the   new   version   is   built   much   cheaper .   not   worth   49 .   never   had   a   fan   blade   split   apart   like   this   dryer .
five   stars   one   of   the   best !
can   t   complain .   my   girlfriend   has   had   this   for   3   days ,   so   obviously   comments   on   longevity   can   t   be   included .   it   works   well ,   light ,   cute   colors ,   can   t   complain .
highly   recommended   i   love   this !   not   only   does   it   take   way   less   time   to   dry   my   hair   this   way   when   i   m   in   a   hurry ,   but   it   makes   my   hair   voluminous   and   wavy   instead   of   flat   and   oily   and   curly   in   all   the   wrong   places !   there   s   a   bit   of   frizz   but   it   s   not   bad   compared   to   what   i   ve   experienced   at   the   hands   of   a   regular   hair   dryer .   amazing   product   for   a   curly   haired   girl !
i   love   not   having   the   hairdryer   laying   out   in   the   way   this   is   my   second   one   as   the   first   one   got   a   short   in   it .   i   love   not   having   the   hairdryer   laying   out   in   the   way .   it   helps   keep   my   bathroom   organized
nahh   doesn   t   even   work   i   dont   know   why   i   ve   kept   mine   for   so   long ...   oh   well
four   stars   all   ok
blows   out   too   much   smoke   this   hair   dryer   blows   so   much   smoke ,   it   has   to   be   unhealthy   for   my   hair .   when   i   made   this   purchase   i   was   looking   for   a   high   wattage ,   ceramic   ionic   hair   dryer .   after   the   first   use ,   i   have   realized   that   it   probably   has   a   high   wattage   but   the   other   selling   points   may   not   be   true .   i   have   always   purchased   professional   hair   dryers   and   never   did   they   blow   out   smoke   like   this   one .   i   do   not   recommend   this   product   and   wish   i   didn   t   waste   my   money   in   such   a   poor   quality   tool .
unhappy   with   retractable   cord   this   product   was   a   terrible   disappointment .   the   retractable   cord   stopped   retracting   almost   the   first   time   i   used   it .
two   stars   not   enough   blow
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned !   i   ve   had   this   blow   dryer   for   probably   a   little   longer   than   a   year   and   i   absolutely   love   it .   it   s   blow   power   is   incredibly   strong   compared   to   most   dryers   think   hurricane   vs   gentle   breeze   .   of   course ,   you   can   use   the   low   setting   which   is   powerful   too   but   if   you   want   to   dry   your   hair   fast ,   this   dryer   will   not   disappoint .   it   also   heats   up   quickly ,   cools   down   quickly ,   comes   with   several   attachments ,   and   has   a   long   cord .   the   only   downside   is   that   i   don   t   like   where   the   buttons   are   because   the   way   i   hold   it   to   dry   my   hair ,   many   times ,   i   accidentally   turn   the   heat   onto   cool   without   meaning   to .   i   would   buy   this   a   thousand   times   over .
stopped   working ...   the   hair   dryer   actually   worked   great   for   a   few   months   but   after   using   the   cool   button   the   other   day   it   will   not   blow   any   warm   air .
packaging   is   horrible .   it   came   in   a   broken   box   and   a   ...   dryer   itself   works   ok .   packaging   is   horrible .   it   came   in   a   broken   box   and   a   tangled   unraveled   cord .   not   suitable   for   a   gift .   ok   if   it   s   for   your   own   personal   use .
don   t   waste   your   money   don   t   waste   your   money .   i   mounted   it   and   it   s   terrible   loud   and   doesn   t   dry   hair   very   well   at   all .. now   i   have   to   unmount   again .
five   stars   great   dryer .   we   like   it   very   much .
great   for   the   money   i   waited   until   i   used   the   hair   dryer   for   a   couple   months   before   writing   a   review .   i   have   medium   length   hair   and   dry   my   hair   about   4   days   a   week .   so   far   this   hair   drying   has   held   up   very   well .   it   s   light   weight   and   is   actually   a   little   quieter   than   my   previous   revlon   hair   dryer   that   died   after   10   years   of   use .   i   don   t   use   the   diffuser   because   it   doesn   t   do   a   thing   for   my   board   straight   hair .   for   the   money   this   is   an   excellent   dryer .
good   dryer ,   tight   fit   this   dryer   does   its   job   well   and   is   convenient   to   use .   they   really   should   consider   changing   the   elastic   in   the   bonnet   to   a   string   that   is   more   adjustable .   the   elastic   was   so   tight   that   i   cut   it   out   and   restrung   it   with   a   shoelace .   there   would   have   been   no   way   i   could   have   fit   rollers   in   it   without   doing   that .
two   stars   the   first   time   i   used   it ,   i   cut   it   on   high   and   the   motor   popped .
three   stars  
love   this   dryer   and   its   pink !   i   really   like   this   dryer .   not   sure   why   complaints   about   the   cord   directions   say   to   hold   the   plug .   if   you   don   t   hold   the   plug   of   course   it   s   gonna   snap   back   and   hit   you .   as   for   the   noise .   yes ,   it   is   noisy   but   you   are   using   it   for   a   short   time   and   it   is   just   as   noisy   as   any   other   hair   dryer .   and   it   is   not   too   heavy .   i   think   it   dries   my   hair   fast   and   arm   does   not   get   tired .   all   in   all ,   i   would   recommend   this   dryer .   i   love   that   it   is   pink ,   the   cord   retracts   and   takes   up   little   space   for   storage .
quick   drying   dries   hair   quickly   without   getting   too   hot .
five   stars   works   fine   couldn   t   be   better
never   even   worked   i   bought   this   item   and   it   shipped   on   june   9 .   i   bought   a   place   and   finally   got   to   putting   it   up   july   12 .   it   didn   t   work   it   didn   t   even   turn   on .   i   went   online   to   amazon   to   exchange   it   for   one   that   worked ,   but   they   said   my   last   date   to   return   it   was   july   11 .   so   i   say   don   t   bother   buying   this   piece   of   crap   and   be   careful   about   buying   things   thru   amazon .
five   stars   drys   my   thick   hair   fast ! !
three   stars   i   expected   it   to   be   smaller .
five   stars   my   wife   loves   it ! ! !
excellent   our   clients   love   it .   it   has   a   quality   look   to   it .
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer ,   just   the   right   speed   and   temperature   to   do   your   hair .   best   hair   dryer   i   have   owned ,   beats   out   the   dryers   i   have   paid   almost   200   for .
but   is   definitely   better   than   the   ones   you   d   find   a   walmart   just   got   this   blow   dryer .   it   doesn   t   blow   as   hot   as   i   expected   it   to   heat   up .   just   used   it   to   style   my   hair .   but   is   definitely   better   than   the   ones   you   d   find   a   walmart ,   etc ... my   hair   is   relaxed   and   tends   to   absorb   a   lot   of   water .   i   will   post   an   update   later   with   additional   feedback ...
because   of   the   wider   nozzle   its   seems   like   less   air   dries   fast   and   a   bit   quieter   then   my   old   dryer .   because   of   the   wider   nozzle   its   seems   like   less   air ,   but   the   dry   time   for   my   hair   is   the   same .   perfectly   happy   with   my   new   dryer .
five   stars   great
five   stars   love   it
five   stars   i   bought   this   for   a   friend   as   a   gift   she   loves   it   she   has   her   own   shop   .
five   stars   the   best
soft   rubber   cord   last   1   year ,   then   shorts   out   causing   sparks   and   fire .   do   not   buy !   as   other   reviewers   have   stated   the   area   of   cord   where   it   comes   out   of   the   handle   wears   out   and   short   circuits   causing   pops ,   sparks   and   fire !   this   happened   after   1   year   of   use   almost   to   the   day .   i   live   alone   and   use   it   once   day   mostly   on   high   heat .   the   problem   is   obviously   a   cheap   cord   that   when   bent   back   and   forth   enough   times   will   wear   the   wire   enough   to   short   out .   this   is   not   a   fluke   but   bad   design   components .   when   i   compare   the   cord   to   other   dryers   i   clearly   see   the   difference   in   cord .   this   cord   has   more   of   a   softer   rubber   feel   and   a   dull   dark   color ,   where   proper   cords   have   a   shiny   finish   and   more   of   a   hard   vinyl   feel .   believe   me   this   will   happen   to   all   of   these   units   eventually   if   you   use   the   high   heat   settings   daily .   i   would   definitely   not   buy   this   again .   br   br   and   br   br   i   would   look   for   another   brand .
five   stars   does   the   job   for   a   great   price  
five   stars   i   love   my   new   blow   dryer .   it   does   not   dry   out   my   hair .   perfect .   thanks
hair   dryer   works   great .   good   price .   just   as   described
five   stars   so   far   works   great !
yes   to   the   settings ,   no   to   the   durability   i   appreciated   the   low   noise   level   and   range   of   heat   speed   settings .   unfortunately ,   the   product   lasted   less   than   a   month   with   daily   use   by   one   person .
great   value   love   this   dryer .   great   feature   at   a   great   price
five   stars   good   item   !
five   stars   excellent   product .   small   but   very   powerful .
five   stars   great   buy
five   stars   great
i   like   it .   the   hi   setting   does   get   very   hot .   the   lo   setting   works   just   fine   and   i   have   thick ,   curly   hair .   it   usually   takes   my   hair   a   long   time   to   dry   but   i   can   sit   under   this   dryer   20   minutes .   i   hate   sitting   under   the   dryer !   i   have   gone   to   the   salon   and   have   to   sit   an   hour   or   more   under   theirs !   adjusting   the   height   might   be   an   issue   for   some .   if   you   have   a   chair   that   can   raise   up   and   down ,   that   will   be   perfect .   overall ,   i   like   this   dryer .   i   use   it   about   twice   a   month   for   deep   conditioning   treatments   or   to   set   twist   styles .   i   m   glad   i   made   this   purchase .
bigger   than   expected   the   hair   dryer   is   smaller   than   my   regular   dryer   but   bigger   than   i   would   have   liked .   it   gets   the   job   done   and   i   like   that   it   folds   in   half .
five   stars   this   hair   dryer   is   very   powerful   and   dries   quickly .
i   m   growing   super   long   hair   and   this   makes   my   hair   so   soft   ...   well   worth   the   money !   i   m   growing   super   long   hair   and   this   makes   my   hair   so   soft   and   shiny !   i   should   have   discovered   this   earlier !
i   used   conair   before   and   those   malfunction   super   easily .   reliable ,   reasonably   loud ,   and   lasts   long .   i   used   conair   before   and   those   malfunction   super   easily .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   using   the   attached   comb   makes   it   very   easy   to   dry   my   hair .   two   thumbs   up .
four   stars   nice   hair   dryer ,   i   don   t   have   to   flip   my   head   upside   down   to   use   it .
should   be   recalled   this   is   the   first   1   star   review   i   have   ever   written .   this   blow   dryer   worked   fine   for   18   months .   however   i   heard   a   shriek   upstairs   when   my   wife   was   drying   her   hair .   she   said   it   was   on   fire   and   she   had   unplugged   it .   i   could   smell   the   burning   smell .   later   that   day   i   started   wondering   why   it   hadn   t   blown   a   breaker   and   decided   that   possible   lint   had   accumulated   and   touched   the   burner   wire .   i   did   clean   out   some   lint   and   turned   on   the   dryer   to   see   if   i   had   solved   problem .   no !   after   about   10   seconds   smoke   came   out ,   there   was   a   burning   smell ,   and   the   handle   got   hot .   obviously   this   is   the   last   of   this   product   for   us .   the   warranty   is   out   by   6   months   and   if   it   had   just   quit   working   that   is   one   thing .   but   this   is   a   safety   issue   and   the   product   should   be   recalled .
trying   to   figure   out   how   i   can   find   a   better   solution   then   this   plastic   piece   around   the   metal   pole   the   only   problem   with   this   dryer   is   that   the   long   metal   pole   connecting   to   the   hood .   the   round   piece   around   the   metal   pole   is   cracked ! ! !   trying   to   figure   out   how   i   can   find   a   better   solution   then   this   plastic   piece   around   the   metal   pole .
three   stars   nothing   too   special   here .   okay   hair   dryer .
i   love   it ,   and   it   does   a   great   job   of   ...   my   old   hair   dryer   quit   on   me .   so   this   one   has   been   used   since   the   day   it   arrived .   i   love   it ,   and   it   does   a   great   job   of   blowing   my   hair   dry .
nice   hair   dryer .   no   complaints   this   conair   hair   dryer   works   great .   it   runs   smooth   and   quieter   than   my   last   hair   dryer   an   old   remington   .   the   cord   retracts   nicely   into   the   handle   when   finished .   i   recommend   this   item .
great   dryer ,   great   price   truly   a   great   dryer !   i   ordered   one   for   my   mother ,   who   then   ordered   one   for   her   sister ,   so   naturally   i   had   to   have   one   of   my   own !   significantly   reduces   flat   iron   time .   i   took   a   star   because   the   brush   attachment   does   not   stay   on   properly .   it   comes   off   the   dryer   once   or   twice   while   i   m   using   it .   i   have   a   had   an   issue   in   the   past   with   most   style   dryers   tripping   the   gfci   outlet ,   but   have   not   had   an   issue   with   this   one .
love   it !   amazing !   absolutely   love   this   blow   dryer .   very   quick   dey   time   and   makes   my   hair   soft   and   shiney !
five   stars   good
five   stars   love   it .   highly   recommend   it .
super   shiny   smooth   hair   after   first   use !   i   love   this   hair   dryer ! ! ! !   i   can   t   remember   the   last   time   my   hair   looked   so   shiny   and   smooth   after   blow   drying   it .   i   am   so   glad   i   spent   a   little   more   and   got   a   quality   hair   dryer   finally .   i   can   t   believe   how   great   my   hair   looks   after   just   one   use !   i   will   update   my   review   if   necessary ,   but   if   my   results   continue   it   won   t   be   necessary !   highly   recommend   this   awesome   dryer ! !
five   stars   nice   hair   dryer ,   mounted   on   the   wall ,   clearing   counter   space   and   easily   acceptable .   varied   during   speed .... great   little   hairdryer .
quiet   but   extends   drying   time   did   not   meet   expectations   returning   for   refund .   the   motor   is   quiet   but   it   takes   a   longer   time   to   dry   hair   and   then   the   hair   is   fly   away   not   what   i   wanted   at   all .
quality   hair   dryer   still   working   years   later   quality   hair   dryer   still   working   years   later .   because   of   the   rounded   edges ,   it   does   not   sit   on   a   flat   surface   well   and   mine   has   fallen   and   gotten   chipped   over   the   years   but   it   still   works .
working   great !   exactly   what   was   described   is   exactly   what   i   needed !   working   great !
i   have   long   and   thick   hair ,   usually   take   me   ...   i   have   long   and   thick   hair , usually   take   me   over   and   hour   to   dry   my   hair   but   with   this   hairdryer   it   only   take   me   30   minutes .
this   is   a   great   blowdryer   to   take   traveling   this   is   a   great   blowdryer   to   take   traveling .   has   full   power   in   a   compact   size .   handle   folds   up   nicely .   used   it   in   france   wth   an   adapter .
i   wouldn   t   waste   my   money   on   this   my   hairdryer   fried   out   when   i   was   on   vacation   after   a   few   months .   i   replaced   it   with   a   30   revlon   hairdryer   that   has   lasted   four   years .   i   wouldn   t   waste   my   money   on   this !
five   stars   great   for   travel   with   lots   of   power   and   heat .
works   well .   my   first   one   lasted   20   years .   i   ordered   this   to   replace   it .
five   stars   works   great ,   easy   to   use .   lightweight   and   not   too   noisy   compared   to   others .   the   included   attachments   are   great .
three   stars   good   but   loud
excellent   quality !   i   love   this   blowdryer ! !   it   has   a   very   powerful   flow   of   air   which   is   excellent   for   straight   hair   like   mine .   comes   with   all   standard   attachments   and   i   think   would   be   great   for   any   type   of   hair .   excellent   quality   for   the   price .   i   have   had   mine   for   over   a   year   now   and   it   still   works   like   it   is   brand   new !
great   hair   dryer   love   it .   i   ordered   two .   works   great ,   small ,   lightweight ,   easy   to   handle .   like   the   long   cord   and   the   cool   shot   button .
works   great   and   does   dry   very   quickly   works   great   and   does   dry   very   quickly .   my   only   complaint ,   and   it   bugs   me   daily ,   is   that   the   switches   are   right   where   you   have   your   fingers   and   they   re   easy   to   flip   so   i   am   constantly   turning   it   off   on   while   drying .   that   s   annoying .
five   stars   product   excelent .   arrive   in   condiction   good .   thanks
five   stars   works   better   than   my   more   expensive   dryers .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   used   it   today   and   it   was   amazing .   i   have   thick   hair   and   it   dried   it   so   quickly !   and   i   used   no   products   today   and   my   hair   is   so   so   silky ! ! !   normally   it   takes   quite   a   while   to   dry   my   hair   and   i   use   2   products   plus   a   smoothing   serum   at   the   end .   this   was   amazing ! !   great   dryer   and   a   long   cord   too ! !   love   it ! ! ! !
five   stars   powerful   and   easy   to   pack   on   domestic   trip .  
five   stars   very   pleased .   folds   nicely ,   cord   retracts   well .
three   stars   love   it   but   the   watts   are   so   high   that   it   keeps   blowing   fuses   all   the   time ! ! !
it   was   easy   to   put   on   the   wall   this   dryer   is   what   i   wanted   at   a   reasonable   price .   it   was   easy   to   put   on   the   wall .
like   it   it   is   pretty   powerful   like   it   it   is   pretty   powerful .   took   on   vacation   and   use   it   in   my   rv   too .
i   love   it   i   absolutely   love   my   blow   dryer .   it   s   not   crazy   hot   to   the   point   of   burning   my   head   but   it   still   dries   my   locks   all   3.5   feet   of   it .
super   nice   hair   dryer !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   like   that   it   dries   my   hair   super   fast   and   it   is   super   light   to   hold .   the   curved   handle   makes   it   easy   to   hold .   great   price ,   too !
edited   review   after   six   months   edited   january   2016   after   only   six   months ,   this   dryer   is   wearing   out .   it   gets   way   too   intensely   hot ,   even   on   the   medium   setting ,   probably   because   the   fan   is   barely   blowing .   hardly   any   difference   at   all   between   low   and   high   fan ,   and   it   barely   makes   a   breeze ,   so   my   hair   is   getting   all   heat   and   no   movement .   i   went   out   and   replaced   it   today .
love   it !   so   convenient   love   it !   so   convenient .
great   product .   great   product !   ordered   and   choose   two   day   shipping   and   it   arrived   in   one   day .   used   this   product   same   day   and   got   excellent   results   with   a   protein   treatment   i   was   doing .
do   not   buy   piece   of   junk .   the   cord   keeper   feature   is   a   joke .   the   only   place   the   cord   keeper   keeps   it   is   outside   of   the   dryer .   do   not   buy
five   stars   good   product   .. !   recommended
five   stars   nice   weight   and   power !
don   t   waste   your   money   broke   2   days   after   30   days   so   i   can   t   return   or   exchange   on   amazon   for   a   new   one !   don   t   waste   your   money !   br   i   did   like   the   dryer   while   it   lasted ,   loved   the   color ,   however   to   pay   money   for   something   to   work   for   less   than   30   days ,   it   was   shipped   so   i   lost   a   few   days   there ,   is   a   joke .   this   might   be   the   best   dryer ,   per   stars   and   rating   on   amazon ,   but   for   the   money ,   go   to   the   local   cvs   or   rite   aid   where   you   can   take   it   back   and   exchange   the   product   when   it   breaks .   oh   well ,   sorry   amazon   prime   you   get   34   0   stars   34   for   this   one   too ...   sad   because   i   buy   almost   everything   with   prime .
i   love   it !   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   i   have   really   thick   hair   so   i   needed   a   professional   grade   dryer .   it   drugs   my   hair   very   quickly .
four   stars   i   would   it   like   more   if   i   could   control   the   intensity   and   temperature   of   the   dryer
amazing   stamina .   plug   it   in   and   it   never   stops   it   blows .   hot .   really   well .   amazing   stamina .   plug   it   in   and   it   never   stops .   not   expensive .
five   stars   best   hair   dryer   ever !   quite   heavy   if   that   is   an   issue .   i   love   it .
four   stars   great   hairdryer ,   does   what   it   needs   to .
excellent ,   we   love   it   love   it ,   very   convenient .   i   was   thrilled   when   i   got   a   hotel   room   and   they   had   this   hair   dryer   in   the   bathroom .   i   was   very   excited   when   i   saw   it   available   on   amazon .   i   really   didn   t   think   it   would   work   as   well   as   the   ones   in   the   hotel   as   i   figured   there   s   was   a   commercial   grade .   i   was   pleasantly   surprised   it   worked   just   as   well .   i   get   a   lot   of   compliments   on   it   when   i   have   guests ,   especially   those   that   forgot   to   pack   one   or   don   t   want   to   go   digging   for   their .   it   is   an   excellent   idea   for   bathrooms   or   teenagers   room .   my   granddaughter   has   asked   for   one   to   put   beside   her   vanity .   perhaps   santa   will   provide .
great   hair   dryer   for   dogs   and   people .   i   bought   this   for   drying   my   miniature   schnauzer   furnishings   at   home   and   at   shows .   i   picked   this   one   because   it   has   air   coming   in   from   both   sides   for   maximum   air   flow .   it   works   great .   i   ve   had   it   for   nearly   2   years   and   use   it   often   as   i   also   groom   for   a   few   other   owners .   it   still   looks   like   new   and   all   the   switches   work   just   like   day   one .   i   will   buy   again   if   this   one   ever   goes   out .   i   will   also   buy   another   one   if   my   personal   hair   dryer   different   brand   ever   goes   out .   i   ve   had   it   for   nearly   20   years .   lol
one   star   so   heavy   i   felt   like   i   was   lifting   weights .   this   went   back   the   same   day .
compact   dryer   delivers   quiet   drying   and   easy   packability   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   after   looking   without   success   for   one   this   small   in   local   stores .   i   have   only   been   using   it   for   about   two   weeks ,   and   it   is   meeting   all   of   my   expectations   thus   far .   the   size   and   weight   are   perfect   for   carrying   in   my   swim   bag ,   taking   up   much   less   room   that   my   defunct   dryer .   a   bonus   for   me   was   the   low   noise   level   of   this   appliance .   i   anticipated   a   loud ,   high   pitched   scream ,   due   to   the   compact   size ,   but   it   operates   with   quiet   efficiency .   i   have   short   hair ,   and   this   dryer   delivers   quick   drying   at   a   comfortable   sound   level   with   no   hassle   with   easy   packability .
heavy   and   has   a   weak   drying   power   not   thrilled   about   this   one .   it   s   cheap   and   it   shows .   heavy   to   hold   and   dries   the   hair   on   the   slower   side .   it   doesn   t   have   that   hurricane   effect   as   some   other   cheaper   model .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   it .
four   stars   great   but   a   little   on   the   loud   side
has   more   of   the   high   pitch   tone   that   makes   it   annoying .   otherwise   bit   on   the   noisy   side .   has   more   of   the   high   pitch   tone   that   makes   it   annoying .   otherwise ,   nice   and   light   weight .
three   stars   the   unit   was   cracked   in   serveral   places   when   i   received   it ,   but   all   in   all   it   worked   fairly   well .
five   stars   such   a   great   travel   hairdryer .   also   works   internationally   and   is   a   great   size .
four   stars   good   product .
this   one   blows   them   out   of   the   water   pun   very   much   intended   thank   you   to   everyone   else   who   posted   a   great   review ,   this   is   a   gr   i   guess   i   ve   always   been   using   sub   par   hair   dryers ,   this   one   blows   them   out   of   the   water   pun   very   much   intended   br   br   thank   you   to   everyone   else   who   posted   a   great   review ,   this   is   a   great   one   to   buy   and   i   m   glad   i   came   here   to   read   reviews   before   i   purchased .   it   s   pretty ,   very   powerful ,   and   my   only   gripe   is   the   buttons   are   reversed   from   my   last   dryer   so   i   m   constantly   making   it   hotter   instead   of   turning   it   off   br   br   10   10
great   wall   hair   dryer !   lots   of   power   and   easy   to   use .   fit   well   near   my   vanity   mirror .   very   pleased .
five   stars   super   fast   drying
five   stars   love   it ! ! !   drys   hair   quickly !
great   hairdryer .   you   can   definitely   tell   the   difference   from   a   regular   hairdryer   great   product .   this   is   the   second   one   i   have   bought ,   to   give   to   my   niece   as   a   birthday   gift   since   we   love   ours   so   much .
perfect   for   travel   compact   size   makes   this   hair   dryer   great   and   easy   to   pack   for   weekend   and   or   longer   trips .
  use   on   low   only   if   you   are   running   on   220v   this   little   dryer   works   great ,   but   a   few   words   of   advice   if   you   are   traveling   outside   of   the   us .   i   went   to   italy   so   i   set   the   switch   for   220v   before   i   left   so   i   wouldn   t   forget .   the   first   time   i   plugged   it   in   with   an   adapter   ,   i   double   checked   to   ensure   it   was   set   to   220 .   i   switched   it   on   low   and   it   was   working   fine .   i   then   switched   it   on   high ,   and   within   seconds   it   became   red   hot .   i   looked   at   it   and   immediately   pulled   the   plug   as   it   was   just   about   to   shoot   flames .   when   i   looked   at   the   voltage ,   it   had   changed   back   to   110 .   with   the   dryer   unplugged ,   i   set   it   back   to   220   and   toggled   the   hi   lo   switch .   what   i   realized   is   that   it   worked   fine   on   the   low   setting .   the   moment   the   setting   was   changed   to   hi ,   it   also   changed   the   voltage   back   to   110 .   once   i   got   this   figured   out ,   i   used   it   on   low   for   the   entire   trip   with   no   issues .   low   was   enough   to   dry   my   shoulder   length   hair .
four   stars   works   very   well
three   stars   cord   no   longer   retracts .
exceeds   expectations .   this   hairdryer   exceeded   my   expectations .   although   it   s   a   bit   on   the   heavy   side ,   its   compact   frame   and   powerful   air   flow   fully   compensate   that   one   drawback .   one   of   the   best   hairdryers   i   have   owned .
five   stars   buenisimo
quick ,   powerful ,   dry   love   hair   dryer .   wish   the   cord   was   longer   like   the   original   dryer   purchased   a   few   years   ago !   why   did   they   shorten   cord  
i   was   very   happy   with   it   i   purchased   this   to   use   on   a   trip   to   england   and   ireland .   i   was   very   happy   with   it !   it   is   very   small ,   lightweight ,   and   high   powered .   i   wouldn   t   want   to   use   to   all   the   time ,   but   i   m   very   happy   with   it   for   travel .
nice   dryer .   so   happy   i   finally   bought   this   dryer   for   my   bathroom .   it   has   great   power   but   can   be   gentle   with   the   lower   speed .
five   stars   i   have   extremely   curly   hair   and   this   dryer   is   perfect   for   me .   it   s   a   little   loud   but   worth   it !
love   it   this   is   a   replacement   for   the   one   i   have   had   for   many   years .
plenty   good   i   really   like   this   dryer ,   ti   does   the   job   well ,   i   have   not   used   the   attachment   since   i   have   short   hair ,   so   i   have   to   review   just   the   hair   dryer   alone   it   s   really   good ,   i   recommend   this   one .   plenty   of   choices   for   air   flow .
works   as   a   blow   drier   but   not   as   well   as   ...   works   as   a   blow   drier   but   not   as   well   as   the   rv544   for   just   a   little   bit   more   money .
great   settings   lots   of   power   fabulous   little   dryer   will   never   go   back   to   another   type .   great   settings   lots   of   power !   hangs   out   of   the   way   yet   right   there   when   you   need   it !
best   dyer   ever   this   is   the   best   dyer   i   have   ever   used ! ! ! !   i   have   frizzy   curly   hair   and   when   i   use   this   dyer   my   hair   comes   out   smooth   and   straight ...
the   dryer   is   good .   just   wish   the   attachments   stayed   in   place   i   use   the   concentrator   every   time   i   dry   my   hair .   it   falls   off   at   least   10   times .   it   gets   really   hot   too   so   it   s   a   pain   to   put   back   on   constantly .   the   dryer   is   good .   just   wish   the   attachments   stayed   in   place .
five   stars   great   dryer   and   delivered   in   just   three   days
pretty   decent   power   bought   for   my   11   year   old   daughter ,   she   loves   it .   the   price   was   just   right ,   and   it   s   simple   to   use .   pretty   decent   power ,   and   the   cold   shot   button   works   great   without   losing   power   like   some   i   have   owned   .   would   recommend   as   a   great   basic   hair   dryer .
con   air   hair   dryer   great   item   quick   service   thanks !
five   stars   compact   and   powerful .
great   for   travel !   travelled   to   brazil   and   were   a   bit   afraid   that   for   the   value   it   would   actually   work   well   on   220v   outlets ,   but   it   works   great   so   far !   only   problem   is   the   attachment   is   very   lose   and   does   not   stay   on ,   falling   easily   and   frequently   while   drying   my   hair .   but   still ,   i   recommend   it !
not   what   i   expected .   there   are   not   3   levels   of   heat .   there   are   3   levels   of   blowing   air ,   but   i   wish   the   heat   was   different .   not   what   i   expected .   i   do   like   the   retractable   cord   for   the   convenience   of   storage .   i   ve   used   the   dryer   for   about   3   weeks .
five   stars   love   the   built   in   nightlight
nice   dryer ,   great   bargain ,   would   recommend   love   this   dryer .   it   s   quiet   but   powerful ,   and   the   cold   button   really   works   without   losing   power !   unlike   the   last   dryer   i   had   .   other   reviewers   mentioned   it   s   weight ,   and   yes   it   does   feel   more   weighty   than   some   dryers ,   but   it   s   not   a   problem   for   me ,   sorta   feels   like   it   s   more   industrial   and   not   cheap .   the   outside   texture   of   the   dryer   is   nice   too .   overall   i   think   it   was   a   great   buy !
the   only   con   is   that   it   doesn   t   reach   the   back   ...   the   only   con   is   that   it   doesn   t   reach   the   back   of   my   head .   i   d   have   to   put   a   pillow   under   my   butt   and   lower   my   head   and   just   sit   there   for   a   while ,   and   that   cramps   up   my   neck   a   lot  
love   the   retractable   cord ! ! ! !   works   great !   love   the   retractable   cord ! !   it   does   go   back   in   fast   so   i   hang   on   the   the   plug   lightly   until   its   retracted   so   the   plug   doesn   t   swing   around   and   hit   something .
great   deal .   this   is   my   second   one .   the   first   one   has   been   broken   while   moving   home .   i   would   say   it   is   a   product   worth   its   price .   great   deal .
this   hair   dryer   doesn   t   function   well   after   i   used   it   ...   this   hair   dryer   doesn   t   function   well   after   i   used   it   for   a   month .   it   just   suddenly   became   so   hot   and   the   wind   was   not   as   strong   as   before .   also   it   is   a   little   bit   heavy .
too   loud   too   loud !   all   the   descriptions   about   the   noise   is   true .   br   and   the   low   setting   is   too   low .
buy   this   hair   dryer   you   will   not   regret   it !   i   don   t   write   many   reviews   but   this   hair   dryer   is   the   absolute   best   that   i   have   ever   owned   and   very   reasonably   priced .   i   live   in   humid   south   florida   and   have   shoulder   length   thick   hair   that   tends   to   frizz .   i   have   always   taken   care   to   dry   my   hair   carefully   and   thoroughly   with   a   round   brush   however ,   after   a   stint   in   the   florida   heat   i   am   all   frizz   again .   i   decided   to   upgrade   my   hair   dryer   and   read   many   reviews   before   selecting   this   one .   i   do   have   to   add   that   most   of   the   recommended   hair   dryers   were   priced   well   over   50   which   just   seems   like   too   much   to   me .   the   remington   ac9096   had   both   great   reviews   and   a   reasonable   price   and   best   of   all   it   works .   i   can   dry   my   hair   very   quickly   with   this   dryer   using   a   large   round   brush   and   the   end   result   is   soft ,   smooth ,   shiny ,   frizz   free   hair   that   stays   frizz   free   even   when   i   am   outdoors .   i   have   not   had   any   issues   with   my   hair   getting   caught   on   the   dryer ,   but   like   i   said ,   my   hair   is   only   shoulder   length .   if   you   have   hair   that   tends   to   frizz   in   the   humidity ,   buy   this   dryer .   you   will   not   regret   it .
i   bought   this   hair   dryer   recently   but   i   ordered   a   ...   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   recently   but   i   ordered   a   comb   attachment   and   it   cannot   fit ...   so   i   bought   another   different   one   that   which   is   bigger   and   they   said   was   universal   an   it   wont   fit   either ..   they   both   are   too   small   to   fit ..   can   anyone   tell   me   a   size   comb   attachment   i   can   buy   that   would   fit   on   this   hair   dryer   please
causes   black   outs   this   blowdryer   caused   outages   each   time   i   used   it   so   i   had   to   stop   and   buy   a   new   one ! !
five   stars   pretty   good   for   a   home   device
powerful   great   for   long   beautiful   hair   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   at   target   several   years   ago ,   and   was   sooo   impressed   with   the   power ,   that   i   would   randomly   talk   to   people   about   my   new   hair   dryer ! !   i   had   long   hair   at   the   time ,   and   it   cut   drying   time   down   significantly .   also   left   my   waivy   hair   perfectly   straight   and   silky   smooth .   br   br   i   do   think   after   a   few   years ,   the   ion   starts   to   lose   effectiveness   on   all   hair   dryers   i   ve   ever   had   .   i   had   it   for   at   least   4   years ,   before   the   back   filter   broke ,   and   then   my   hair   started   getting   sucked   into   the   back .   br   br   so   i   tried   several   different   dryers ,   even   expensive   name   brand   ones   like   babyliss ,   none   that   i   really   loved   like   this   one .   i   recently   chopped   my   hair   off ,   and   am   using   a   less   powerful   dryer .   but   after   realizing   my   love   for   this   dryer ,   i   went   ahead   and   bought   a   second   one ,   and   have   it   put   up   in   my   closet ,   to   use   again   once   my   hair   grows   back   out ,   and   i   need   that   power   to   straighten   and   dry   quickly   br   br   only   con   is   that   is   is   a   bit   heavy ...   after   having   no   luck   with   lighter   ones ,   i   realize   the   weight   is   worth   it .
but   if   it   lasts   i   would   definitely   recommend   it .   in   addition   to   being   one   third   the   size   and   significantly   lighter   than   my   old   dryer ,   it   did   the   job   in   half   the   time   of   my   more   powerful   unit   with   the   same   technology .   one   other   reviewer   said   that   it   burnt   out   after   2   weeks ,   but   if   it   lasts   i   would   definitely   recommend   it .
and   my   favorite   feature   is   that   you   can   have   high   air   with   ...   i   used   this   hairdryer   at   a   hotel   and   came   home   and   bought   one .   it   is   lightweight ,   and   my   favorite   feature   is   that   you   can   have   high   air   with   low   heat .   simple ,   cheap ,   and   works   very   well !
broke   within   5   months   after   limited   use   in   5   months ,   the   unit   only   works   on   low .   br   will   need   to   get   a   replacement .
overheats   over   heats   quickly ,   do   not   recomment
five   stars   best   hair   dryer !   same   dryer   as   my   hair   stylist .
five   stars   it   s   a   good   product   to   buy .   it   s   very   useful .
five   stars   good
durable ,   heats   fast ,   but   large .   works   good   and   outside   stays   cool .   durable   and   heats   and   cools   quickly .   turbo   mode   great .   be   aware   this   dryer   is   very   large .   the   plastic   hair   thingy   is   a   gimmick ,   but   the   dryer   is   good .
great   hair   dryer   for   the   price !   this   dryer   works   well .   i   think   the   temps   are   perfect   for   my   hair   very   fine   .   my   spouse   thinks   it   s   not   quite   hot   enough   thick   hair   .   i   love   the   different   fan   settings   on   inner   handle .   the   cool   button   does   not   change   the   fan   speed ,   only   the   temp .   i   have   had   this   for   a   few   months   now ,   and   it   really   does   a   nice   job .
great   lightweight   hair   dryer   great   lightweight   hair   dryer   with   2   speeds ,   worked   well   in   italy .   might   be   difficult   to   change   to   us   current ,   but   i   will   keep   it   for   the   next   trip   overseas .
five   stars   well   pleased
i   reall   like   this   dryer   light   weight ,   dries   efficiently .   i   reall   like   this   dryer .
nice ,   powerful   small   travel   hair   dryer   arrived   on   time .   nice ,   powerful   small   travel   hair   dryer .
five   stars   excellent
cheap   and   good   works   great
great   buy   great   buy .   works   just   as   advertised
great   little   dryer   very   nice   very   powerful   and   i   like   the   folding   handle .   dries   my   hair   in   no   time !
didn   t   receive   the   2nd   attachment   for   the   dryer   great   hairdryer   but   i   didn   t   get   the   round   attachment   brush   and   i   wanted   that .   i   tried   to   find   a   way   to   let   the   know   but   didn   t   because   the   writing   was   asian   l   will   continue   to   try   to   order   the   round   attachment
good ,   compact   dryer ,   but   loud !   this   little   dryer   is   really   easy   to   take   on   the   go .   it   gets   really   hot ,   which   is   good   for   my   incredibly   thick   hair ,   but   it   s   great   to   have   the   cooling   button   on   it .   it   is   a   loud   little   bugger   however !   anyway ,   it   s   a   good   purchase .   i   ve   used   it   several   dozen   times   on   trips   in   the   states   and   in   europe   and   it   s   served   its   purpose .
five   stars   save   a   lot   of   time !
no   whimpy   hotel   dryer ...   small ,   light   in   weight   easy   to   use .   it   does   the   job   i   love   it !
very   good   product .   it   doesn   t   seem   to   get   that   hot   very   good   product .   it   doesn   t   seem   to   get   that   hot .   i   don   t   know   if   it   just   needs   time   to   get   broken   in ,   or   if   the   infrared   technology   just   doesn   t   need   the   high   heat .   runs   very   quietly   and   its   built   like   a   tank .
nothing   special   it   was   ok   liked   the   heaviness   of   it   but   was   nothing   more   than   just   a   drugstore   blow   dryer .   was   hoping   for   more   of   a   difference   due   to   the   34   tourmaline   ceramic   34   name   but   nothing   special   or   different   than   my   last   conair   blow   dryer .
hair   dryer   my   wife   loves   it .
three   stars   its   ok ...   light   weight   but   noisey .
i   would   not   purchase   this   product .   this   blower   dryer   ...   i   would   not   purchase   this   product . this   blower   dryer   arbitrarily   cuts   out   during   blow   drying .   it   does   come   back   on   after   a   couple   of   minutes ,   but   i   ve   never   had   a   blow   dryer   do   that   before .
worth   the   investment !   nice   and   does   not   fry   hair !
five   stars   great   power !   shortened   my   drying   time   quite   a   bit .
five   stars   great   wall   mount   dryer .
five   stars   very   good
incredible   dryer !   we   found   this   at   a   local   store   just   looking   for   a   cheep   hair   dryer ,   and   i   have   to   say   that   i   am   incredibly   impressed   with   its   performance .   we   have   had   this   running   for   a   minimum   of   three   hours   straight   and   it   hasn   t   skipped   a   beat !   first   time   we   used   it ,   we   forgot   to   press   the   cool   air   button   and   ended   up   melting   pvc   pipe ,   so   as   far   as   heat   goes ,   this   thing   is   awesome .   its   heat   resistance   is   also   pretty   impressive !   we   have   had   it   right   up   next   to   about   1200   f   and   it   kept   working   it   had   a   bit   of   distance   from   the   heat   since   we   connected   it   to   pvc   pipe ,   but   the   pvc   funneled   heat   right   into   the   dryer   when   it   was   off   .   today   we   even   had   it   next   to   about   1300   f   and   not   a   thing   went   wrong !   so   all   in   all   we   have   ran   this   in   pretty   intense   environments   and   it   hasn   t   failed   us   yet .   we   ve   ran   it   4   times   like   this   and   it   was   able   to   preform   perfectly   each   time .   only   problem   we   had   was   that   at   around   hour   2   the   first   time   we   used   it ,   the   back   started   to   smoke .   we   thought   that   maybe   we   had   bought   a   cheep   dryer   and   that   we   d   need   a   different   one ,   but   soon   after   it   stopped   and   hasn   t   done   it   since .   we   were   using   it   in   a   small   drizzle   which   might   impact   performance ,   so   don   t   use   it   for   2   hours   in   a   slight   drizzle .   once   it   started   really   raining ,   we   moved   into   a   garage   and   continued   using   it ,   and   after   that   it   stopped   smoking .   but   all   in   all   i   d   say   that   it   is   a   very   good   purchase   for   a   low   price .   once   ours   busts   i   will   most   likely   purchase   another   revlon .
five   stars   love   this   dryer !   had   it   for   a   couple   of   years   and   it   s   still   going   strong .   powerful   and   hot !
one   star   i   love   it !
the   perfect   hairdryer   i   love   this   hairdryer .   it   has   a   lot   of   power   and   i   like   that   it   has   three   heat   settings   as   well   as   two   fan   settings   .   it   is   not   too   loud   and   not   too   heavy .
great   dryer   for   occasional   use   love   this   hair   dryer   for   the   price !
learned   to   check   hood   debth .   i   love   this   in   that   it   dries   my   hair   fast .   hood   needs   to   be   deeper   but   does   the   trick .   my   hair   is   short   could   be   hard   for   someone   with   long   hair .
finally   dry   hair   without   frizz !   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer ,   and   the   price !   i   have   baby   fine   hair ,   and   i   m   able   to   dry   it   without   leaving   it   all   frizzy .   i   clung   to   my   1500   watt   blowdryer   for   years ,   until   it   finally   died ,   since   the   1800   watt   dryers   i   d   tried   had   all   given   me   dismal   results .   maybe   it   s   the   ceramic   that   makes   the   difference   but   in   any   event   i   am   pleased   with   this   purchase !
as   promised   just   as   fast   drying   as   promised .   glad   for   the   force   choices .   the   high   speed   seems   to   tangle   my   straight   bob
great   replacement   for   a   reasonable   cost   fit   right   where   the   old   dyers   was   mounted .   great   replacement   for   a   reasonable   cost .
positives   and   negatives   the   dryer   has   several   good   features ,   and   i   especially   appreciate   the   cool   setting   and   how   the   cool   button   delivers   air   with   absolutely   no   heat   at   all .   other   dryers   i   ve   had   have   produced   still   slightly   warm   heat   even   when   the   cool   button   is   used .   not   this   one ! ! ! !   the   downside   for   this   dryer   is   the   diffuser   attachment .   it   is   much   too   small   and   does   not   diffuse   well   enough   to   not   have   my   fine   2   b   c   wavy   hair   not   blow   all   over .   luckily   i   was   able   to   use   a   diffuser   attachment   from   my   dryer   that   fried   recently   prompting   this   purchase   .   otherwise   i   would   have   had   to   return   this   dryer ,   even   as   much   as   i   m   loving   the   cool   air   feature .   hence   only   a   three   star   rating .
so   sad   i   was   so   excited   to   use   this   hair   dryer   for   the   first   couple   of   months ,   then   ad   some   of   the   other   customer   reviews   had   stated   it   quit   working .   the   heating   part   of   it   just   stopped   about   6   months   in .   so   sad  
the   old   version   purple ,   black ,   gold   logo   was   much   better   i   bought   this   to   replace   my   aging   hot   tools   dryer .   the   air   flow   is   weak ,   it   doesn   t   get   very   hot ,   and   there   aren   t   any   vents   near   the   nape   of   my   neck ,   so   the   back   of   my   hair   is   never   dry .   i   would   return   it   if   i   still   had   the   box .
incredible   dryer !   fast ,   soft   and   shiny   hair !   wow .   honestly ,   i   was   a   bit   skeptical   about   whether   there   would   be   any   difference   between   this   hairdryer   and   the   20   ones   i   have   been   using   my   whole   life .   i   couldn   t   be   more   wrong !   this   dryer   is   truly   head   and   shoulders   above   anything   i   ve   tried   before .   please   read   on   to   hear   about   the   technology ,   results   and   how   to   properly   use   this   should   you   be   convinced   to   take   the   plunge !   br   br   the   technology   br   rather   amazing   technology   here   from   the   engineers   at   panasonic .   using   a   high   electric   potential   they   create   negative   ions   which   trap   water   molecules   from   the   air   and   combine   them   with   the   hot   air   jet   of   a   conventional   dryer .   by   doing   this ,   they   buffer   the   air   jet   with   moisture   which   in   turn   prevents   damage   to   hair .   panasonic   has   been   leaders   in   this   area   of   technology   which   is   why   japan   enjoys   the   best   selection   of   such   hair   dryers .   br   br   the   results   br   as   other   reviewers   have   pointed   out ,   hair   is   dried   quicker   and   with   softer ,   shinier   results !   my   hair   is   short ,   but   for   most   women   with   longer   hair ,   the   results   should   be   even   better !   it   is   designed   to   run   cooler   to   protect   hair   from   heat ,   so   if   you   dry   your   hair   everyday   you   would   significantly   reduce   cumulative   damage   to   hair .   br   br   before   you   use   br   you   must   be   aware   of   the   electrical   requirements   for   using   this   fine   hair   dryer .   since   it   was   designed   for   the   japanese   domestic   market ,   it   is   made   for   their   electrical   system ,   not   the   u . s .   although   the   plugs   in   japan   and   the   u . s .   look   the   same ,   the   electricity   supply   is   very   different .   i   am   an   electrical   engineer   and   i   have   lived   in   japan ,   continue   to   use   many   japanese   products   in   the   u . s .   so   i   understand   the   differences   well   and   how   to   work   around   them .   in   japan   they   use   100   volts ,   however   in   the   u . s .   we   use   120   volts .   that   means   by   plugging   in   a   japanese   product   directly   into   the   u . s .   system ,   you   would   overload   the   product   by   20   .   for   a   high   wattage   device   like   a   hair   dryer   that   is   a   considerable   amount   over   the   intended   design !   indeed   some   other   reviewers   have   posted   pictures   of   melted   dryers   and   claimed   they   were   defective .   however ,   if   properly   used   this   should   not   happen .   in   fact ,   i   noticed   that   when   i   use   mine ,   the   hair   dryer   itself   stays   quite   cool .   br   br   see   my   pictures   below   which   show   the   electric   sticker   saying   100v   if   it   were   ok   for   u . s .   it   would   have   a   range   that   included   120v   .   i   have   also   posted   2   pictures   of   my   dryer   plugged   in   to   a   transformer .   note   the   first   one   with   the   power   off ,   my   voltage   reader   measures   105volts   this   is   close   enough   to   100v   .   the   second   one   has   the   power   on ,   and   it   is   consuming   1148   watts .   that   is   more   than   many   microwaves ,   so   you   can   imagine   with   20   overload   why   people   were   experiencing   bad   smells ,   melting   and   early   failure !   br   br   i   warn   that   a   proper   stepdown   transformer   capable   of   at   least   1200   watts   minimum   for   this   dryer   will   be   expensive .   but   used   within   its   capacity   will   last   forever .   i   personally   recommend   japanese   made   transformers   from   companies   such   as   sanyo ,   nissyo   or   toyozumi .   i   have   heard   poor   quality   control   on   chinese   made   ones ,   so   given   the   high   cost   of   the   dryer   or   any   other   japanese   product   you   would   consider ,   i . e .   panasonic   nanocare   steamer   i   would   invest   in   the   best   transformer .   furthermore ,   i   would   not   hesitate   to   purchase   a   japanese   transformer   used   on   ebay   as   these   are   very   durable   items   and   you   can   often   get   a   great   deal   they   come   up   from   time   to   time .   br   br   5   stars !   when   used   properly   will   provide   incredibly   healthy   looking   hair ! d   some   other   reviewers   have   posted   pictures   of   melted   dryers   and   claimed   they   were   defective .   however ,   if   properly   used   this   should   not   happen .   in   fact ,   i   noticed   that   when   i   use   mine ,   the   hair   dryer   itself   stays   quite   cool .   br   br   see   my   pictures   below   which   show   the   electric   sticker   saying   100v   if   it   were   ok   for   u . s .   it   would   have   a   range   that   included   120v   .   i   have   also   posted   2   pictures   of   my   dryer   plugged   in   to   a   transformer .   note   the   first   one   with   the   power   off ,   my   voltage   reader   measures   105volts   this   is   close   enough   to   100v   .   the   second   one   has   the   power   on ,   and   it   is   consuming   1148   watts .   that   is   more   than   many   microwaves ,   so   you   can   imagine   with   20   overload   why   people   were   experiencing   bad   smells ,   melting   and   early   failure !   br   br   i   warn   that   a   proper   stepdown   transformer   capable   of   at   least   1200   watts   minimum   for   this   dryer   will   be   expensive .   but   used   within   its   capacity   will   last   forever .   i   personally   recommend   japanese   made   transformers   from   companies   such   as   sanyo ,   nissyo   or   toyozumi .   i   have   heard   poor   quality   control   on   chinese   made   ones ,   so   given   the   high   cost   of   the   dryer   or   any   other   japanese   product   you   would   consider ,   i . e .   panasonic   nanocare   steamer   i   would   invest   in   the   best   transformer .   furthermore ,   i   would   not   hesitate   to   purchase   a   japanese   transformer   used   on   ebay   as   these   are   very   durable   items   and   you   can   often   get   a   great   deal   they   come   up   from   time   to   time .   br   br   5   stars !   when   used   properly   will   provide   incredibly   healthy   looking   hair !
five   stars   meets   my   needs   perfectly . !
four   stars   it   works   good   and   has   a   great   nightlite
didn   t   work   with   an   inverter   or   converter   started   smoking   while   ...   didn   t   work   with   an   inverter   or   converter   started   smoking   while   abroad .   but   has   a   lot   of   power   for   a   small   dryer
five   stars   good   so   far
three   stars   good   when   working .   cord   broke   at   handle   in   a   few   months
four   stars   two   speeds   and   two   heat   settings .   does   not   have   air   only   setting .
five   stars   yes ! ! !
two   stars   tooooooo   small   than   that   i   expected .   can   grab   in   one   hand .   really   small
good   hairdryer   that   isn   t   too   loud   like   most   reviews   i   have   the   same   comments .   a   little   heavy   but   doesn   t   really   bother   me .   i   wish   there   was   a   removable   grill   screen   on   the   back   to   prevent   hair   from   getting   in .   i   like   that   it   isn   t   too   loud .   it   is   a   good   hair   dryer   and   a   decent   price .
i   would   definitely   recommend   this   is   a   new   kind   of   dryer   for   me .   it   has   an   ionizer   in   it   or   something   similar   to   that .   when   the   hair   dryer   is   on   there   is   an   orange   glow   coming   from   the   nozzle .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   it   takes   me   forever   to   dry   it .   this   hair   dryer   cut   that   time   down   significantly .   i   would   definitely   recommend   it
great   hair   care   product !   another   great   product .   you   have   many   settings   available   to   you   and   the   retractable   cord   is   a   real   bonus .   i   hang   my   blow   dryer   in   a   over   the   door   hair   product   caddy ,   and   it   s   much   easier   to   close   the   cabinet   door   now   without   a   cord   getting   in   the   way .   i   have   very   fine ,   short   hair   and   this   dryer   fluffed   it   up   nicely   and   it   s   very   fast .
i   don   t   like   that   the   diffuser   doesn   t   prevent   my   hair   from   blowing   ...   i   don   t   like   that   the   diffuser   doesn   t   prevent   my   hair   from   blowing   all   over   the   place   when   i   m   trying   to   dry   my   curls   with   little   air   movement .
perfect   size   for   the   small   suitcase   i   had   to   use   ...   perfect   size   for   the   small   suitcase   i   had   to   use   for   a   trip   to   italy .   it   has   good   power   and   works   well .
cheap ,   but   marginal   at   best ...   i   had   high   hopes   for   this   dryer   based   on   the   reviews ,   but   it   s   marginal   at   best .   the   heat   setting   is   pretty   weak ,   and   if   you   have   a   ton   of   hair ,   forget   about   it .   for   me ,   i   ll   keep   using   it ,   but   my   wife   said   she   d   never   be   able   to   use   this   on   a   daily   basis .
pros   saves   room   on   the   counter ,   compact   size   ...   pros   saves   room   on   the   counter ,   compact   size ,   hi   setting   is   strong .   br   br   cons   it   only   lasted   two   years   and   one   month .   had   to   re   order   one   again   today   because   we   had   already   installed   the   metal   panel   on   the   wall   and   didn   t   want   to   have   to   take   it   off   and   repaint   and   redo   it   all .   br   br   hopefully   this   new   one   will   come   soon   and   last   longer .   we   shall   see ...
2   pounds   is   not   lightweight !   same   weight   as   my   old   big   dryer .   not   lightweight !
a   great   product   for   a   great   price !   overall   a   great   hair   dryer ,   but   since   the   outer   shell   along   with   attachable   head   nozzles   are   plastic ,   it   can   emit   a   somewhat   funky   smell   if   left   on   for   too   long   and   on   too   high   of   a   temperature .
powerful   i   usually   have   to   take   my   full   size   hair   dryer   on   vacation   because   the   ones   at   hotels   are   wimpy .   i   decided   to   research   smaller   hair   dryers   this   one   looked   great .   i   just   tried   it   today   to   my   surprise ,   i   liked   it !   it   dried   just   as   fast   as   my   full   size   dryer .
caught   fire   during   use   after   3   months !   malfunctioned !   ordered   this   blowdryer   in   march   2015   for   occasional   use   at   home   i   am   a   guy   with   short   hair   so   i   barely   use   it   daily   .   it   malfunctioned   only   three   months   later   in   june   2015 .   i   was   drying   my   hair   one   morning   and   flames   shot   from   the   dryer   at   my   head   i   did   not   get   burned   nor   did   my   hair   but   it   was   pretty   surreal   to   see   the   dryer   nearly   on   fire .   unfortunately ,   they   are   no   longer   available   i   have   no   way   to   contact   the   seller   and   so   i   am   stuck   buying   another   dryer .   i   have   included   a   picture   to   show   the   extent   of   the   glowing   fire   at   the   end   of   this   dyer .   buy   this   allure   hair   dryer   at   your   own   risk !   if   the   seller   reads   this   review   i   would   appreciate   being   contacted   for   replacement .   thanks !
four   stars   like   it   but   the   cord   needs   assistance   retracting   and   could   have   more   power .
five   stars   wife   loves   it .
good   product   gf   brought   it   and   loves   it .   i   am   a   guy   and   don   t   use   it   myself .
five   stars   works   like   a   professional   hair   dryer   should .
three   stars   good   product
great   value   works   excellently .   can   easily   clean   out   the   air   intake   grill   work .   only   wish   the   mounting   to   the   wall   plate   was   more   secure .
nice   dryer .   nice   cheap   dryer .
great   product   for   a   great   value   great   product   for   a   great   value .   honestly   was   worried   about   the   price   point   at   first   but   it   was   a   good   buy  
great   quality   nice ,   sturdy   good   quality .   haven   t   used   it   yet   but   plugged   it   in   and   waited   a   while   for   it   to   get   hot   but   had   to   turn   it   off   before   it   actually   produced   real   heat .
this   one   is   really   good .   it   provides   a   good   flow   of   air   and   ...   i   got   this   hair   dryer   to   replace   a   dryer   i   had   for   several   years .   this   one   is   really   good .   it   provides   a   good   flow   of   air   and   has   3   different   heat   settings   and   speed   settings .   i   would   recommend   it .
i   thought   i   was   buying   the   same   dryer   as   my   ...   i   thought   i   was   buying   the   same   dryer   as   my   old   one .   this   one   takes   much   longer   to   dry   my   hair   and   the   cord   is   not   as   long .
not   professional   as   i   expected .   had   to   return   it .   it   wasn   t   as   i   expected .   br   i   had   to   return   it .
five   stars   perfect
great   price .   great   price .
and   we   had   good   luck   with   conair   in   the   past   my   wife   and   i   needed   a   new   hair   dryer ,   and   we   had   good   luck   with   conair   in   the   past ,   so   i   thought   i   would   try   this   new   model   which   was   just   introduced .   works   really   great ,   and   much   much   quieter   than   the   old   one ,   too .   absolutely   would   recommend   it !   5   stars .
sending   it   back .   blows   too   hard   on   high .   ...   sending   it   back .   blows   too   hard   on   high .... needs   another   speed   besides   low .
five   stars   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   owned !   loved   the   solid   feel   and   design !
five   stars   wow
heads   up   bought   a   new   hair   dryer   a   few   years   ago   and   it   stopped   working .   wow   they   just   don   t   make   them   like   they   used   to .   br   previous   hair   dryer   lasted   10   years .   but   this   one   is   wonderful .   noise   level   is   pleasant .   lightweight   for   this   110   pound   girl .   br   love   the   heat   options .   does   a   wonderful   job .   i   hope   it   lasts .
five   stars   great   dryer
wife   thinks   this   thing   is   the   best   dryer   she   s   ever   had   wife   thinks   this   thing   is   the   best   dryer   she   s   ever   had !   claims   it   drys   her   hair   quickly   without   leaving   all   the   static .   i   wouldn   t   know   since   i   m   bald   but   i   m   glad   i   bought   it   for   her .
a   great   mothers   day   my   wife   loves   it .   a   great   mothers   day   present
great   travel   hair   dryer   perfect   for   air   travel   as   is   compact   and   fits   in   my   cloth   bag   love   that   it   has   the   diffuser .
two   stars   i   ve   had   this   hairdryer   for   7   months ,   and   today   it   died .
five   stars   great   dryer   works   fast   and   has   a   long   cord   so   you   can   move   around .
five   stars   this   dryer   is   just   what   i   wanted .
two   stars   the   cord   is   so   short   i   have   to   stand   at   the   plug
would   buy   again   works   great   the   2   nozzles   come   on   and   off   fine   much   lighter   than   my   previous   dryer .
three   stars   good   dryer   but   the   buttons   aren   t   easy   to   move .
excellent   dryer   for   the   price   i   ve   never   had   it   in   me   to   buy   an   expensive   blow   dryer ,   so   i   m   no   expert   on   dryers .   but   i   m   very   satisfied   with   this   one .   very   powerful   and   you   can   t   beat   the   price
four   stars   i   love   it
okay   for   the   money ,   but   doesn   t   last .   good ,   but   ony   lasted   a   year .   didn   t   re   purchase ,   going   back   to   remington .
three   stars   longer   than   i   thought   it   was   from   the   picture .   actual   dimensions   are   needed .
five   stars   worka   well
too   hot   while   the   weight   is   decent .   it   s   not   designed   well   from   a   hand   use   perspective .   also   no   cool   setting .   hot   air   on   low   and   high
great   product !   the   retractable   cord   is   really   nice   great   product !   the   retractable   cord   is   really   nice .   the   air   does   not   add   static   to   the   hair .   i   wish   it   came   in   other   color   options .
great   little   dryer !   i   have   long ,   fine ,   and   straight   hair   and   this   has   turned   out   to   be   my   go   to   dryer .   it   gets   hot   enough   but   not   too   hot .   it   is   perfect   for   styling .   very   happy   with   it .
four   stars   loved   it .   broke   after   a   year
five   stars   excellent   great   buy
nice   blow   dryer   so   far   had   about   a   month   blows   ...   nice   blow   dryer   so   far   had   about   a   month   blows   very   strong   and   gets   pretty   hot   i   have   long   very   frizzy   hair   and   blows   it   straight   with   a   round   brush   pretty   quickly .   br   it   s   pretty   heavy   but   i   don   t   mind   the   weight .   4   stars   due   to   nozzle   falls   off   if   you   don   t   push   it   in   tight   ever   time   you   use   it   but   other   than   that   no   complaints .
love   it   i   love   it !   it   s   not   as   strong   as   i   expected ,   but   my   hair   dries   super   fast .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   owned   this   is   by   far   the   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .   i   have   longer   thick   hair   and   this   dryer   cuts   my   hair   styling   time   in   half .   light   weight   and   easy   to   use .   the   only   thing   i   would   change   is   maybe   the   location   of   the   switches .   i   find   myself   hitting   the   switches   to   easily   when   styling   my   hair .
excellent   excellent
five   stars   great   hair   dryer   and   so   easy   to   install .
five   stars   good   power   and   nicely   styled .
excellent   product   exactly   what   i   wanted .   excellent   dryer .
one   star   brush   too   soft .   gave   it   away .
cant   beat   it   for   the   price .   not   100   as   powerful   as   my   old   hair   dryer ,   but   its   so   compact   and   gets   the   job   done .   my   hair   feels   a   lot   softer   and   not   burnt ,   so   the   lower   heat   seems   to   be   fine .   ive   only   had   it   a   month ,   so   i   cant   say   how   long   the   cord   retract   works .   for   20 ,   if   it   lasts   a   year   its   better   than   the   competition .   i   was   looking   at   other   hair   dryers ,   and   10   more ,   20   more   didnt   seem   to   be   much   of   a   difference .   not   until   you   go   to   100   ,   and   when   your   comparing   a   100   hair   dryer   to   a   20   one ,   the   20   one   is   the   hairdryer   to   go   with .   update   retractable   cord   doesn   t   always   fully   retract .   still   works   fine .   i   would   have   liked   an   easier   to   clean   one   but   this   works .   i   use   my   shop   vac   to   demolish   the   lint   in   the   rear   fan .   for   the   price   it   s   still   a   good   bargain .
it   s   the   perfect   size ,   love   powerful   and   not   expensive ,   it   s   the   perfect   size , love   it
five   stars   wife   likes   it
improved   my   hair   style   if   i   had   only   known   what   a   difference   a   hair   dryer   can   make   for   your   hair .   i   admit   that   i   love   to   buy   beauty   products ,   but   especially   hair   products .   my   hair   is   colored   highlighted ,   fairly   straight ,   but   not   thin .   lately   i   keep   buying   products   to   take   the   dry   frizz   that   seems   to   appear   on   the   ends   of   my   hair .   little   did   i   know   that   using   the   conair   tourmaline   hair   dryer   would   solve   that   problem   immediately .   the   dryer   has   settings   for   the   usual   hot   cold   warm   settings   and   high   medium   low ... but   it   s   nice   to   have   the   controls   slide   on   either   side   of   the   device .   it   s   a   powerful   1875   watts   that   dries   my   hair   faster   with   ions   and   gives   it   body   plus   takes   away   the   dry   ends   almost   100   .   my   co   workers   noticed   my   hair   looking   better   too .   ironically ,   i   don   t   always   use   a   blow   dryer   because   i   want   healthy   hair ,   but   this   dryer   seems   to   make   my   hair   look   better .   for   the   price   and   function ,   i   recommended   this   dryer .
two   stars   disappointed   thought   it   would   work   on   my   hair ... but   made   my   curly   hair   straight ... with   the   diffuser !
five   stars   the   wife   loves   it ! ... the   night   light   is   bright ,   but   not   harsh !
...   hotel   that   my   husband   and   i   stayed   at   and   loved   so   much   that   when   we   got   home   i   went   ...   first   discovered   this   brand   of   hairdryer   at   a   hotel   that   my   husband   and   i   stayed   at   and   loved   so   much   that   when   we   got   home   i   went   online   to   find   one .   it   is   made   very   well ,   a   little   more   expensive   than   what   you   would   pay   for   one   from   walmart   but   that   was   okay   with   me .   i   haven   t   always   had   good   luck   in   the   past   with   hairdryers   but   i   think   i   ll   have   this   andis   for   a   long   time .
wonderful   hairdryer   ive   had   this   blow   dryer   for   a   little   while   now   maybe   a   month ...   great   temp   and   powerful   but   it   whistles   and   rattles   as   if   something   is   loose   inside ...
good   product   i   like   this   hair   dryer .   it   has   good   functions   available   and   it   blows   good ,   quiet   heat .   although   it   s   a   bit   heavy   to   hold ..
good   works   really   well .   my   hair   is   short   but   it   did   what   i   wanted   it   to   do .   good   investment .
five   stars   perfect .   just   as   described .
great   little   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   dryer   for   travel   and   it   is   perfect .   plenty   of   power   and   folds   up   br   for   easy   packing .
great   hair   dryer !   this   hair   drying   is   great   for   travel .   perfect   size !
amazing   at   first   amazing   at   first .   it   gave   me   natural   flawless   curls   but   after   a   month   of   using   it ,   it   stopped   working .   i   had   to   re   place   it .
four   stars   good   quality   and   value   i   love   it
loved   it ,   worked   great   bought   this   in   2013 .   loved   it ,   worked   great .   all   of   a   sudden   stopped   working .   contacted   seller   and   they   said   because   it   was   2   years   ago ,   they   wouldn   t   replace   it .   not   sure   i   would   spend   the   money   again ,   considering   it   broke   after   2   years .
five   stars   excellent   100  
five   stars   hair   dryer   works   perfectly   highly   reccomend
comb   attachment   falling   apart .   i   purchased   this   product   march   27 .   it   is   june   15 .   the   comb   attachment   started   losing   teeth   after   the   3   use .   the   attachment   now   has   a   crack   in   it .   very   upset .   the   whole   reason   i   purchased   this   dryer   was   because   of   the   comb   attachment .   i   am   going   to   try   to   contact   the   seller   to   see   if   they   will   replace   it .   it   s   too   late   to   return .   also ,   it   s   actually   melting .
great   !   great   dryer ,   easy   to   put   on   wall .   very   happy   with   it .   nice   nite   lite .
five   stars   love   this   dryer .   i   specifically   chose   it   because   it   is   not   as   loud   as   others .
disappointed ...   i   only   got   to   use   it   1.5   times   when   i   was   in   the   middle   of   using   it   the   second   time   when   it   sparked   and   burned   out ....   i   would   like   a   refund   but   don   t   know   how   to   go   about   it .   i   used   to   have   one   that   lasted   for   10   years   befo   re   ti   burned   out
i   am   very   disappointed .   i   purchased   this   item   less   than   3   months   ago .   after   using   the   product   for   about   4   weeks ,   i   noticed   that   the   handle   got   incredibly   hot ... too   hot   for   me   to   hold   without   it   burning   my   hand .   today ,   less   than   12   weeks   after   purchasing ,   the   hair   dryer   started   smoking   and   completely   shut   down .   needless   to   say ,   i   am   very   disappointed .
size   doesn   t   always   matter   lots   of   power   in   this   little   guy   handle   folds   if   storage   is   a   problem   in   a   drawer   or   a   suitcase .
just   okay ....   doesnt   seem   to   have   ...   just   okay .... doesnt   seem   to   have   a   strong   blowing   power ,   and   the   on   off   switch   is   located   on   the   handle   right   where   you   hold   it   which   makes   it   turn   off   when   you   are   using   it .   the   filter   door   keeps   popping   open   too .... i   kept   it ,   but   not   all   that   thrilled   with   it .
three   stars   not   very   powerful   and   took   me   longer   than   usual   to   dry   my   hair .
four   stars   delivered   on   time ... as   described
this   is   perfect   for   travel   this   is   perfect   for   travel .   it   is   the   smallest   dryer   i   have   seen ,   but   it   s   power   is   not   diminished .
great   hair   dryer .   this   hair   dryer   was   all   it   was   advertised   to   be .   it   is   very   easy   to   use   and   light   weight .
junk !   the   elchim   dryer   is   the   worst   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .   it   is   loud ,   controls   are   not   easy   to   use ,   heavy   and   no   filters .   my   current   dryer   is   10   years   old   and   is   a   professional   model ,   much   nicer .   i   gave   this   one   to   our   abused   women   s   center .   in   asking   beauty   salons   about   it   i   did   not   find   one   hair   stylist   that   was   familiar   with   the   name   or   had   used   it .   don   t   waste   your   money   on   this   one ,   it   is   a   piece   of   junk .
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   worth   the   money   and   good   quality   no   issues
five   stars   great   product
five   stars   favorite   hairdryer !
one   star   too   loud   and   the   kind   of   thick !   and   for   the   price   i   would   expect   more !
awkward   grip   on   handle ,   it   kinda   bugs   my   finger   ...   awkward   grip   on   handle ,   it   kinda   bugs   my   finger   holding   it .   doesn   t   dry   my   hair   as   fast   as   other   blow   dryers   i   ve   had .
five   stars   the   perfect   pink   dryer ! !   i   love   it !   thank   you !
awesome   for   fine   hair   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   after   having   it   in   my   hotel   room   in   disney !   i   was   using   it   and   was   really   impressed   with   the   speed   at   which   is   dried ,   the   fullness   of   my   hair   and   also   the   weight   of   the   machine .   love   the   retractable   cord .   my   hair   is   very   fine   and   fly   away ,   especially   in   the   humid   weather .   my   style   held   even   in   the   florida   heat .   so ,   i   came   home   and   ordered   one .   love   it !
the   blow   dryer   is   very   light   and   had   good   power   but   failed   completely   in   less   than   2   months   this   is   a   replacement   of   the   same   blow   dryer   that   i   had   purchased   based   on   a   recommendation   from   a   magazine .   the   blow   dryer   is   very   light   and   had   good   power   but   failed   completely   in   less   than   2   months .   i   have   had   the   replacement   for   3   wks   now   and   there   are   times   the   motor   slows   and   i   think   it   too   is   going   to   stop   completely .
great   dryer   works   good ,   lots   of   power .   love   this   dryer .   i   have   been   looking   for   this   old   style   dryer   like   my   aunt   used   when   she   was   a   stylist .   always   loved   it   great   to   find   one   works   wonderfully .
five   stars   good
best   hair   dryer ! !   this   hair   dryer   is   fantastic ! !   i   can   dry   my   hair   in   half   the   time   it   used   to   take   me   with   my   old   dryer .   i   have   very   thick   long   hair   and   it   s   so   annoying   to   have   to   dry   it   but   when   i   do   this   is   the   best   one   i   ve   ever   used .
everything   seems   to   dry   faster   with   this   product .   work   so   well   we   bought   two !
one   star   died   within   3   months   of   use   every   other   day .
five   stars   great   quality
nice   mini   hair   dryer   great   when   traveling .   the   right   size   to   carry   in   your   luggage .
very   satisfied   works   well .   folds   easily .   very   handy   for   travel .   had   another   one   for   many   years   and   it   very   stopped   working .   was   stolen   from   our   van   during   a   cross   country   trip .  
awesome   !   would   absolutely   buy   it   again !   the   highest   speed   is   great !   even   though   i   have   short   hair   i   m   sure   anyone   with   long   hair   would   find   this   dryer   quick !
perfect   for   the   price   a   solid   hairdryer .   not   high   end ,   but   perfect   for   the   price .
5   years   in   the   salon   i   like   the   dryer   i   have   used   this   for   1.5   years   in   the   salon   i   like   the   dryer ,   actually   gets   too   hot   so   i   rarely   use   it   on   high   heat ,   the   cold   button   is   placed   in   a   good   spot ,   dryer   tends   to   be   a   little   heavy   when   using   all   the   time .   but   it   hasn   t   given   me   any   trouble ,   over   all   it   was   a   good   buy .
great   i   really   like   the   hair   dryer .   the   cool   switch   is   great .   in   other   hair   dryer   i   had   to   hold   down   the   cold   button .   does   its   job .
five   stars   excellent
big   not   travel   size .   works   well   but   heavy   and   large .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly ,   and   my   hair   dries   very   smooth   and   soft .   i   had   an   issue   with   the   cord   of   mine   not   staying   locked ,   but   i   was   able   to   easily   exchange   it   for   the   same   hair   dryer   which   did   not   have   the   locking   problem .   must   have   been   a   fluke ,   but   it   was   very   easy   to   return !
dries   nicely ,   not   too   loud   dries   nicely ,   not   too   loud .   i   don   t   know   if   i   really   notice   the   nanoe   feature   s   effects   compared   to   my   old   hair   dryer ,   but   i   would   still   buy   it   again .
functional   still   works   great   but   all   the   graphics   came   off   within   a   week .   if   you   have   any   product   on   your   hands ,   expect   the   same   results .
good   hairdryer   for   the   price .   good   hairdryer   for   the   price .   some   hair   dryers   really   make   my   color   treated   hair   look   dry   and   frizzy .   this   one   works   well   with   my   hair   type   to   keep   it   looking   smoother   than   the   average   dryer .
love   it   nice   blow   dryer .   comes   with   a   comb   too ,   which   is   what   i   needed .   i   love   it .
five   stars   perfect   dryer   for   travel   or   home   use .   powerful   and   lightweight .
not   really   a   travel   dryer   unless   you   travel   big .   not   really   a   travel   dryer   unless   you   travel   34   big   34   .
the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   used   in   15   years   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   used   in   15   years .   my   hair   is   thick   and   unruly .   humidity   makes   it   impossible   to   do   anything   but   this   hair   dryer   has   helped   tremendously .
okay   but   not   curly   enough   tended   to   make   my   hair   frizz   instead   of   curl
five   stars   works   as   expected ,   compact ,   just   what   i   needed   to   take   to   the   pool   with   me
broke   bought   this   about   a   year   ago   and   recently   it   starting   having   green   sparks   inside   of   it   and   today   it   stopped   blowing   warm   air .   very   disappointed   in   the   quality .   would   not   but   it   again .
five   stars   really   good   quality ,   l   liked   it   so   much   l   bought   4 ,
five   stars   works   great !   hook   for   cord   is   a   nice   plus
five   stars   love   it !
solid   construction ,   and   powerful   we   were   looking   for   a   good   quality ,   simple   hair   drier .   this   one   seemed   to   fit   the   bill .   br   it   works   well ,   dries   hair   quickly ,   and   seems   to   help   tame   the   34   frizzies .   34   we   have   been   using   it   for   quite   a   while   now ,   and   have   had   absolutely   no   issues   with   it .
five   stars   thanks
bought   this   for   my   wife   once   her   previous   different   brand   ...   bought   this   for   my   wife   once   her   previous   different   brand   hair   dryer   broke .   she   has   been   raving   about   it   ever   since   she   got   it .   i   definitely   scored   some   major   brownie   points   with   this   one .   a   couple   of   the   things   she   has   mentioned   are   how   quickly   it   dries   her   hair   in   just   seconds ,   how   quiet   it   is   while   in   use ,   and   how   fresh   her   hair   feels   after   each   use .
we   would   like   panasonic   extended   warranty   my   wife   really   likes   this   dryer ,   we   would   like   panasonic   extended   warranty !
five   stars   excellent !
five   stars   best   blowdryer   i   have   ever   owned .   well   worth   the   money !
most   versatile   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   drywr .   at   1600   watts   it   dries   my   hair   rapidly .   it   s   compact   size   makes   it   lighter   and   easier   to   handle   than   those   bulky   dryers   that   must   be   held   foot   away   from   the   head .   this   is   a   real   plus   for   folks   with   arthritis   in   the   shoulder   or   neck   joints .   it   fits   easily   into   a   drawer   in   the   bathroom   and   it   doesn   t   take   up   much   room   in   a   suitcase   for   travel .   this   is   my   second   hair   dryer   of   this   type ..   the   first   one   was   purchased   several   years   ago ,   and   it   still   works   perfectly   even   after   4   5   years   of   nearly   daily   use .   this   unit   was   purchased   as   a   replacement   for   a   similar   1200   watt   dryer   different   brand   that   i   kept   in   my   swimming   bag   but   that   finally   stopped   working   after   30   years .
awesome   product !   absolutely   love   this !   dries   hair   quickly   without   burning   my   hair !
simple   powerful ,   quick   drying   powerful   and   fast   drying
only   works   on   low   power   internationally .   worked   well   in   israel   with   adapter   but   only   on   low   power   despite   changing   the   voltage .   i   thought   i   blew   it   out   after   only   a   few   seconds   on   high   power .   thankfully   it   worked   on   low   a   few   minutes   later   when   it   cooled   down .   overall   it   did   the   job   but   def   doesn   t   replace   a   real   blow   dryer .
five   stars   replaced   a   like   unit   which   had   lasted   6   years
it   works   girlfriend   loves   it !   not   too   hot   for   hwr   hair .
five   stars   does   a   great   job !
five   stars   great   prpduct   for   the   price
i   kept   looking   at   the   rimini   1800w   tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   on   amazon   it   was   the   color   that   caught   my   eye   first   that   beaut   i   bought   3   hair   dryers   at   local   stores   and   returned   all   three   just   not   what   i   wanted .   i   kept   looking   at   the   rimini   1800w   tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   on   amazon   it   was   the   color   that   caught   my   eye   first   that   beautiful   blue .   after   i   returned   the   third   dryer ,   i   came   back   to   the   rimini   1800w .   i   liked   the   way   the   dryer   angled   down ,   the   controls   looked   high   enough   up   so   i   wouldn   t   be   changing   the   settings ,   and   i   especially   loved   the   color !   well ,   don   t   let   the   color   sway   you .   i   ordered   the   dryer ,   and   it   s   fabulous !   it   s   full   sized ,   powerful ,   quiet ,   and   my   fingers   don   t   continually   change   the   settings .   it   takes   me   about   4   minutes   to   completely   dry   my   shoulder   length ,   straight   hair ,   and   that   s   at   medium   heat ,   high   power .   i   m   so   pleased   with   this   hair   dryer ,   and   did   i   mention   that   i   love   the   beautiful   blue   color  
the   most   amazing   hair   dryer   ever   i   typically   never   write   reviews ,   but   felt   compelled   to   after   using   this   amazing   product .   my   hair   has   never   felt   so   good   after   using   this   dryer .   it   dries   quickly   and   i   barely   needed   to   flat   iron   my   hair   when   finished .   my   hair   withstood   the   humidity   better   than   ever   as   well .   my   hair   is   colored   blonde   to   boot   ,   damaged ,   wavy   and   frizzy   and   it   honestly   felt   like   a   pantene   commercial   after   one   use !   i   am   a   lifer   with   this   hair   dryer   and   thinking   of   buying   a   few   to   have   back   ups .   thank   you   babyliss   for   making   my   hair   the   best   it   has   ever   been .
very   nice   a   huge   step   up   from   the   one   it   replaced .   feels   solid   and   works   great .
4   years   later ...   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   almost   4   years   now ,   and   to   this   day   i   love   it .   i   have   dry ,   frizzy ,   hermione   granger   esqe   hair   so   i   needed   something   that   wouldn   t   feel   like   i   m   frying   it .   i   highly ,   highly   recommend   it   to   everyone .   it   comes   with   a   diffuser   which   i   only   used   like   once   or   twice   but   it   s   ok .   i   m   gonna   have   this   one   for   awhile ,   i   love   the   sleek   design   too ,   i   don   t   see   it   becoming   outdated   like   those   pink   and   green   hair   dryers   from   the   70s   or   something .   thanks   scientists   at   conair ,   i   salute   you .
nice   dryer ,   love   the   controls .   very   nice   hair   dryer .   my   favorite   thing   is   that   you   push   down   the   on   off   button   and   heat   controls ,   you   don   t   slide   it   as   with   my   last   dryer .   important   when   you   are   drying   hair   for   several   children   and   may   have   lotion   on   your   hands   etc .... works   well ,   looks   good ,   nice   controls .   i   am   happy   with   it .   i   don   t   think   it   works   any   differently   than   my   last   ionic   hair   dryer ,   in   terms   of   controlling   frizz   on   my   naturally   curly   hair ,   but   it   works   equally   well   at   a   minimum .
best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased !   i   have   always   bought   the   high   end   expensive   hair   dryers ,   but   this   one   far   exceeds   any   dryer   i   have   bought !   not   too   hot ,   light   weight   and   my   hair   is   dryer   in   5   minutes   less   than   my   last   hair   dryer !   i   m   very   happy   with   my   purchase !
excellent   product   best   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   i   have   owned .   love   it !
four   stars   because   of   the   placement   on   the   blower ,   it   takes   up   more   space   than   i   anticipated .   it   does   the   job !
i   love   this   hairdryer   i   love   this   hairdryer .   purchased   it   for   a   trip   abroad   but   my   gym   dryer   34   died   34   last   week   so   started   using   this   one   and   even   though   it   is   more   compact ,   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   the   dual   voltage   is   a   plus .   very   pleased   with   the   purchase .
heavy ,   loud   but   works   purchased   this   without   much   research ,   so   i   am   to   blame   for   not   34   loving   34   this .   it   s   heavy ,   loud   and   i   prefer   more   ranges   in   heat   than   it   offers .   the   attachments   work   well .   it   s   mid   sized ,   so   if   you   re   wanting   something   light   and   small ,   this   isn   t   it .   mid   sized   and   heavy ...... i   would   not   buy   again .
great   for   thick   hair   my   old   revlon   dryer   died   when   my   hair   was   half   dry ,   so   i   quickly   drove   to   the   store   and   spent   three   minutes   picking   out   this   hair   dryer .   i   couldn   t   be   happier .   my   hair   is   extremely   thick   with   many   layers   and   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   the   turbo   setting   allowed   me   to   dry   my   hair   in   almost   half   the   time .   even   better ,   the   hair   s   texture   was   perfect .   shiny   and   alive ,   not   the   texture   of   straw   you   get   when   the   hair   is   over   dried .
great   value   great   mini   dryer   with   plenty   of   power .   only   problem   is   that   it   s   loud   on   high   setting .
fire !   bought   this   hairdryer   about   a   year   ago .   when   i   was   using   it   the   other   morning ,   it   went   on   and   off   and   went   on   fire .   needless   to   say ,   i   am   not   recommending   it .   never   had   this   happen   with   any   hairdryer   i   ve   owned .   no   stars   doesn   t   seem   to   be   an   option ,   so   it   gets   one   by   default .
really   awesome   blow   dryer   better   price   than   walmart .   can   t   live   without   it !
fits   t3   micro   fits   my   t3   micro .   model   53888   r .   the   barrel   of   the   dryer   is   slightly   less   than   2   inches   in   diameter .   push   in   and   twist ,   it   will   latch   and   stays   on   perfectly .   this   is   a   great   value   and   works   well .
love   it !   it   is   the   2nd   one   i   have   purchased .   love   it !
i   bought   this   hair   dryer   probably   3   years   ago   and   ...   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   probably   3   years   ago   and   never   got   around   to   posting   a   review .   this   hair   dryer   is   fantastic   i   have   had   it   for   3   years   or   so   and   i   have   never   had   a   problem   or   malfunction .   it   drys   my   hair   fast   and   reduces   frizz .   i   will   always   buy   elchim .
oh   the   buttons .   the   buttons !   i   thought   the   button   issue   that   everyone   else   wrote   about   would   escape   me .   nope .   almost   every   time   i   dry   my   hair   i   hit   the   temp   or   speed   button ...   at   least   2   3   times .   it   s   does   a   great   job   drying   but   the   buttons   cause   just   enough   nuance   that   i   would   recommend   to   keep   looking .   i   like   it   but   can   t   wait   for   it   to   break   and   find   a   new   hair   dryer .
five   stars   love   it .
paid   for   new   then   received   something   used   untrust   used   item   ,   hair   in   back   of   blower   ,   i   paid   for   new   item   ,   very   disappointed
good   power ,   cord   too   short   great   dryer   enough   power   that   i   use   not   just   for   travel .   only   problem   is   the   cord   is   very   short   so   you   have   to   be   fairly   close   to   the   outlet   when   you   use   it .   if   they   would   make   the   cord   longer ,   it   would   be   perfect .   i   also   used   it   when   i   was   in   italy   with   no   problems   although   you   do   need   an   adapter   but   the   converter   is   built   in   .
perfect !   it   took   me   waaay   too   long   to   find   a   hair   dryer   that   i   didn   t   think   was   going   to   start   a   fire   or   ruin   my   hair .   i   decided   on   this   despite   some   bad   reviews ,   and   am   glad   that   i   did .   it   s   pretty   i   know   this   isn   t   important   to   some   people   ,   and   it   dries   really   well .   i   haven   t   had   any   problems   with   it   and   love   the   accessories   that   came   with   it .
high   hopes   with   poor   results   i   have   short   curly   hair   that   is   both   course   thick .   was   hoping   this   could   replace   my   hair   dryer   diffuser   combo   and   assumed   it   would   be   more   compact .   unfortunately ,   this   is   almost   just   as   bulky   and   doesn   t   distribute   enough   heat   to   curl   scrunch   my   hair   while   simultaneously   drying .   i   would   ve   been   better   off   letting   my   hair   air   dry ,   which   is   a   horrible   look   for   me .   in   the   process   of   sending   this   back .
i   previously   had   another   blow   dryer   the   same   brand   and   was   perfect .   i   m   not   sure   if   it   s   this   one   that   s   ...   blows   air   way   too   hot .   it   actually   burned   my   hair .   i   previously   had   another   blow   dryer   the   same   brand   and   was   perfect .   i   m   not   sure   if   it   s   this   one   that   s   defective   of   they   just   don   t   make   them   like   before .
great   blower   for   a   good   price .   i   heat   style   pretty   frequently   and   unfortunately   burn   out   a   lot   of   hair   dryers .   i   haven   t   invested   in   a   more   expensive   one   and   i   may   not   need   to .   this   baby   is   enduring   through   my   blowouts !   the   ion   technology   is   fantastic   it   leaves   my   hair   soft   and   smooth !   with   regular   cleaning   this   has   lasted   longer   than   any   other   one   i   owned   and   really   is   keeping   my   hair   in   good   shape .   it   s   a   great   supplemental   dryer   as   well   and   the   coating   is   easy   to   grip   along   with   a   nice ,   light   weight .
no   better   than   the   rest .   6   months   later   and   the   motor   is   lagging .   i   keep   the   vent   cleaned   to   no   avail .   it   s   also   not   that   quiet .   revlon   makes   a   much   quieter   one .   really   disappointed .
great   dryer .   lightweight   and   easy   to   handle   great   dryer .   lightweight   and   easy   to   handle .   great   heat   and   cool   features .
good   travel   hair   dryer   it   is   lightweight   as   promised .   the   handle   folds   up   easily .
i   actually   like   this   blow   dryer   very   much   i   actually   like   this   blow   dryer   very   much .   it   makes   my   hair   very   smooth   and   silky .   and   i   don   t   have   a   problem   with   the   settings   or   placement   of   the   switches ,   as   others   have   stated .   i   would   recommend   this   blow   dryer   to   anyone .
great   for   the   a   great   addition   to   my   hair   styling   toolbox !   dries   my   hair   in   about   7   minutes .   love   the   different   settings   and   the   extra   part   for   directing   the   air   to   go   where   you   want   it .
five   stars   wonderful   product   excellent   service .   thank   you !
smoothes   the   fizzies .   it   smoothes   the   fizzies   and   folds   down   compactly   to   store   when   done .   it   has   three   speeds   instead   of   two ,   so   doesn   t   blow   too   furiously   at   lowest   setting ,   which   makes   it   easier   to   style   my   hair   doesn   t   blow   it   off   of   the   styling   brush   .
nice   product   for   price   good   product .
five   stars   works   just   fine !
...   many   blow   dryers   and   this   one   has   been   my   favorite .   i   have   purchased   many   blow   dryers   and   this   one   has   been   my   favorite .
just   what   i   wanted   no   night   light   on   this   model   just   what   i   wanted .   it   is   smaller ,   so   the   power   is   a   little   lower ,   but   it   fits   in   my   small   bathroom
dry   your   hair !   gets   my   hair   dry   faster   than   my   old   dryer .
not   a   lot   of   power .   it   takes   a   lot   ...   not   a   lot   of   power .   it   takes   a   lot   longer   to   dry   long   hair   than   with   other   dryers .   the   brush   attachment   is   also   a   little   too   soft   for   hair   straightening .
great   product !   no   issues   fast   shipping !   great   product !   no   issues !
glad   i   bought   it .   arrived   on   time .   not   as   heavy   or   as   cumbersome   to   hold   while   drying   hair .   it   is   however ,   a   large   hairdryer   and   not   compact   for   travel   purposes .   doesn   t   dry   br   frizz   my   hair   as   much   as   non   ionic   dyers .   love   all   the   settings !   several   useful   attachments   were   included .   you   can   find   a   lower   price   elsewhere   without   the   attachments .
five   stars   amazing   hair   dryer !
wonderful   over   all   great   product !   it   s   stylish ,   light   weight ,   easy   to   use   and   hold .   very   strong   and   powerful   air   power   for   being   such   a   small   blow   dryer .   you   have   all   the   functions   like   hot   and   cool ,   high   and   low .   the   black   handle   has   glitter   in   it   and   it   sparkles   in   the   light   lol .   all   in   all   this   is   a   great   blow   dryer   and   even   better   price !
a   good   buy   it   is   a   good   quality   product ,   i   have   been   using   it   since   2013   and   it   is   working   perfectly .   however ,   i   do   not   blow   dry   my   hair   everyday ,   i   only   use   it   occasionally .
for   thin   hair   girls   like   myself ,   you   need   a   dryer   with   a   more   ...   if   your   e   looking   for   a   low   blow   hair   dryer ,   for   styling   bangs   or   just   for   thin   hair   you   should   get   this .   for   thin   hair   girls   like   myself ,   you   need   a   dryer   with   a   more   gentle   blow   in   order   to   get   volume .   if   you   re   looking   for   a   fast   dryer ,   this   is   not   it .
would   not   recommend   using   for   long   period   of   time   haven   t   used   that   often   because   it   s   summer   but   the   few   times   that   i   did   there   was   a   burning   smell   coming   from   the   dryer .   would   not   recommend   using   for   long   period   of   time .   better   yet ,   find   another   hair   dryer   for   better   overall   quality   and   purpose .   good   luck .
great   price   and   my   wife   is   happy .   better   than   my   wife   s   old   one .   the   hair   dryer   that   she   had   was   pretty   expensive ,   but   it   finally   died .   i   read   the   reviews   on   this   one   and   decided   to   purchase   it   as   a   replacement .   she   loves   it .   the   new   hair   dryer   is   quieter   and   she   loves   the   cool   dry   feature .   can   t   beat   it   for   the   price   and   how   it   works .
five   stars   works   great ,   fast   shipping ,   thanks
awesome   hair   dryer !   this   hair   dryer   is   worth   every   penny !   i   read   an   article   by   a   top   hair   stylist   who   recommended   this   dryer .   so   when   my   over   100   infrared   hair   dryer   broke   after   one   year ,   i   decided   to   give   this   one   a   try .   i   m   so   glad   i   did   because   not   only   is   it   light   weight ,   it   cut   my   drying   time   down ,   and   it   helped   smooth   out   my   hair .   i   never   knew   a   dryer   could   do   that ,   especially   when   all   my   other   dryers   would   leave   my   natural   curly   hair   looking   frizzy .
poor   it   was   damaged   in   a   couple   of   months ,   poor   quality
a   perfectly   good   hair   dryer   does   what   it   is   supposed   to   do .   could   maybe   blow   air   a   little   stronger   but   otherwise ,   a   perfectly   good   hair   dryer .   comes   with   a   diffuser   and   a   concentrator   that   i   will   never   use ...  
five   stars   light   weight   and   just   the   right   amount   of   heat
this   small   conair   1875   will   always   be   my   favorite   hair   dryer   this   small   conair   1875   will   always   be   my   favorite   hair   dryer .   it   is   compact   and   easy   to   handle .   i   hope   they   never   quit   making   this   model .
five   stars   works   great
great   hairdryer ,   great   price   it   is   lightweight   has   3   heat   settings .   i   love   the   2   attachments .
five   stars   everyone   loves   it
five   stars   very   good
four   stars   works   great ..   very   good   product
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   performs   exactly   as   expected   and   advertised .   i   recommend   it .
it   s   ok   to   much   noise   but   does   the   work .
four   stars   perfect
but ...   when   it   works   right   it   is   my   dream   blowdryer .   yes ,   the   br   controls   can   easily   get   flipped   around ,   but   the   temp   and   br   air   flow   is   ideal   for   those   of   us   with   super   fine   and   fragile   br   curly   hair .   whatever   they   are   doing   to   these   ion   hairdryers   br   is   nothing   desirable   for   me .   they   always   frizz   me   out .   br   i   use   the   high   heat   high   speed   setting   with   the   hot   air   br   pik   to   straighten   and   volumize   my   hair ,   or   use   round   brushes   br   and   vary   the   heat   along   each   section   of   hair .   no   matter   how   br   i   style   it ,   i   come   out   with   much   shinier   less   frizzy   hair .   br   rewind   about   2003   2004   bought   this   model   in   a   store ,   br   loved   it ,   and   used   it   til   it   died   in   about   2007 .   bought   br   another   from   a   different   store .   everything   was   fine   at   first .   br   then   when   i   would   use   it   the   breaker   would   trip .   at   first   br   it   only   happened   once   or   twice ,   which   is   just   one   of   those   br   things   that   can   happen   for   no   good   reason .   i   bought   another   br   after   the   electrician   ok   d   everything .   i   figured   it   was   just   a   br   bad   dryer .   so   i   bought   one   more   from   a   different   store .   br   worked   fine   until   it   sparked   and   a   flame   came   out   the   end .   br   after   a   burned   hand   i   decided   i   should   try   and   find   another   br   dryer .   around   2012   i   was   talking   to   a   friend   who   works   in   br   the   salon   industry   and   she   told   me   the   company   that   made   br   my   favorite   dryer   had   changed   the   way   they   made   them .   br   that   made   me   think   it   was   worth   one   last   shot .   i   have   moved   br   from   where   i   used   all   my   other   dryers .   first   couple   dries   went   br   great .   however ,   i   don   t   trust   it   not   to   use   it   in   a   non   gfci   br   outlet .   last   couple   times   i   used   it   the   gfci   activated   and   br   turned   it   off .   now   i   m   convinced   it   is   a   safety   hazard ,   or   br   at   the   very   least   a   challenge   the   electrical   system   doesn   t   br   need .   i   m   heartbroken   over   that .   if   the   manufacturer   could   br   address   that   problem ,   i   would   be   so   happy .   br   the   seller   on   amazon   was   reasonably   priced   and   got   my   br   item   to   me   quickly   and   ingood   condition .
three   stars   night   light   too   bright
my   dryer   of   choice   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer
five   stars   does   the   trick
five   stars   very   good   great   heat   control
awesome   dryer !   i   usually   cut   corners   with   this   stuff .   this   is   still   a   cheap   dryer ,   but   it   s   very   good   quality .   the   matte   look   is   nice ,   has   three   settings   for   heat   and   three   settings   for   how   much   air   is   pushed .   plus   the   cool   button !   it   s   worked   great   for   half   a   year   now .   if   it   broke   i   d   buy   another   one !
good   price   and   works   great   for   an   inexpensive   hair   dryer ,   this   thing   was   pretty   amazing .   lasted   almost   a   year   and   a   half   with   regular   use .
best   dryer   love   the   light   weight   and   ease   to   hold .   big   dryers   are   too   heavy   for   me .   good   strong   blow   power   and   fast   drying
three   stars   this   hair   dryer   will   suck   your   hair   into   the   air   intake .
five   stars   awesomeness
five   stars   love   love   love   good   for   my   hair
four   stars   good
eh   not   as   good   as   a   standard   ceramic   was   not   very   powerful ,   was   expecting   a   little   more   from   it .
four   stars   works   well   for   my   application .
five   stars   works   as   expected   fast   delivery
what   a   disappointment !   i   have   always   bought   conair   products   in   the   past ,   so   i   never   expected   this   purchase   to   be   problematic .   the   dryer   works   fine ,   but   none   of   the   attachments   fit   tightly   and   they   fall   off   with   the   slightest   touch .   it   s   a   huge   design   error   and   frustrating   as   can   be .   i   would   never   recommend   this   product .
but   it   is   more   comfortable   to   use   certainly   outperforms   my   current   blow   dryers .   the   immediate   difference   is   the   drying   time .   i   wouldn   t   say   it   halves   the   time   it   takes   to   dry   my   hair ,   but   it   makes   a   noticeable   difference .   it   s   also   relatively   quieter   than   my   other   blow   dryers ,   though   as   soon   as   you   use   the   34   turbo ,   34   it   gets   louder .   i   certainly   wouldn   t   call   it   a   quiet   blow   dryer ,   but   it   is   more   comfortable   to   use .   one   odd   thing ,   though   it   seems   to   have   a   lot   of   suction   it   s   the   only   one   that   sticks   to   my   shirt   if   i   get   it   too   close   ,   but   not   a   very   strong   air   flow   output   for   the   amount   it   seems   to   be   drawing   in .   br   br   4   stars   so   far   because   it   s   about   its   price   outperforms   my   current   blow   dryers   but   not   by   a   significant   margin .   i   ve   also   read   numerous   reviews   that   this   doesn   t   have   a   great   product   life ,   so   i   m   waiting   to   see   about   that .
five   stars   great   item
great   compact   hair   accessory   we   love   this   unit   nite   light   too !
great   product   great   product .   worked   awesome   in   london   and   scotland   while   using   a   universal   all   in   one   interantional   travel   power   plug   adapter .
my   last   hairdryer ....   the   best   dryer   ever ....
love   it   i   love   this   dryer .   it   works   great   and   it   is   quiet
i   thought   it   was   an   anomaly   and   bought   a   second   one   like   a   ding   dong   when   first   one   was   shot   and   ...   i   bought   my   first   one   four   months   ago   and   returned   it   because   it   was   shooting   sparks   after   two   months .   i   thought   it   was   an   anomaly   and   bought   a   second   one   like   a   ding   dong   when   first   one   was   shot   and   it   caught   on   f   i   r   e   yesterday ... f   i   r   e ... really ,   revlon  
great ! !   i   love   this   blow   dryer ,   i   love   that   there   is   a   medium   setting ! !
i   love   this   small   and   easy   to   carry   hair   dryer   i   love   this   small   and   easy   to   carry   hair   dryer ,   ideal   for   traveling .   i   will   use   amazon   for   all   my   shopping   in   the   future   because   they   provide   excellent   service .
great   product .   already   had   one .   bought   this   2nd   one   for   the   other   bathroom .   great   product .
too   bad   conair   is   diluting   their   brand   with   this   junk   purchased   to   replace   an   older   conair   1875 .   the   gfci   plug   on   this   unit   failed   after   45   days   of   normal   use .   br   br   in   the   future   i   will   look   for   a   dryer   with   a   ul   safety   listing .   br   br   too   bad   conair   is   diluting   their   brand   with   this   junk .
should   be   a   4.5   star   rating   available   not   perfect   but   very   good   recently   purchased   this   again   to   replace   a   unit   in   our   bathroom   that   has   been   there   at   least   6   years .   and   ...   that   unit   still   runs   but   the   thermocouple   switch   that   shuts   the   unit   off   when   it   overheats   has   34   worn   34   over   the   years   and   has   begun   to   engage   a   little   too   quickly .   note   that   not   keeping   the   lint   filter   clean   will   cause   this   issue   as   well ,   due   to   restricted   airflow   over   the   thermocouple   .   br   br   indeed ,   a   pretty   darn   good   unit   for   the   money .   after   a   couple   of   years   of   use   literally ,   used   hundreds   of   times   in   that   period   the   34   ears   34   or   34   fingers   34   that   hold   the   dryer   became   worn ,   or   loose ,   so   the   hairdryer   would   fall   out .   this   was   solved   by   placing   a   strip   of   velcro   on   the   inside   of   each   34   ear   34   .   would   have   given   product   5   stars   if   this   had   not   occurred .   found   that   this   easy   34   repair   34   needs   to   be   repeated   every   couple   of   years .   br   br   from   my   experience ,   definitely   would   not   hesitate   to   recommend .   conjecture   is   that   those   who   experienced   short   life   with   this   appliance   may   not   have   cleaned   the   lint   filter   as   often   as   required .   from   personal   experience   i   know   it   s   easy   to   put   this   little   chore   off .   if   you   have   had   this   product   only   a   few   months   and   you   start   experiencing   the   unit   shutting   off   before   your   hair   is   dry   this   is   the   thing   to   check .
perfect   for   travel   or   everyday   use !   love   it !   the   power ,   the   light   weight ,   the   settings   especially   easy   to   pack   because   it   folds   up !   i   have   fibromyalgia   and   my   hands   sometimes   will   not   let   me   hold   things .   the   grip   on   this   is   easy   it   s   light   weight   so   it   doesn   t   hurt   to   hold   it   when   drying   my   hair .
it   s   as   good   as   my   last   conair   but   a   bit   less   powerful   ...   i   picked   this   up   on   lightening   deal   as   i   needed   a   new   blow   dryer .   it   s   as   good   as   my   last   conair   but   a   bit   less   powerful   which   is   fine   for   me   because   i   couldn   t   use   the   highest   setting   on   my   last   one   since   it   blew   my   hair   to   much   i   have   fine   hair   so   it   just   tangled   my   hair   on   the   highest   setting .   i   love   the   retractable   cord !
five   stars   it   s   so   nice !
five   stars   excellent   hair   dryer   ! ! ! !
one   star   less   than   two   years   of   use   and   this   thing   just   stopped   working .   aggravating !
don   t   ask   dogs   their   opinions   been   using   this   twice   daily   for   over   a   year .   simple ,   effective .   you   don   t   really   need   anything   more   than   this   to   make   wet   hair   dry .   my   dog   would   probably   give   it   a   1   star   review ,   but   he   is   biased   because   he   hates   hair   dryers   in   general .
is   that   the   concentrator   piece   on   the   end   of   the   hairdryer   comes   off   every   now   and   then   and   it   can   become   very   annoying .   works   very   well   on   my   hair .   one   thing   that   stinks ,   though ,   is   that   the   concentrator   piece   on   the   end   of   the   hairdryer   comes   off   every   now   and   then   and   it   can   become   very   annoying .
good   hair   dryer .   very   loud   and   sounds   like   an   afterburner   out   of   an   f   16 .   blows   hot   and   cold .
do   not   buy   this   dryer !   after   using   it   for   ...   do   not   buy   this   dryer !   after   using   it   for   less   than   one   week ,   the   handle   would   become   so   incredibly   hot   i   could   barely   hold   on   to   it .   i   noticed   that   the   protective   covering   had   started   to   dimple   and   come   apart .   i   continued   using   it   being   very   careful   where   i   put   my   hand   on   the   handle .   now ,   after   less   than   one   month ,   it   quit   working   all   together .   it   shut   off   after   smelling   very   hot   and   will   not   turn   back   on .   junk !
still   available   had   this   product   for   several   years   and   wore   it   out .   sure   glad   it   was   still   available .   does   the   job   better   than   most .
excellent   dryer !   i   would   recommend   it   to   everyone   excellent   dryer !   i   would   recommend   it   to   everyone
dynamite   little   dryer   this   is   a   very   well   built   little   dryer   and   works   well .
good   product   it   s   a   tad   heavier   than   i   would   like   but   i   love   the   retractable   cord   and   the   fact   that   it   folds   and   fits   easily   in   my   vanity   drawer .   it   does   a   great   job .
excellent .   great   value   excellent .   great   value .   i   love   to   retractable   cord   folding   aspects   of   this   dryer .   i   put   i   d   away   neatly   in   a   drawer   out   of   sight   .
get   one   great   price   for   an   adequate   hair   dryer .
five   stars   great   diffuser
it   worked   fine   with   the   adapter   used   this   hair   dryer   in   england   last   month .   it   worked   fine   with   the   adapter .   my   problem   with   this   hair   dryer   is   that   even   on   the   low   setting   the   air   from   the   dryer   is   too   hot .   i   dry   my   hair   in   sections   and   i   could   hardly   get   a   section   dry   before   my   scalp   would   start   to   burn .
conair   1875   watt   blow   dryer   this   blowdryer   works   well   although   not   as   powerful   as   the   revlon   one   i   am   replacing   this   with .   it   dries   my   hair   in   a   fair   amount   of   time   but   i   miss   being   able   to   hold   onto   the   hairdryer   and   being   able   to   turn   it   on   and   off   one   handed .   the   curved   handle   on   this   does   not   allow   you   to   do   this .   other   than   that   i   like   it   and   i   like   the   retractable   cord   although   the   cord   could   be   a   tad   longer .
awesome   awesome
five   stars   bought   for   my   mother ,   and   it   does   what   it   is   supposed   to   do .
five   stars   good   hair   dryer !   10mins   to   dry   my   long   hair   !   i   am   so   happy
very   surprised   purchased   the   onei   mk   ii   to   replace   my   wigo .   after   purchasing   a   chi   sedu   i   was   hesitant   to   purchase   the   onei .   this   by   far   has   surpassed   my   expectations   my   experience   with   the   chi   sedu .   i   need   a   hairdryer   to   meet   my   needs   dry   without   loss   of   volume   decrease   amount   use   of   root   shine   styling   products .   very   surprised   at   how   gentle   the   air   flow   comes   out   how   fast   my   hair   dries .   i   assume   it   s   based   on   the   barrel   shape   of   the   onei   dryer   vs   a   more   cylindrical   barrel   like   some   dryers .   the   packaging   of   the   dryer   far   exceeded   my   expectations .   the   quality   of   the   onei   feels   looks   better   than   the   sedu   i   purchased   months   ago .   so   far   very   surprised   looking   to   see   if   this   will   outlast   my   last   dryer   a   wigo   5yrs   .   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   only   a   month   have   not   heard   of   this   brand   before .   that   s   why   i   only   gave   it   a   4 .   so   far   loving   it   better   than   the   sedu   chi .
it   has   great   power .   ionizes   and   retracts .   it   has   great   power .
i   finally   found   the   exact   dryer   that   i   needed !   omg ,   i   have   been   looking   for   this   dryer   for   at   least   5   years !   after   my   favorite   dryer   broke ,   i   looked   for   one   like   it   that   is   lightweight ,   has   power   but   not   too   much   power ,   and   most   importantly ,   has   the   high   low   off   switch   on   the   back   of   the   dryer   handle ,   not   in   the   front .   all   of   the   dryers   i   have   looked   at   in   the   past   have   the   switch   es   on   the   front   of   the   handle .   this   is   a   problem   for   me ,   because   when   i   style   my   hair   with   a   dryer   and   a   round   brush ,   i   have   to   constantly   turn   the   dryer   on   and   off .   with   the   buttons   on   the   back   of   the   handle   like   this   one ,   i   can   turn   it   on   and   off   with   one   hand .   when   the   buttons   are   on   the   front   of   the   handle ,   i   have   to   set   my   brush   down   to   turn   it   on   and   off   with   two   hands .   what   a   hassle !   this   lightweight   dryer   with   the   on   off   switch   on   the   back   of   the   handle   fits   the   bill   perfectly .   i   will   probably   buy   another   one   as   a   back   up   for   when   this   one   wears   out .   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer ,   and   you   can   t   beat   the   price !
five   stars   good !
love   these   dryers   these   little   dryers   are   just   great   in   my   room   and   the   guest   room .   small   enough   to   be   out   of   the   way   but   plenty   of   power   to   dry   my   thick   hair .   br   my   guests   love   them
great   service .   i   just   wish   that   i   had   realized   ...   great   service .   i   just   wish   that   i   had   realized   that   the   barrel   is   so   long .   my   wife   has   a   short   arm   and   has   difficulty   using   the   dryer .
great   while   it   lasted   bought   the   leopard   version   of   this   blow   dryer   because   of   the   cheaper   price   and   i   love   it .   it   is   a   great   blowdryer   and   i   would   recommend   it   to   every   hair   stylist .   update   now   7   8   months   later   my   blowdryer   is   broken .   i   really   loved   this   blowdryer   but   mine   just   stopped   work   and   only   blows   cold   air   now .   very   disappointing .
really   like !   i   like   the   warm   and   cool   feature !   diffuser   attachment   an   added   bonus
works   great   replacement   dryer   for   the   original   one   i   broke .   love   it .
average   blow   dryer   it   works   ok .   easy   to   use .   nothing   special   about   it .   it   says   for   salon   use   but ,   it   would   take   to   long   to   dry   salon   hair .   i   had   a   salon   use   blow   dryer   and   it   dried   my   hair   much   faster   but   the   price   was   around   200   to   replace   it .   so ,   for   the   price   of   the   mhd   dryer   it   works   just   fine .   it   just   takes   longer .
great   dryer !   great   dryer ! ! !   the   directions   were   not   made   for   people   who   have   no   idea   what   they   are   doing ,   so   it   tooke   about   a   month   or   so   to   actually   put   it   together ! !   but   i   got   it   and   i   love   it .   i   would   just   say ,   put   in   better   instructions   to   follow .
good   as   expected
five   stars   excellent
five   stars   this   thing   is   a   miracle   worker .   my   curls   have   never   look   bigger   and   bouncier !
great !   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   it   s   dual   voltage   and   i   needed   something   for   a   trip   to   italy .   it   worked   wonderfully   in   europe .   and   it   s   working   great   at   home   too .   nice   and   powerful .
five   stars   very   happy   with   the   unit .
nice   compact   hood   dryer   works   very   well .   you   only   have   to   be   careful   with   lid   which   is   much   thinner   than   the   lower   half .
five   stars   fantastic   product ..   save   time   each   morning   with   this   amazing   product
stopped   working   after   only   3   months   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   on   february   27th .   the   heating   element   stopped   working   on   june   3rd   so   it   worked   for   only   3   months .   it   will   blow   air ,   but   not   hot   air .   returns   not   allowed   after   30   days .
love   it !   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer !   although   it   s   a   bit   heavy   on   my   hands   as   i   m   using   it ,   it   leaves   my   hair   looking   shiny   and   smooth   with   minimal   frizz .   it   also   dries   my   hair   efficiently   and   quickly .   highly   recommend   it   and   it   s   at   a   great   price ! !
this   sounds   weird ,   but   the   night   light   is   much   ...   this   sounds   weird ,   but   the   34   night   light   34   is   much   too   bright .   i   had   to   tape   something   over   it   to   mute   the   light .   the   mounting   bracket   is   tricky   to   install   and   kind   of   flimsy   too
three   stars   a   little   heavy   on   the   hand   but   works   well .
but   still   a   great   compact   dryer   that   looks   great   in   my   bathroom   i   wish   this   one   had   the   ionic   feature   that   my   other   one   has ,   which   seems   to   dry   my   hair   a   lot   faster ,   but   still   a   great   compact   dryer   that   is   a   great   addition   to   my   bathroom !
very   disappointed .   was   tired   of   hair   dryers   that   died   after   3   years   so   i   purchased   this .   it   died   after   4   months !   the   heating   element   broke .   very   disappointed .   br   br   6   10   2015   update ...   called   customer   service   and   they   sent   a   replacement   within   a   few   days !   fabulous !   still   disappointed   the   dryer   died   so   quickly   but   with   this   kind   of   company   backing   up   their   products ,   i   definitely   wouldn   t   hesitate   to   buy   from   them   again !
decrease   your   drying   time   changed   my   drying   time .   great   product
five   stars   great   product
good   air   force   or   whatever   you   call   it   got   this   for   my   mom ,   who   wanted   a   dryer   with   a   strong   34   blow .   34   i   have   a   remington   that   is   great   but   that   model   is   no   longer   available   ,   so   i   got   her   this   one   based   on   other   positive   reviews ,   and   she   really   likes   it .
five   stars   works   just   as   well   as   a   full   sized   hair   dryer   even   though   it   is   the   size   of   a   toy ! !
works   great   processed   hair   benefits   greatly   from   salon   deep   conditioning   and   this   is   a   great   home   alternative .   gets   super   hot   if   you   need   it ,   also   allows   home   hair   coloring   that   requires   heat .   love   it .
this   is   the   best   dryer .   does   not   burn   your   hair   and   dries   ...   this   is   the   best   dryer .   does   not   burn   your   hair   and   dries   it   very   quickly
quick   dry ...   size   and   heat   output   is   a   great   combo
great   product .   this   was   a   gift   for   my   wife .   it   has   worked   flawlessly   for   months   now .   great   product .
not   as   good   as   the   one   i   had   10   years   ago   not   as   good   as   the   one   i   had   10   years   ago .   the   old   one   was   a   better   quality   and   this   make   hair   a   little   frizzy
five   stars   excellent .
under   30   and   made   me   so   happy !   my   teen   age   son   was   leaving   his   previous   dryer   laying   on   the   sink .   sometimes   the   cord   would   be   in   the   sink !   this   freaked   me   out   a   bit   so   i   ordered   this   wall   unit .   this   was   easy   and   quick   to   install .   i   love   it !   my   son   loves   it !
waste   of   money   this   hair   dryer   died   within   4   months   of   buying   it .   waste   of   money .
does   not   blow   hard   enough   for   me .   does   not   blow   hard   enough   for   me .   bought   a   different   brand   and   it   works   great !
powerful ,   little   dryer   love ,   love ,   love   this   little   hair   dryer !   i   got   it   because   it   tucked   into   my   smallish   bathroom   cabinet   but   was   pleasantly   surprised   how   well   it   worked .   it   has   at   least   as   much   power   as   the   full   size   dryer   i   am   replacing .   i   haven   t   missed   the   old   one   for   a   minute .   plus ,   as   promised ,   this   has   a   very   compact   size   that   makes   storage   and   travel   easy .
totally   satisfied .   very   easy   purchase .   dryer   works   great .   totally   satisfied   customer .
best   dryer .   no   cord   getting   in   the   way .   received   exactly   when   promised .   product   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   and   met   or   exceeded   expectations .
five   stars   this   hairdryer   is   the   best   i   have   had ! ! !   it   is   much   better   than   even   my   125   hairdryer .
best   this   is   now   my   favorite   hair   dryer .   i   use   it   every   day .   it   s   so   light   my   wrist   doesn   t   get   tired .
ok ,   not   great   this   dryer   does   the   job ,   but   it   s   a   little   loud ,   and   it   doesn   t   seem   to   get   as   hot   as   my   last   dryer .   it   takes   a   little   longer   to   dry   my   hair ,   but   at   the   price   i   paid ,   it   was   still   a   good   value .   i   ve   had   it   for   many   months   and   it   still   works   fine .
works   amazingly   well .   loudest   dryer   ever .   i   bought   this   little   dryer   from   another   vendor .   normally   it   takes   me   a   good   40   minutes   to   get   my   hair   mostly   dry   and   i   air   dry   the   rest   with   quite   a   bit   of   frizz .   this   little   hair   dryer   is   very   lightweight ,   comfortable   to   hold   and   dried   my   hair   nearly   complete   after   just   5   minutes   with   no   frizz .   i   returned   it .   br   br   the   problem   is ,   this   is   literally   the   loudest   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   come   across .   really   loud .   i   felt   like   i   had   hearing   issues   for   about   15   minutes   afterward .   granted   i   have   severe   migraines   and   am   super   sensitive   to   noise .   i   love   the   job   it   did ,   i   just   wish   it   did   it   more   quietly .   i   could   not   imaging   turning   this   on   while   traveling ,   camping ,   staying   at   someone   s   house .   too   bad
nice   drying   experience .   dries   as   it   should   with   aesthetic   looks .
perfect   for   me .   i   waited   6   mos   to   write   this   review   because   i   wanted   to   be   sure   it   atleast   lasted   that   long .   this   thing   is   perfect   for   home   use .   i   use   it   on   myself   and   my   daughter .   roller   sets   come   out   perfect .   twistouts   dry   in   half   the   time   wash   and   go   s   have   less   shrinkage   because   the   gel   cast   sets   faster .   i   m   so   glad   i   ordered   this   product .   it   is   top   heavy   when   you   try   and   roll   it   i   support   the   bottom   and   top   as   i   push   but   it   mainly   stays   in   one   spot .   the   bell   can   be   a   bit   startling   but   mainly   because   you   tune   out   the   sound   of   the   dryer   so   when   the   timer   goes   off   you   ve   forgotten   what   you   were   doing .   i   dont   find   it   necessary   to   crank   the   heat   all   the   way   up ,   at   mid   range   my   hair   is   dry   in   about   40min .   in   short ...   i   love   this   dryer   and   if   anything   happened   to   it   i   would   gladly   purchase   again .   i   ordered   my   dryer   the   week   of   christmas   it   was   on   my   doorstep   the   next   day
one   star   the   dryer   blows   cold   air   on   us   settings !   worthless   unless   you   re   traveling   abroad !
five   stars   works   perfectly .
five   stars   excellent   product
buyer   beware !   buyer   beware !   i   have   owned   this   hair   dryer   less   than   9   months .   while   drying   my   5   year   old   daughter   s   hair   it   shut   off .   we   thought   we   just   needed   to   reset   it   on   the   plug .   after   doing   that   and   turning   it   back   on   we   heard   a   loud   snap .   it   burned   through   the   cord   near   the   handle   and   left   black   marks   on   my   husband   s   hand .   thank   goodness   my   daughter   wasn   t   hurt .   what   a   dangerous   piece   of   garbage .
blow   me   away   being   a   guy   i   never   saw   a   need   for   a   hair   dryer ,   but   recently   i   found   it   gives   me   a   ton   of   volume   duh   .   this   is   a   great   buy   and   the   attachment   works   wonders   during   styling .   not   to   mention ,   if   you   are   a   hairy   guy ,   it   makes   the   drying   process   of   the   rest   of   your   body   a   lot   easier !
great   for   32 ,   not   for   200   really   good   dryer   but   now   its   seriously   overpriced .   bought   ours   on   amazon   in   march   for   only   32 .   totally   worth   every   penny ,   however   totally   not   worth   200 .   not   sure   where   the   price   increase   came   from .....
five   stars   better   than   my   old   one .   this   gets   the   job   done   faster   and   a   lot   quieter .
amazing   hair   dryer   for   its   size   and   price !   i   read   the   reviews   on   this   hair   dryer   and   decided   to   give   it   a   try .   going   on   a   big   trip   and   definitely   needed   a   small   travel   size   dryer .   this   hairdryer   is   amazing   for   its   size .   i   have   fine   hair   but   a   lot   of   it   and   this   thing   works   great   great ,   it   s   amazing   for   its   size   how   much   power   it   has .   i   have   a   very   expensive   ionic   ceramic   dryer   and   this   thing   dries   my   hair   just   as   well .   i   ve   actually   even   started   using   it   on   an   every   day   basis   and   for   the   price   you   cannot   go   wrong !
my   hair   dryer   it   drys   my   hair   quickly   and   isn   t   too   large   or   heavy   to   use .   i   wish   it   had   a   hanging   loop   on   th   handle   ,   and   it   is   a   little   on   the   noisy   side
five   stars   great   product   and   amazing   price ! ! !
blew   up   in   three   months   i   know   there   have   been   a   lot   of   positive   reviews   on   this   hairdryer   but   the   one   that   i   purchased   just   34   blew   up   34   .   purchased   in   february   of   2015   and   can   no   longer   use   it   in   the   end   of   may   2015   three   months   .   my   girlfriend   and   myself   were   using   it   daily   for   the   three   months   but   i   would   think   it   would   last   longer   than   that .   trying   to   reach   out   to   the   manufacturer   now   to   get   replaced   but   this   is   a   hassle   that   i   don   t   want   to   deal   with .   br   br   if   we   get   it   replaced ,   i   ll   change   my   rating
love   this   hairdryer ,   been   wanting   one   for   years !   everyone   that   comes   over   comments   where   did   you   get   a   hotel   hair   dryer !   i   want   one ! ! !   it   works   great ,   i   use   it   every   single   morning   and   also   with   some   craft   projects .   it   s   easy   to   use   and   i   love   love   love   how   you   just   shove   it   in   it   s   holster   like   slamming   an   old   telephone   haha   very   satisfying   because   it   turns   off   when   you   put   it   in   its   home .   love   that   about   it .   i   also   like   the   position   of   the   grip .   br   i   mounted   mine   onto   tile   with   two   3m   heavy   duty   adhesive   strips   so   we   didn   t   have   to   drill   holes .   it   s   holding   up   well   and   when   it   is   time   to   take   it   off ,   you   just   slide   the   base   off   it   s   mount   and   work   with   it   directly .   great   buy
works   great ! !   according   to   my   wife   works   great .   my   wife   really   liked   it   for   mother   s   day .   its   dries   her   hair   faster   than   her   old   one .
one   star   light   too   bright
my   cord   keeper   is   a   keeper !   this   hair   dryer   is   light ,   quiet ,   and   best   of   all ,   the   cord   swoops   right   up   into   the   body   of   the   dryer   with   the   push   of   a   button .   i   love ,   love ,   love   this   feature .
good   in   a   pinch   the   bonnet   is   not   quite   big   enough   for   large   rollers ,   so   the   heat   does   not   circulate   well .   i   m   still   looking   for   the   old   fashioned   hat   box   dryers   that   i   had   in   the   60   s .
five   stars   love   it ! ! ! !   i   ve   had   it   for   couple   of   months   now .   definitely   recommend   it .
five   stars   great
worst   hair   dryer   ever   this   is   the   worst   hair   dryer   that   i   have   ever   had .   the   one   that   andis   quit   making ,   and   i   guess   replaced   it   with   this   thing ,   was   sooooooo   much   better   than   this   punny   thing .   anything   can   blow   harder   than   this   one ,   it   s   terrible .   the   nozzle   i   guess   that   s   what   you   call   it   anyway   where   the   air   comes   out   is   so   big   around ,   what   little   air   that   comes   out   goes   everywhere   and   you   can   t   style   your   hair   with   it .   seems   as   though   when   a   company   comes   up   with   a   good   product   and   it   sells   good ,   they   can   t   stand   it ,   and   then   they   come   up   with   something   in   it   s   place   that   is   terrible   and   they   think   people   should   except   their   stupidity   for   making   such   a   mess   of   things .   i   have   had   andis   wall   hair   dryers   for   years   and   loved   them   but ,   this   one   is   the   poorest   excuse   for   a   hair   dryer   that   i   have   ever   had ! ! ! ! ! !   thank   you ,   br   louise   bell
excellent   hair   dryer   very   good   hair   dryer .   mounting   bracket   works   very   good .
two   stars   worked   great   until   it   broke   8.5   months   in .
very   nice   dryer   i   shopped   around   for   a   blow   dryer   and   was   about   to   buy   one   for   well   over   100   dollars   when   i   came   across   this   one ...   so   i   thought   i   would   give   it   a   chance .   i   am   happy   to   say   that   i   love   it .   the   chord   is   nice   and   long ,   the   buttons   are   easy   to   set   and   do   not   sit   in   an   area   where   they   are   in   the   way .   the   cold   shot   button   must   be   held   down   but   it   shoots   out   a   nice   cold   blast   of   air   to   help   set   your   hair .   the   hot   setting   is   super   hot   but   i   am   sure   works   well   with   thick   hair .   i   mostly   use   the   medium   heat   without   any   damage .
powerful   i   hairdresser   recommended   this   blow   dryer   to   me   she   said   it   was   the   strongest   and   best   she   has   ever   used ,   she   was   right .   i   m   pretty   sure   they   use   this   blow   dryer   in   the   movie   twister   to   make   the   tornadoes .
five   stars   super   product !
five   stars   my   roommates   couldn   t   keep   their   hands   off   this
i   love   it   great   hair   dryer !   it   s   the   perfect   size   and   drys   your   hair   quickly !
five   stars   vickie   loves   it   ,
five   stars   love   everything   about   it
two   stars   send   it   back   did   t   work
the   best   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   had   3 .   every   time   one   stops   working ,   i   buy   another   one .   it   makes   my   hair   look   and   feel   great .
great   travel   blow   dryer .   just   the   right   size   and   power   for   travel .
four   stars   its   fine
five   stars   perfect !   good   power .
love   it !   small   but   packs   some   serious   heat   and   power !
five   stars   heats   great ,   love   the   ergonimical   style
five   stars   i   love   this   hair   dryer
five   stars   works   great
you   get   what   you   pay   for ! ! !   3   this   dryer !   i   work   for   a   salon   that   provides   you   with   everything   but   your   shears   and   i   hated   the   blow   dryer   they   provide .   i   went   to   cosmoprof   and   saw   that   this   model   was   on   sale   and   i   decided   to   give   it   a   shot   thinking   34   if   i   hate   it   i   can   always   trade   it   in   and   get   something   else   34   and   since   this   was   one   of   the   more   expensive   models   i   d   get   a   small   refund   as   well .   br   br   the   first   client   i   had   i   noticed   a   huge   difference ,   no   frizzy   hair   and   it   does   the   job   in   half   of   the   time   than   my   other   blowdryer .   also ,   to   fellow   cosmetologists ,   i   recommend   the   power   styler   from   daroko   to   use   with   your   blowdryer   br   br   this   is   definitely   a   case   of   34   you   get   what   you   pay   for   34   .   this   blow   dryer   is   worth   the   money .   if   you   are   ok   the   beauty   industry   this   is   a   great   investment .
shiny ,   silky ,   compliment   worthy   hair !   love   this   hairdryer ! !   i   keep   getting   compliments   on   my   hair   lately   and   the   only   thing   i   ve   done   differently   is   to   start   using   this   blow   dryer   with   no   cut   or   professional   styling   in   months   !   the   small   diffuser   was   a   tight   fit   at   first ,   but   the   more   i   ve   used   it ,   the   easier   it   s   gotten .   i   guess   the   little   tabs   had   to   be   rubbed   down   a   bit .   never   had   a   problem   with   the   curling   diffuser .   2   months   in   and   am   satisfied   so   far !
believe   the   reviews ! ! !   i   sent   it   back .   basically   not   worth   it .   heavy   cord   did   not   retract   all   the   way   not   what   i   was   looking   for .
five   stars   good   product
good   but   now   over   priced   19.95   works   fine   but   at   their   higher   price   no   longer   a   good   buy
i   ve   seen   this   cheaper   elsewhere   this   hairdryer   does   not   get   very   hot .   on   high   heat   it   blows   warm   cool   on   the   low   blow   setting .   even   on   the   high   heat   and   high   blow   setting   it   is   only   warm .   it   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair   with   this   than   my   10   year   old   panteen   hair   dryer .   no   reduction   in   frizz .   i   bought   this   on   amazon   but   i   saw   this   exact   hairdryer   at   dollar   general   for   15 .   it   is   ok .   i   wouldn   t   buy   it   again .
five   stars   fit   my   old   wall   mount   works   great !
mounting   defect   the   mounting   screws   that   screw   the   base   to   the   mounting   plate   are   really   tiny   and   flimsy .   one   of   the   two   screws   stripped   its   thread   right   away   when   it   was   being   slightly   tighten .   it   s   a   shame   that   a   good   product   fails   for   something   so   simple .
it   seems   to   be   newand   fine   but   never   went   this   product   did   not   work   at   all ,   it   seems   to   be   newand   fine   but   never   went   on
five   stars   love ,   love ,   love   it .   very   strong   wind   and   make   my   hair   dry   much   faster .   can   t   live   without   it ,
five   stars   love   it
one   star   hard   to   flex   into   position .
not   happy   with   this   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   left   my   hair   a   tangeled   mess   each   time   i   used   it .   i   will   be   returning   and   going   back   to   a   conair   or   revlon   hair   dryer .
five   stars   the   best   hair   dryer .   in   fact   this   was   a   replacement   for   the   one   i   had   for   ten   years
works   great ,   gave   me   my   independence   back   works   great , gave   me   my   independence   back .
straw   not   silk   i   read   the   reviews   and   decided   to   try   this .   maybe   babyliss   spoiled   me   i   dunno .   my   hair   is   way   too   dry   and   doesnt   hold   its   shape .   returning   and   sticking   with   babyliss .
five   stars   love   this
love   it !   does   not   frizz   out   my   hair   at   ...   love   it !   does   not   frizz   out   my   hair   at   all   in   fact   it   smooths   it   really   well   and   gives   me   that   just   went   to   the   salon   look .
the   wall   mount   feature   is   the   best   for   keeping   a   clutter   free   countertop   this   is   my   second   andis   wall   mounted   hair   dryer ,   which   replaced   one   that   was   over   5   years   old .   of   course ,   the   wall   mount   feature   is   the   best   for   keeping   a   clutter   free   countertop ,   but   i   also   appreciate   that   it   is   quiet   and   has   the   power   to   dry   my   hair   quickly .   i   have   thick ,   shoulder   length   hair .  
...   heat   selector   buttons   are   not   toggle   or   rocker   switch   like   other   ones   it   seems   to   wobble   when   operated   and   ...   the   on   off   and   heat   selector   buttons   are   not   toggle   or   rocker   switch   like   other   ones   it   seems   to   wobble   when   operated   and   feel   it   might   not   last   as   long   as   others .   i   do   not   use   often   but   others   in   family   will .   will   have   to   see   how   it   wears .
five   stars   just   like   we   use   when   we   travel   mariott   uses   these  
five   stars   very   good   product !
five   stars   good   hair   dryer !
five   stars   great   for   speed   drying   and   traveling .
four   stars   love   it .
love   it .   makes   me   hair   smooth   and   dries   my   hair   quickly .   love   it .
love   this   hair   dryer   quietiest   hair   dryer   that   we   ve   ever   owned .   very   powerful ,   drys   quickly   and   efficiently .   love   this   hair   dryer !
three   stars   nice   product ,   but   never   got   the   diffuser   it   was   supposed   to   come   with .
one   star   doesn   t   fold ! ! ! ! !
professional   product   at   a   bargain   price !   i   absolutely   love   this   dryer !   the   buttons   are   easy   to   use ,   the   concentrator   nozzle   keeps   my   hair   smooth   and   it   dries   in   half   the   time !   i   would   buy   this   again !
wife   didn   t   really   like   it   wife   didn   t   really   like   it .   wasn   t   impressed .   works   fine   though .
overheats   immediately !   overheats   really   easy   it   is   light ,   small ,   cute   and   works   ok   apart   from   that ...   i   would   also   prefer   the   tip   34   thinner   34  
great   product   quiet   like   i   ve   never   experienced   i   forget   it   s   ...   great   product   quiet   like   i   ve   never   experienced   i   forget   it   s   on   if   i   walk   away   from   it !   lol   br   gets   really   hot   so   be   careful   to   adjust   or   sit   low   .. best   dryer   ever   and   i   ve   owned   7
new   curlipops   pancake   style   dryer   beats   the   competition   i   m   better   impressed   with   the   curlipops   diffuser   dryer   than   i   was   with   my   deceased   conair   curl   fusion   ionic   ceramic   styler   hair   dryer   next   to   current   generation   which   the   curlipops   is   replacing   for   me .   both   dryers   have   negative   ionic   technology ,   which   makes   them   preferable   to   the   free   hairdryers   at   hotels ,   the   gym ,   and   my   therapy   pool ,   as   i   always   notice   much   more   frizz   when   i   use   those   dryers   than   when   i   use   my   own .   so ,   in   that   regard ,   they   re   both   preferable   imo .   br   br   unlike   the   conair ,   the   curlipops   allows   you   to   position   the   diffuser   the   way   you   want   to ,   and   for   me   that   s   so   that   there   aren   t   large   gaps   between   the   dryer   fan   and   your   hair .   it   may   be   that   i   have   a   heightened   sense   of   safety   awareness ,   after   working   in   health   care   for   38   years ,   but   the   conair   s   clipping   on   in   a   way   that   kept   the   gaps   as   wide   as   possible   didn   t   give   me   a   whole   lot   of   confidence   that   it   would   work   well   for   pixiecurling .   for   those   who   don   t   know ,   this   is   a   method   of   drying   curly   hair ,   developed   by   someone   who   goes   by   pixiecurl   on   naturallycurly . com ,   in   which   you   scrunch   your   hair   into   the   bowl   of   a   dryer   s   diffuser   with   the   dryer   off ,   turn   it   on   and   dry   that   section   of   hair ,   then   turn   it   off   before   repositioning   the   dryer   because   the   dryer   isn   t   on   when   you   do   the   scrunching ,   curls   stay   better   defined ,   but   another   factor   is   that   your   hair   isn   t   being   pushed   away   by   airflow   when   you   re   positioning   the   dryer ,   only   possibly   an   issue   with   a   pancake   style   dryer .   i   was   still   too   chicken   to   try   it   with   pixiecurling ,   but   used   the   method   jessica   mcguinty   of   jessicurl   uses   in   her   hair   drying   video   60   https   www . youtube . com   watch   v   cyyoypbthi0   62   ,   and   it   worked   great !   my   hair   dried   a   lot   faster ,   curled   really   well ,   and   i   had   no   problems   with   frizz   as   it   finished   drying .   although   it   s   a   little   difficult   to   attach   initially ,   the   diffuser   works   really   well ,   and   that   s   no   biggie   since   i   have   no   reason   to   keep   removing   and   reattaching   it ,   it   just   resides   on   the   dryer .   so   one   for   curlipops .   br   br   it   has   three   heat   settings   cool ,   warm ,   and   hot ,   which   are   independent   of   the   airflow   speed ,   as   well   as   having   a   cool   shot   button .   i   don   t   use   high   speed   because   it   disorganizes   my   curls .   i   m   also   unlikely   to   use   hot ,   but   it   s   nice   to   have   the   option   of   finishing   with   cool   air   without   having   to   hold   the   cool   shot   button   down   for   an   extended   period   of   time .   the   conair   has   hi ,   off ,   and   lo ,   along   with   a   cool   shot   button ,   so   airspeed   and   heat ,   or   lack   thereof ,   are   connected   to   each   other ,   and   i   score   another   one   for   the   curlipops .   br   br   whine   the   conair   has   it   in   spades ,   and   the   curlipops   has   very   little .   so   i   give   this   one   to   the   curlipops   too .   br   br   both   dryers   are   listed   as   having   the   same   weight ,   according   to   amazon ,   though   that   s   really   the   shipping   weight .   it   s   a   little   more   than   i   d   like ,   considering   i   have   fibromyalgia ,   and   i   don   t   need   any   help   making   my   arms   and   shoulders   ache ,   but   it   s   still   better   than   getting   hypothermia ,   pneumonia ,   or   bronchitis .   also ,   not   having   the   dryer   permanently   attached   to   a   wall   means   i   can   get   into   more   comfortable   positions   while   drying   my   hair .   both   still   weigh   less   than   my   mother   s   non   ionic ,   folding ,   travel   dryer ,   which   i   used   once   while   i   was   moving   her ,   then   abandoned   due   to   the   abundant   halo   of   frizz   it   created .   so   score   one   for   both   pancake   dryers .   however ,   neither   one   has   dual   voltage ,   and   the   curlipops   s   instructions   specifically   state   it   should   not   be   used   with   a   voltage   converter ,   so   it   would   not   be   a   possible   choice   for   travel   outside   of   north   america . curlipops .   br   br   it   has   three   heat   settings   cool ,   warm ,   and   hot ,   which   are   independent   of   the   airflow   speed ,   as   well   as   having   a   cool   shot   button .   i   don   t   use   high   speed   because   it   disorganizes   my   curls .   i   m   also   unlikely   to   use   hot ,   but   it   s   nice   to   have   the   option   of   finishing   with   cool   air   without   having   to   hold   the   cool   shot   button   down   for   an   extended   period   of   time .   the   conair   has   hi ,   off ,   and   lo ,   along   with   a   cool   shot   button ,   so   airspeed   and   heat ,   or   lack   thereof ,   are   connected   to   each   other ,   and   i   score   another   one   for   the   curlipops .   br   br   whine   the   conair   has   it   in   spades ,   and   the   curlipops   has   very   little .   so   i   give   this   one   to   the   curlipops   too .   br   br   both   dryers   are   listed   as   having   the   same   weight ,   according   to   amazon ,   though   that   s   really   the   shipping   weight .   it   s   a   little   more   than   i   d   like ,   considering   i   have   fibromyalgia ,   and   i   don   t   need   any   help   making   my   arms   and   shoulders   ache ,   but   it   s   still   better   than   getting   hypothermia ,   pneumonia ,   or   bronchitis .   also ,   not   having   the   dryer   permanently   attached   to   a   wall   means   i   can   get   into   more   comfortable   positions   while   drying   my   hair .   both   still   weigh   less   than   my   mother   s   non   ionic ,   folding ,   travel   dryer ,   which   i   used   once   while   i   was   moving   her ,   then   abandoned   due   to   the   abundant   halo   of   frizz   it   created .   so   score   one   for   both   pancake   dryers .   however ,   neither   one   has   dual   voltage ,   and   the   curlipops   s   instructions   specifically   state   it   should   not   be   used   with   a   voltage   converter ,   so   it   would   not   be   a   possible   choice   for   travel   outside   of   north   america .
five   stars   great   product
four   stars   good   product ,   but   cord   is   short .
works   like   a   dream !   buttons   should   be   reversed ...   great   dryer !   lighter   weight   and   less   damaging   than   my   old   one .   this   is   being   picky ,   but   i   wish   the   switched   the   positions   of   the   power   and   heat   setting   buttons .   i   hold   the   dryer   in   my   left   hand   and   the   brush   in   my   right   do   other   righties   do   this   .   my   left   thumb   is   closest   to   the   heat   setting   button   that   i   never   change   and   farther   away   from   the   on   off   switch   which   i   use   between   every   section   of   hair .   the   result   accidentally   switching   the   hear   setting   to   34   blast   furnace   34   and   burning   my   scalp .   conair ,   one   little   change ,   please !
four   stars   nice   blower .
best   dryer   yet !   this   dryer   is   amazing !   it   works   better   than   the   shop   dryers .   it   s   super   quiet   besides   the   timer   tick   but   even   the   tick   is   less   noisy   than   the   shop   dryer .. me   and   my   clients   can   carry   on   a   conversation   and   they   can   enjoy   watching   t . v .   this   dryer   exceeded   my   expectations   in   all   areas   and   it   was   also   very   easy   to   assemble .   the   shipping   was   also   awesome   it   arrived   within   3   days   from   ordering   it .   i   recommend   this   dryer   to   anyone .
love   it !   i   have   thick   hair   and   this   baby   gets   my   hair   dry   quickly   and   without   frizzies !   love   it !
i   was   amazing   by   that   this   dryer   is   so   light   weight ! !   i   was   amazing   by   that .   it   is   perfect   for   what   i   needed .
works   as   advertised ,   may   need   to   secure   hose   to   bonnet   by   altering   what   conair   provided .   does   what   it   is   supposed   to .   a   noted   design   flaw ...   the   hose   connector   to   the   bonnet   does   not   couple   well ,   or   rather   stay   connected .   i   suggest   that   you   shove   the   male   hose   part   into   the   female   bonnet   part ,   without   using   the   notches .   it   may   permanently   attach   the   tow   so   you   can   no   longer   use   the   brush   or   detach   them ,   but   it   will   keep   the   two   secure .   also   it   kind   of   smells   weird   when   on .
...   my   daughter   it   isn   t   hot   enough   for   me   but   awesome   for   my   10yr   old   to   dry   her   thin   fine   hair   bought   dryer   for   my   daughter   it   isn   t   hot   enough   for   me   but   awesome   for   my   10yr   old   to   dry   her   thin   fine   hair   with
you   get   what   you   pay   for ...   fits   a   need ,   but   not   as   nicely   made   as   the   model   it   replaced .   the   base   is   all   molded   plastic   and   is   not   really   integrated   with   the   hair   dryer .   what   i   mean   is   that   there   are   two   notches   cut   in   to   the   plastic   base   and   the   hair   dryer   cord   is   run   through   the   notches   with   some   rubber   grommets   used   to   hold   the   cord   in   place .   br   br   there   are   not   a   lot   of   alternative   products   to   choose   from   and   on   the   plus   side   it   was   relatively   cheap   and   easy   to   install .
best   dryer   i   have   owned ! ! !   i   have   very   thick   and   coarse   hair   and   this   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   have   owned   until   now !   it   gets   my   hair   dry   so   fast ,   and   the   end   results   are   smooth   and   frizzless   hair .   with   other   hair   dryers   it   takes   anywhere   from   25   35   minutes   but   this   one   literally   takes   7   10   minutes   plus   adds   more   volume   to   my   hair . the   heat   settings   are   perfect   as   well   in   case   someone   doesn   t   want   to   add   too   much   heat   to   your   hair   ..   every   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   did   pretty   much   all   the   same   things   but   at   the   end   made   my   hair   frizzy   and   dried   my   hair   out .   this   dryer   is   the   only   one   that   makes   my   hair   look   so   beautiful ,   sleek ,   soft   and   shiny !   it   makes   my   hair   so   smooth   that   i   almost   don   t   have   to   flat   iron   it   since   it   is   naturally   wavy .   freakinglyyy   amazing ! !
four   stars   good   merchandise   for   the   price .   a  
great   small   dryer   great   power ,   compact   shape ,   easy   to   use .   this   is   for   my   regular   daily   use   because   the   small   size   fits   under   my   sink   but   is   powerful   enough   to   blow   out   my   hairstyle   every   day .
great   gift   i   got   this   as   a   gift   to   my   mom   and   she   love   it   ! ! ! !
super   tiny   but   powerful   super   tiny   but   works   great .   perfect   for   weekend   trips   away   from   home   and   small   enough   to   toss   in   a   bag   and   take   to   the   gym .   not   terribly   noisy   either .   i   wish   it   had   a   medium   heat   setting   but   other   than   that ,   i   can   t   complain .
five   stars   i   love   it .   no   more   clutter   in   the   bathroom .
five   stars   i   like   tha   it   has   the   hot   and   warm   heat   adjustment .   works   great .
doesn   t   fit   of   the   two   blow   dryers   that   i   own ,   this   attachment   fits   neither .
two   stars   bad   smell   come   out .
five   stars   great   hairdryer !
five   stars   my   favorite   hair   dryer ,   powerful ,   totally   recommended !
great   value   a   lot   of   power .   heavier   than   some   hair   dryers   that   i   have   previously   owned .   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   i   would   like   it   to ,   but   still   styles   your   hair   effectively .
good   value   good   value   i   am   very   happy .
great   buy   for   the   price   i   bought   this   from   amazon   warehouse   deals ,   so   it   was   a   few   dollars   cheaper .   the   only   thing   it   didn   t   have   was   a   box .   everything   else   was   there ,   and   working .   there   was   no   damage   to   the   item   itself .   br   br   this   hair   dryer   runs   a   bit   quieter   and   smoother   than   my   previous   one ,   and   has   both   the   concentrator   and   diffuser ,   and   cold   shot ,   so   i   m   set .   it   s   light   too ,   so   if   you   spend   a   lot   of   time   using   it   your   wrist   and   hand   won   t   get   as   tired .   br   br   great   buy   for   the   price .   better   than   the   30   one   i   bought   at   sally   beauty .
...   a   purple   hint   of   color   just   an   fyi   and   love   it .   i   used   it   for   the   first   time   ...   so   this   blow   dryer   has   a   purple   hint   of   color   just   an   fyi   and   love   it .   i   used   it   for   the   first   time   because   my   other   blow   dryer   would   cause   a   lot   of   split   ends ,   instantly .   so   i   used   it   for   the   first   time   and   no   split   ends ,   yay ! .   i   also   did   use   another   blow   out   product   with   this   blow   dryer   which   you   should   try   to   prevent   split   ends .   i   use   the   redken   satinwear   blow   dry   lotion   before   i   start   blow   drying   and   both   combined   work   wonders .   your   hair   will   look   like   you   just   came   out   of   the   salon .
four   stars   this   is   actually   a   pretty   darned   good   blow   dryer   for   the   price .   just   wish   the   cord   was   longer .
five   stars   good   product
four   stars   work   well   and   has   great   heat .   i   can   dry   my   hair   very   fast
five   stars   love   the   hot   pink !   different   speeds   and   heat   settings   are   fantastic .   re   tractable   cord   works   well .
works   great   for   all   hair   types !   highly   recommended   the   best   hair   dryer   ever !   my   children   are   biracial   so   i   have   to   find   products   that   can   accompany   their   individual   hair   textures .   my   daughter   has   coarse   thick   hair   whereas   my   son   has   thin   straight   hair .   this   dryer   works   for   both   of   them   efficiently .   works   fast !   don   t   need   a   flat   iron   for   my   daughter   since   this   gets   it   pretty   straight   while   drying .   cuts   time   in   half .   bought   based   on   good   reviews   and   i   now   highly   recommend   it   myself !   try   it   and   you   ll   never   want   a   different   hair   dryer .
five   stars   i   love   the   amount   of   air   it   produces   and   the   multiple   heat   and   blow   settings !
inexpensive   dryer   gets   the   job   done   this   is   a   very   decent   little   hair   dryer   very   inexpensive ,   two   speeds   and   heats ,   but   it   packs   punch   for   its   size .   i   wish   it   were   some   other   color   not   a   huge   fan   of   pink   ,   but   i   am   very   satisfied   with   this   purchase .
but   the   product   itself   works   great .   bigger   than   i   expected   ,   doesn   t   fit   in   my   drawer .   but   the   product   itself   works   great .
four   stars   very   good   for   the   price .   gets   super   hot   so   you   have   to   be   careful .
three   stars   would   have   preferred   a   stronger   airflow
i   m   in   love !   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   faster   than   others   and   makes   my   hair   soft .
five   stars   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for !   here   s   hoping   it   lives   a   long   and   service   oriented   life .
five   stars   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned !
absolute   bargain   of   the   century   superb   hair   dryer   for   the   money !   absolute   bargain   of   the   century !   my   wife   had   two   chi   s   break   in   the   course   of   around   five   years .   while   most   would   argue   that   2   3   years   is   adequate   when   one   pays   100   for   a   hairdryer ,   you   expect   to   see   many   long   years   of   service .   instead   of   sinking   another   hundo   into   what   is   just   a   high   priced   chinese   made   hair   dryer ,   we   took   a   gamble   on   the   herstyler   pro .   the   result   my   wife   is   101   pleased   really .   fit   and   finish   is   as   good   as   the   chi .   logical   button   placement   and   function   is   perfect .   temps   are   ideal ,   force   is   great   and   the   whole   hairdryer   feels   like   a   salon   professional .   they   could   double   the   price   and   it   would   still   be   a   steal .   very   well   done .   i   like   it   so   much ,   we   are   buying   a   second   to   stick   on   the   shelf   if   the   first   ever   gives   up   the   ghost .
not   exactly   useful   much   smaller   than   anticipated   not   sure   what   they   measured   for   the   dimensions .   it   is   also   fairly   weak   if   you   have   thicker   hair .
awful !   puff   of   smoke   and   no   blowing !   would   give   zero   stars   if   allowed .   the   day   it   arrived ,   took   it   out   of   the   box ,   plugged   in   and   nothing .   just   a   big   puff   of   smoke   that   smelled   awful .   unplugged   and   it   continued   to   smoke .   very   disappointed   in   this .   thought   i   have   found   a   trusted   manufacturer   and   decently   priced   hair   dryer .   back   it   went   for   return .
five   stars   good
five   stars   bought   this   for   my   daughter .   she   loves   it ,   except   there   is   no   diffuser   but   she   has   managed .
just   what   i   wanted   love   it .   not   to   hot ,   drys   my   hair   quickly   and   my   hair   looks   fab .   what   more   could   i   ask   for .   i   m   glad   i   did   not   get   one   of   the   more   pricey   dryers .
saves   me   money   long   term   works   very   well   and   fast .   i   have   medium   long   wavy   hair .   it   looks   very   healthy   after   blow   drying   without   even   any   product .   i   am   saving   a   lot   by   not   having   to   use   products   in   my   hair   anymore .
five   stars   very   good   quality   product   for   good   price
five   stars   perfect
not   safe   for   use   in   the   u . s .   this   thing   had   sparks   coming   out   of   it ,   so   i   called   panasonic   and   they   said   that   these   were   made   for   use   in   japan .   they   say   100volts   on   them .   look   at   all   your   other   hair   dyers   and   electrical   appliances .   they   usually   say   120v   or   125v .   br   br   i   ve   copied   and   pasted   this   from   a   blog   where   someone   asked   if   you   can   use   japanese   appliances   in   the   u . s .   34   can   you   use   japanse   appliances   in   the   us   br   i   am   an   electrical   engineer .   my   expert   opinion   is   i   would   stay   away   from   using   any   appliance   that   generates   heat ... such   as   a   hairdryer   as   previously   mentioned   or   a   kotatsu   or   a   boiler   for   tea   water ... unless   you   know   what   you   are   doing ! !   br   br   japan   s   electrical   system   is   roughly   the   same   as   the   us   s .   however ,   the   us   s   voltage   is   120vac   rms   60hz   while   japan   s   is   100vac   rms   50   or   60hz   depending   on   region   .   br   br   so ,   any   heat   generating   device   from   japan   that   is   used   in   the   us   will   get   20   hotter   than   it   s   design   intended .   the   risk   is   damage   to   the   device   and   or   fire ... or   injury   of   a   person .   please   be   careful ! !   br   br   that   being   said ,   you   could   use   a   transformer   for   such   devices   if   you   really   must   have   them .   but ,   heat   generating   devices   are   usually   pretty   high   wattage ... meaning   you   d   need   some   pretty   hefty   transformers   to   do   the   job .   34   br   br   we   do   have   another   of   these   dryers   that   s   a   slightly   different   model   that   hasn   t   sparked ,   but   knowing   what   i   know   now ,   i   wouldn   t   buy   another .   br   br   i   ve   put   a   link   below   to   a   similar   dryer   that   s   conair   brand   that   we   ve   bought   before   and   which   is   what   i   m   replacing   this   unit   with .   there   may   be   other   brands   just   look   for   hair   straightening   dryer   or   something   like   that .   br   br   http   www . amazon . com   gp   product   b000me2ywg   ref   oh   aui   detailpage   o00   s00   ie   utf8   psc   1
they   ve   been   great .   lasted   a   long   time   i   have   had   a   couple   of   these   over   the   years .   they   ve   been   great .   lasted   a   long   time .   easy   to   mount .   great   night   light   too .
great   hair   dryer   great   dryer ,   easy   to   hold ,   made   really   well ,   drys   hair   in   no   time   at   all
find   another   blow   dryer   my   old   blow   dryer   broke   and   i   needed   a   quick   replacement .   the   price   seemed   reasonable   and   it   was   a   quick   delivery .   the   hair   dryer   is   flimsy   and   the   nozzle   continues   to   fall   off   from   day   one .   i   never   had   the   time   to   pack   it   up   and   send   it   back .   bad   me   for   not   returning   it .
five   stars   amazing   value !
four   stars   very   nice   hairdryer .   wishing   the   size   is   smaller   though .
don   t   leave   home   without   it !   great   little   travel   dryer .   super   strong   for   the   size !
beard   dryer   and   styler   i   use   this   to   style   my   epic   beard .   it   is   great .   the   only   down   side   i   can   thik   of   is   the   attachment   only   fits   this   hair   dryer .   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   at   a   great   price .
love   it !   it   dries   so   fast   it   is   great !   i   had   brought   one   over   from   france   that   my   mom   had   gotten   years   and   years   ago   but   unfortunately   i   was   never   able   to   get   the   same   power   due   to   the   voltage   difference .   i   ordered   this   one   and   it   is   the   same   to   the   t   except   color   .   cut   down   my   hair   routine   in   half .   br   it   does   fume   and   heats   up   a   lot   so   be   careful !   br   i   have   black   relaxed   hair  
good   size ,   power   and   temperature   purchased   several   of   these   a   few   years   ago .   gave   one   as   a   gift   and   my   wife   kept   one .   she   loved   hers ,   so   when   she   recently   gave   it   to   our   daughter   she   bought   this   one   as   a   replacement .   my   wife   likes   the   size ,   power   and   temperature   of   this   hair   dryer   and   rates   it   5   stars .
fast   drying   and   easy   to   hold .   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   used .   light   weight   and   dries   hair   fast .
five   stars   love   it ,   lots   of   power   and   drys   my   hair   quickly
lovethis   hair   dryer .   used   this   dryer   during   a   recent   trip   to   europe .   so   easy   to   use   in   different   countries   and   compact   to   carry .   couldn   t   ask   for   a   better ,   more   efficient   dryer .   i   even   used   it   to   warm   cold   food   in   my   hotel   room ,   but   don   t   tell   anybody .
five   stars   works   well
hot   and   compact   works   beautifully   and   fast .   lots   of   heat   choices .   hot   is   hot   with   this   dryer .   i   had   to   wear   a   terry   headband   around   my   forehead ,   ears ,   neck   because   of   the   34   leakage   34   of   hot   air ,   but   otherwise ,   it   dried   my   curly   hair   very   quickly ,   almost   as   fast   as   at   the   salon .   love   the   thin   case   and   the   way   the   power   cord ,   bonnet   and   air   hose   store   in   the   case .   i   worried   about   where   i   d   store   this   in   a   small   apartment ,   but   it   s   no   problem .
four   stars   great   deal .   love   it   except   it   is   a   little   heavy .
five   stars   works   great   and   keeps   my   daughter   from   borrowing   my   wife   s   all   the   time .
five   stars   good   product .   received   quickly .   as   expected .
four   stars   dries   my   hair   quicker   than   my   older   one .   a   little   heavy   though
my   wife   my   wife   really   liked   this   product   it   s   good
five   stars   great   product ,   fast   delivery   and   reasonable   price !   highly   recommended !
meh ...   i   ve   had   this   blow   dryer   for   about   six   months .   it   dries ,   it   s   strong ,   but   i   keep   smelling   a   slight   burn   scent   and   i   feel   like   it   s   just   about   ready   to   bite   the   dust .   i   don   t   really   even   blow   dry   my   hair   that   often .   also ,   it   claims   to   be   34   ionic   34   but   my   hair   is   totally   frizzy   after   using   it ,   so   it   seems   like   just   a   buzz   word   on   this   product .   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   i   ll   be   shopping   for   a   more   quality   product .
three   stars   underpowered .
we   are   very   happy   with   its   performance   this   is   our   second   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   and   i   can   see   some   improvements   in   the   design .   we   are   very   happy   with   its   performance .
or   maybe   i   need   a   plus   size   head   bonnet   i   know   everyone   has   said   this   dryer   is   awesome   blah   blah   blah .   i   normally   love   andis   products ,   but   this   has   ended   their   winning   streak   with   me .   i   purchased   this   for   deep   conditions   and   to   style   my   hair   roller   sets ,   twists   etc .   this   bonnet   is   so   small   it   only   fit   on   my   7yr   olds   head   and   that   was   a   tight   fit .   i   really   tried   to   make   it   work   but   after   i   knocked   all   my   pink   rollers   loose ,   everyone   got   a   hearty   laugh   i   gave   up .   don   t   know   if   they   used   small   models   for   the   design   or   maybe   i   need   a   plus   size   head   bonnet   either   way   it   was   a   return   for   me .
five   stars   super   powerful   and   versatile !
why   is   this   item   getting   such   bad   reviews   why   is   this   item   getting   such   bad   reviews   !   !   i   have   this   blow   dryer   it   s   the   only   blow   dryer   that   really   works   on   my   hair   doesn   t   break   or   blow   out   while   dealing   with   my   thick   hair .   i   only   wish   the   comb   was   more   stronger   it   came   in   pink   other   than   that   no   complaints   ! ! !
better   than   a   big   dryer   why   does   this   little   compact   travel   dryer   work   better   than   my   bigger   more   expensive   hair   dryer   which   i   ve   put   away   in   the   guest   bathroom .   this   is   a   great   little   dryer .   i   wish   it   had   a   quick   cool   shot   button ,   but   i   wouldn   t   avoid   buying   it   for   that   reason .
five   stars   works   really   well .
i   i   ve   only   used   this   for   a   couple   of   weeks ,   but   so   far   has   met   my   expectations .   just   installed   a   new   handicapped   shower ,   mounted   this   just   outside   the   shower   above   a   gfi   receptacle .   it   does   a   great   job   both   drying   me   off ,   and   drying   the   many   shelves   in   the   shower   which   hold   water .   my   soap   now   stays   dry   and   firm ,   and   my   bath   mat   doesn   t   get   waterlogged .   br   best   feature   the   magnet   which   holds   the   dryer   in   the   cradle .   most   plastic   latches   fail   after   a   few   months ,   but   the   magnet   should   be   bulletproof .   i   also   like   the   long   cord   which   reaches   to   the   end   of   my   5   foot   shower .   if   one   doesn   t   have   a   34   backer   board   34   i   recommend   34   molly   34   anchors   to   mount   the   dryer   metal   bracket .
awesome   but ....   awesome   product   but   did   not   give   5   stars   because   it   didn   t   last   long   before   it   started   giving   problems .   for   the   money   paid ,   expected   the   product   to   hold   up   longer .
five   stars   good
four   stars   this   blow   dryer   is   very   powerful   and   does   the   job .
love   this ! !   love   this   hair   dryer ! !
five   stars   none
i   love   it ! !   this   works   well . very   gentle   and   it   makes   my   hair   smooth . bought   it   for   a   few   months   and   works   well .
dry   s   well   and   is   small   enough   to   pack   for   travel   ...   dry   s   well   and   is   small   enough   to   pack   for   travel .
five   stars   very   good   and   i   love   it !
junk   junk .   hard   to   clean   and   it   took   a   long   time   to   dry .   other   retractable   hair   dryers   can   be   had   for   about   the   same   price .   started   to   get   a   rattling   sound   inside   of   it   with   a   burnt   smell .   lasted   under   a   year .
good   not   as   hot   as   the   dryer   it   replaced ,   but   i   adapted .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   wonderful   feature .
it   dries   my   hair   very   fast   though   it   does   not   have   the   changing   voltz   feature   i   like   it !   is   a   little   heavy   but   you   can   ...   so   far   it   is   working   lovely !   it   dries   my   hair   very   fast   though   it   does   not   have   the   changing   voltz   feature   i   like   it !   is   a   little   heavy   but   you   can   see   it   is   of   good   quality !   hope   electric   accident   won   t   happen .
five   stars   great   dryer .
but   i   like   the   power   doesn   t   seem   to   be   hot   enough ,   but   i   like   the   power !
it   is   the   right   size ,   it   is   the   right   size ,   not   to   big   for   the   bathroom   and   with   a   lot   of   power
two   stars   the   brush   is   much   to   soft ... doesn   t   really   serve   a   purpose .
works   great !   just   a   little   heavy   works   great !   just   a   little   heavy .
loud !   what   !   i   said   it   s   loud ! ! !   huh   this   is   a   powerful   and   very   hot   dryer   if   that   s   what   your   looking   for .   but   it   s   heavy ,   really   long   with   the   concentrator   on   it ,   and   loud ! ! !   holy   crap   i   m   going   def
four   stars   good   for   rv   s
i   love   the   number   of   options   this   dryer   gives   you   as   ...   i   love   the   number   of   options   this   dryer   gives   you   as   far   as   heat   and   intensity .   the   attachment   is   smooth   and   the   dryer   is   quiet .   good   purchase .
five   stars   this   is   the   best   blow   dryer .
very   powerful   and   the   low   heat   setting   is   definitely   low   ...   very   powerful   and   the   low   heat   setting   is   definitely   low   heat ...   most   blow   dryers   low   setting   seems   to   be   more   hot   than   low .
bargain ! !   takes   up   very   little   space .   has   a   nightlight .   very   powerful .
and   easy   to   multiple   settings ,   light ,   and   easy   to   use
five   stars   my   hair   has   never   been   better ! ! !
good   hair   dryer   for   the   price   it   s   a   good   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   it   s   light   weight   and   you   still   get   the   benefits   fr   om   a   full   side   hair   dryer .   the   lettering   on   the   handle   did   rub   off   within   a   week   but   that   s   not   a   big   deal   for   me .   overall   i   m   pretty   happy   with   my   purchase .
very   disappointed ! ! ! !   very   disappointed   i   have   bought   this   exact   product   about   5   6   times   over   the   last   8   years   it   was   awesome   great   heat   great   weight   attractive   etc .   but   the   last   2   i   ordered   from   amazon   the   plug   in   design   changed   and   it   fits   to   loosely   into   the   wall   socket   and   sparks   which   is   scary   i   love   the   hair   dyer   itself   but   the   new   design   of   the   plug   in   is   faulty   what   can   be   done  
works   good   my   old   dryer   was   not   putting   out   any   heat .   that   was   why   i   bought   this   one .   it   does   not   put   out   as   much   air   as   my   old   one ,   but   it   does   a   good   job   of   drying   my   hair .
best   had   the   blow   dryer   for   several   months   now ...   no   problem   does   not   over   heat ....   best   investment
worth   the   money !   love   this   dryer .   professional   results   without   the   price !
five   stars   great
better   than   expected   really   great   value   to   price   ratio   better   than   expected   really   great   value   to   price   ratio .   did   not   find   any   of   the   issues   regarding   control   buttons .   love   the   settings ,   cool   setting   a   big   and   a   cold   button   for   a   burst   of   chilly   air .   2   speeds ,   3   setting   plus   cold   button ,   fantastic   air   flow ,   does   what   it   says   for   a   fraction   of   the   price   of   high   end   salon   brands .   would   gladly   buy   again !
five   stars   when   wife   is   happy   with   purchase ,   husband   is   happy   with   purchase
bought   a   second   one   works   so   good   i   bought   another   one   when   my   wife   decided   to   take   the   first   one   with   her   to   her   exercise   class   each   morning .
  the   best   hair   drying   styler   ever !   i   simply   cannot   say   enough   wonderful   things   about   this   product .   my   reasons   for   a   5   star   rating   br   br   positives   br   powerful   and   efficient   hair   dries   quickly   without   being   blown   wild   br   able   to   easily   style   while   drying   br   comes   with   two   attachments   and   they   stay   in   place   wonderfully   br   retractable   cord   eliminates   hassles   between   uses   br   for   a   hair   drying   styler ,   this   is   not   excessively   loud   br   br   negatives   br   no   complaints !   br   br   this   has   been   my   top   choice   in   hair   dryers   after   using   my   sister   s   awhile   ago !   i   finally   confirmed   the   type   to   purchase .   then ,   i   found   it   on   amazon   s   34   today   s   deals   34   daily   deals   even   better !   this   is   a   fabulous   hair   drying   styler   at   an   extremely   reasonable   price   as   listed   or   with   a   deal   !   over   my   lifetime ,   i   have   used   many   hair   dryers ,   with   a   wide   price   range ,   and   had   not   ever   been   super   pleased   with   any   one   in   particular .... before   using   this   one .   i   was   so   looking   forward   to   getting   it   and   was   super   excited   to   use   it .... i   was   not   disappointed   at   all !
oster   does   it   s   job   replaced   a   earlier   version .   works   well .   wife   happy
five   stars   hair   dryer   is   perfect   and   haven   t   had   any   problems   since   purchase !
home   salon   dryer   my   wife   really   loves   this   dryer .   it   was   easy   to   put   together   and   works   great .   it   dries   her   long   hair   just   the   way   she   likes   it .   she   s   happy ..   i   m   happy .
five   stars   love   the   night   light   and   works   great ! !
i   d   recommend   i   rate   the   product   4   stars .   it   dries   quickly   and   cuts   down   the   frizz   a   bit ,   but   nothing   out   of   this   world .   however ,   i   just   interacted   with   customer   service   for   a   problem ,   and   i   was   very   impressed   with   how   the   company   handled   the   situation .   the   product   definitely   deserves   an   extra   star   for   customer   service !
five   stars   very   good   for   travel   and   very   potent .
five   stars   great   dryer   love   it
do   not   buy   it   terrible   power ! ! !
five   stars   item   delivered   on   time ,   was   as   described
five   stars   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased .
five   stars   great   value
this   hair   dryer   is   amazing !   only   flaw   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing !   br   br   only   flaw   there   s   no   swivel   cord ,   making   it   resist   moving   around .   br   br   otherwise ,   its   great !   the   perfect   size   for   my   weekend   bag   and   there   are   plenty   of   settings .
my   new   favorite   hair   dryer !   i   love   this   dryer !   it   is   so   much   more   powerful   than   the   one   that   it   replaced .   it   doesn   t   cause   my   hair   to   frizz   and   i   have   been   able   to   drastically   cut   down   on   the   amount   of   flat   ironing   i   do .   it   is   somewhat   heavy ,   but   this   is   to   be   expected   with   the   extra   power   that   it   provides   and   i   really   don   t   have   a   problem   with   the   weight .   i   love   the   heavy   duty ,   long   cord   it   has   too !   my   only   complaint   is   one   that   i   have   heard   from   other   viewers   the   control   buttons   are   somewhat   awkward .   i   have   had   to   get   used   to   holding   this   dryer   in   a   different   way   than   i   ve   always   held   all   other   hairdryers .   if   i   hold   it   in   the   usual   way ,   it   is   extremely   easy   to   accidentally   push   the   buttons   with   your   hand   and   inadvertently   change   the   settings .   other   than   this   small   issue ,   which   i   am   already   getting   used   to   dealing   with ,   i   think   this   is   probably   the   best   dryer   that   i   have   ever   used .
it   s   okay .   this   is   an   okay   product .   if   you   avidly   blow   dry   your   hair   get   a   bigger   one .   but   for   the   occasional   use   it   s   okay
five   stars   this   is   perfect ,   works   great   and   so   easy   travel   with   due   to   is   compact   size .
this   is   so   much   better   than   the   cheap   dryer   i   bought   at   supermarket   before   i   ever   used   this   product   i   thought   all   hair   dryers   are   the   same   because   they   simply   just   blow   air .   after   used   my   friend   s   panasonic   nano   hair   dryer ,   i   knew   i   was   wrong .   this   is   so   much   better   than   the   cheap   dryer   i   bought   at   supermarket .   my   hair   wasn   t   at   all   frizzy   with   this   new   hair   dryer .   i   m   in   love   with   this   product
i   love   this   dryer   and   wish   they   made   it   in   a   ...   i   love   this   dryer   and   wish   they   made   it   in   a   smaller   travel   size .   only   drawback   is   that   the   attachment   bends   easily   so   if   you   pack   it   make   sure   to   take   it   off   first .   it   heats   up   better   than   any   other   dryer   i   ve   used   and   my   salon   uses   these   exclusively .
the   only   reason   i   cannot   give   it   5   stars   is   ...   the   only   reason   i   cannot   give   it   5   stars   is   because   it   will   not   stick   to   my   vanity   which   is   made   out   of   wood .   it   won   t   hold   in   place   after   i   place   the   blow   dryer .   does   stick   very   well   to   my   vanity   in   the   bathroom   glass   marble   .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer .   doesn   t   cause   too   much   frizz .   love   the   retractable   cord .
five   stars   great   for   drying   hair !
ive   used   it   about   6   times   and   it   s   still   in   good   condition   also   keep   in   mind   that   i   am   ...   i   m   not   completely   impressed   with   the   cheap   plastic   although ,   ive   used   it   about   6   times   and   it   s   still   in   good   condition   also   keep   in   mind   that   i   am   hispanic   and   have   very   long ,   thick   and   curly   hair   .   i   purchased   this   because   my   daughter   has   one   and   after   using   it ,   i   fell   in   love .   but ,   hers   is   definitely   made   with   better   quality   materials ,   you   can   tell   by   just   holding   both   of   them   in   your   hands   the   difference   in   quality .   i   thought   i   was   getting   a   super   steal   based   on   the   price   i   paid   for   it   25   opposed   to   what   my   daughter   paid   she   purchased   hers   directly   from   andis   for   52   as   i   previously   mentioned ,   mines   is   still   in   good   condition   after   using   it   several   times ,   i   m   just   waiting   to   see   how   many   more   uses   i   get   out   of   it .   this   is   a   case   of   you   get   what   you   pay   for .
five   stars   very   fprceful   and   dries   my   hair   in   5   minutes   just   like   the   professionals   do   it .
only   high   setting   works   the   lower   setting   does   not   work
hands   down   the   best   blow   dryer   ever   i   bought   this   two   days   ago   as   my   old   dryer   conair   1875   watt   hasn   t   been   drying   as   well   lately .   i   was   impressed   immediately   with   this   dryer .   it   is   beautiful .   it   is   slightly   heavier   than   my   last   one ,   but   it   cut   drying   time   considerably   so   i   don   t   think   this   will   be   an   issue .   it   has   three   speeds .   it   has   three   temperature   settings .   the   highest   is   hotter   than   any   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   i   just   dried   my   hair   with   it   and   my   naturally   wavy   hair   is   so   straight   that   i   don   t   need   to   break   out   my   flat   iron .   yes ,   i   am   amazed   by   this   thing !   the   medium   heat   setting   is   equivalent   to   my   last   dryers   hottest   setting .   i   have   twin   daughters   that   are   young   and   i   think   the   only   setting   cool   enough   to   dry   their   hair   with   is   the   lowest   heat   setting .   this   dryer   is   so   powerful ,   yet   a   ton   quieter   than   my   previous   dryer .   my   husband   even   commented   on   how   quiet   it   is .   my   husband   also   liked   the   fact   that   it   is   heavier .   being   a   mechanic   he   said   it   probably   has   a   stronger ,   more   durable   motor .   i   was   reading   the   booklet   that   was   included ,   and   this   dryer   has   a   four   year   warranty .   that   s   pretty   astounding   considering   the   price   point .   i   love   this   dryer ,   and   i   d   buy   it   again   in   a   heart   beat .   i   m   thinking   about   buying   another   one   to   store ,   because   i   seriously   love   it   that   much !   go   buy   it !
it   does   not   contain   a   cool   shot   button   the   description   for   this   product   is   incorrect .   it   does   not   contain   a   cool   shot   button .
handy   little   dryer   w .   a   decent   diffuser   used   once   on   vacation   so   i   can   not   comment   on   the   longevity   of   this   product .   size   is   slightly   bigger   than   i   had   hoped ,   but   i   bought   it   because   it   was   the   best   looking   diffuser   to   come   w .   a   travel   dryer   that   i   could   find .   price   was   right   and   i   think   it   was   a   good   investment   for   a   travel   dryer   only   i   would   not   use   this   for   regular   at   home   use .
great   quality   the   wife   is   very   happy   with   this .   it   was   a   replacement   of   a   similar   conair   that   lasted   many   years .   this   one   has   held   up   for   a   few   months   now   and   looks   like   it   will   hold   up   like   the   old   one .   i   am   pretty   sure   she   will   buy   a   similar   conair   if   when   this   one   breaks .
five   stars   love   it !
one   star   burned   up   first   time   used
five   stars   this   is   an   excellent   product ,   i   love   it !
great   works   very   well .   i   have   the   same   blow   dryer   in   the   past   and   that   lasted   a   long   time   it   s   a   really   great   blow   dryer
worth   the   money   for   smooth   shiny   hair   i   have   straight   thick   hair   and   my   old   hair   dryers   would   leave   it   frizzy   until   i   slept   on   it .   however   when   i   tried   it   with   this   blowdryer ,   even   at   the   fast   dry   attachment ,   it   was   smooth   and   sleek .   br   br   now   that   i   have   a   digital   perm ,   i   can   use   the   diffuser .   i   put   half   of   my   hair   twisted ,   sectioned   into   thirds   and   put   it   on   the   diffuser !   it   works   wonderful   so   far .   i   m   so   happy   with   this   blow   dryer .   worth   the   price .   first   expensive   blow   dryer   i   have   owned .   now   i   can   have   nice   waves .
nice   hair   dryer   makes   my   hair   drying   time   much   shorter .
edit ,   no   where   near   the   v2   volare   by   babybliss   edit   br   turned   my   hair   into   straw   br   br   original   review   br   br   pros   good   blow ,   not   too   hot   br   cons   heavy   and   the   way   the   attachments   attach   is   bad   you   really   have   to   push   super   hard   br   br   best   under   100   hairdryer   i   have   ever   used .   i   had   a   20   of   coupon   at   that   big   bed   and   bath   store .   it   was   99.99   so   i   got   a   good   deal .   it   is   a   solid   hair   dryer   and   solid   made .   made   in   italy .   good   blow   and   not   too   hot   means   hair   dries   faster   with   less   damage .   with   good   technique   can   leave   hair   silky   soft .   not   as   defrizzing   as   my   volare   though .   and   it   feels   heavier   to   me .   so   my   volare   will   remain   my   baby .   it   is   better   than   the   elchim   2001 ,   the   300   t3 ,   200   chi   and   an   fhi   dryer   that   i   tried .   i   have   super   long   wavy   hair ,   live   in   the   bay   area ,   and   i   don   t   get   haircuts   often   enough ,   so   i   need   the   anti   frizz .   also   i   am   not   great   at   blowdrying   hair   so   i   need   the   idiot   proof   anti   frizzer .   br   br   it   is   not   as   good   as   my   volare   v2   by   babyliss   with   the   ferrari   ac   motor   paid   70   more   for   .   that   dryer   is   magic .   that   and   the   italiabrava   by   babyliss   are   the   best   hairdryers   on   the   market !
my   trip   is   in   three   weeks   so   i   am   yet   to   try   it   out   overseas   yet   but   it   arrived   quickly   and   does   seem   very   lightweight   and   easy   i   have   a   conair   hair   dryer   that   i   use   at   home .   i   bought   this   one   for   a   trip   to   the   uk   because   of   the   dual   voltage   feature   and   compact   size .   my   trip   is   in   three   weeks   so   i   am   yet   to   try   it   out   overseas   yet   but   it   arrived   quickly   and   does   seem   very   lightweight   and   easy   to   pack .
five   stars   favorite   model .   no   longer   available   in   stores .   bought   as   backup   for   3   year   old   one   currently   using .
five   stars   works   great   multiple   speed   and   temps .
this   dryer   blows ...   in   a   good ,   no ,   a   great   way !   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   some   models ,   but   i   m   only   using   it   for   a   max   of   15   minutes   a   day   so   that   doesn   t   bother   me .   and   i   only   mention   it   here   because   many   of   the   reviewers   i   read   listed   that   as   a   con .   as   for   how   quiet   it   is ,   i   would   say   it   s   as   quiet   as   the   other   34   quiet   34   dryers   i   ve   owned   made   by   other   companies .   it   s   not   a   whisper ,   but   it   s   not   a   scream .   my   hair   looks   better   than   it   has   in   a   long   time ...   it   s   certainly   shinier   and   looks   thicker   when   i   use   this   dryer .   the   dryer   is   also   a   very   sexy   looking   piece ,   so   if   you   re   going   buy   based   on   looks ,   go   for   this   machine !   the   only   negative   i   have   is   the   cold   shot   button .   i   foresee   this   button   breaking   easily   and   in   the   near   future .   i   try   to   avoid   using   the   shot   button   in   favor   of   the   cold   setting   switch   to   prolong   the   inevitable ,   though .   i   truly   do   love   this   dryer .   i   was   not   compensated   for   my   review .   i   bought   the   dryer   after   researching .   i   m   very   happy   with   my   purchase !
best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned !   powerful ,   and   quiet .   it   doesn   t   have   that   high   pitched   whine .   it   doesn   t   get   super   hot   and   doesn   t   have   to   because   it   s   powerful   enough .   other   dryers   would   make   my   hair   hot   to   the   touch   or   burn   my   hand .   my   hair   seems   to   be   healthier   and   smoother   after   using   this   for   a   couple   months   too !
five   stars   the   best
five   stars   i   love   the   product
five   stars   bought   this   as   a   gift   for   my   mother   and   she   loves   it !
five   stars   the   best   travel   dryer   i   have   found .   so   much   power   in   this   little   thing .
four   stars   thought   it   would   be   more   compact ,   for   traveling .   just   a   little   big   but   okay
four   stars   dried   my   hair   with   no   problem ,   but   the   cords   are   on   the   short   side .
four   stars   very   good   easy   installation . would   recommend   to   anyone   to   try   it , saw   this   in   hotel   and   loved   it
five   stars   great   power   and   gets   the   job   done   fast .
great   hair   dryer   love   this   item .   the   heat   is   perfect   for   my   hair   and   did   i   mention   tht   delivery   was   great .   came   right   on   time ! ! !
five   stars   my   wife   and   kids   love   it   and   for   that ,   i   m   a   happy   customer .
five   stars   perfect
four   stars   seems   to   work .   don   t   use   it   much .
two   stars   very   heavy ,   didn   t   get   hot   enough   to   dry   my   hair .   returned   it .
great   dryer !   great   dryer !   dries   fast ...   the   hottest   setting   is   really   hot   so   be   careful   not   to   burn   yourself !
great   travel   iron   this   little   hair   dryer   is   great !   i   had   one   just   like   it   in   the   past .   it   lasted   20   years .   it   fits   perfectly   in   my   suit   case ,   has   just   the   right   amount   of   power   and   heat .   it   is   much   better   than   others   i   have   used   they   did   not   last   long   .   it   is   well   constructed   too .   a   good   purchase .   i   had   looked   every   where   for   a   replacement   and   had   to   settle   for   inferior   products .   i   am   really   happy   amazon   had   it .   i   highly   recommend .
two   stars   i   have   had   better   conair   products   in   the   past .
for   all   those   with   fine   thin   hair   love   love   this   hair   dryer .   my   first   time   to   own   a   turbo   power   but   should   have   been   buying   for   years .   live   and   learn !   br   i   have   very   fine ,   thin ,   hair   and   all   my   other   dryers   have   been   to   harsh   on   my   fragile   locks   with   1875   watts .   after   researching   the   best   for   my   hair   issues   the   lower   wattage ,   1500 ,   is   perfect   and   dries   my   hair   beautifully ,   smooth   and   shinny .   this   dryer   is   also   very   substantial   in   motor   which   is   important   to   me   so   it   will   last .
very   lightweight   so   i   don   t   end   up   with   cramped   arms   ...   very   lightweight   so   i   don   t   end   up   with   cramped   arms   after   using   these .   the   buttons   are   also   placed   away   from   my   fingers   so   i   don   t   accidentally   turn   them   off .
bargain   hairdryer !   bargain   price   for   a   great   hairdryer   several   heat   and   speed   settings ,   dries   your   hair   quickly !   haven   t   used   the   diffuser   yet   but   it   is   looks   good .
...   dryer   for   a   month   but   so   far   it   s   the   best   one   i   ve   ever   had   only   had   my   dryer   for   a   month   but   so   far   it   s   the   best   one   i   ve   ever   had .   ionic   feature   makes   hair   smooth .   seems   to   be   built   sturdy .   folding   handle   retractable   cord   work   well .   it   it   holds   up   it   s   a   super   buy   at   the   price   .
works   well   and   the   power   is   good .   not   as   heavy   as   i   expected .   works   well   and   the   power   is   good .
great   product   awesome   product .   tucked   out   of   the   way   in   the   female   s   bathroom   of   my   home .   i   also   purchased   one   for   the   male   s   bathroom   in   the   house   and   will   put   in   the   master   bathroom   once   i   am   complete   with   the   remodel   so   if   i   ever   get   married   again   she   will   have   one   to   use .   great   night   light   also .   never   have   to   turn   on   the   bathroom   light   in   the   middle   of   the   night ..
it   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   it   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have !   i   used   have   a   old   one   which   i   used   for   many   years !   best   quality !
like   the   attachments   fairly   quiet   as   hair   dryers   go .   like   the   attachments .   love   the   brown   and   pink   color .
excellent   product .   this   is   one   of   the   best   hair   ...   excellent   product .   this   is   one   of   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   own .   highly   recommended  
amazing   hairdryer   for   the   price   decided   to   buy   this   hairdryer   based   on   all   the   positive   reviews .   i   am   very   pleased   with   my   purchase .   the   reviews   are   accurate   and   the   price   is   great   too .
very   happy !   overall   i   am   very   happy   with   this   product .   my   old   blowdryer   was   awkward   to   work   with   and   weak ,   and   i   would   only   blow   dry   my   hair   for   special   occasions .   now   i   blow   dry   my   hair   every   time   it   s   washed .   my   blow   dry   time   has   been   cut   in   half   with   this   blow   dryer .   it   s   much   more   powerful   than   similarly   priced   blow   dryers .   it   has   a   long ,   sturdy   power   cord ,   which   makes   the   dryer   easier   to   maneuver   around   to   dry   and   style   your   hair .   it   comes   with   a   nozzle   but   not   a   diffuser ,   so   if   you   use   a   diffuser   you   ll   need   to   purchase   one   separately .
buy   this   dryer !   fantastic   hair   dryer !   was   searching   for   a   new   hair   dryer   as   my   hot   tools   dryer   was   giving   off   a   burning   smell   and   really   drying   out   my   hair .   i   decided   on   xtava   because   of   the   good   reviews   and   so   glad   i   purchased   it .   the   nozzle   for   the   dryer   stays   firmly   in   place   which   is   fantastic   since   when   i   tried   to   use   one   on   my   previous   dryers ,   it   would   always   fall   off .   my   hair   comes   out   super   smooth .   it   is   very   powerful   and   not   super   noisy .   another   great   feature   is   the   removable   back   to   clean   out   lint !   i   was   also   really   impressed   with   the   welcome   letter   from   the   company   i   received   via   email   after   i   received   the   dryers   with   tips   on   blow   drying   my   hair .   would   definitely   recommend   this   dryer   to   anyone   i   know .
four   stars   love   it !
nice   hair   dryer   i   don   t   know   much   about   ionic   dryers   because   i   previously   had   the   same   hair   dryer   for   over   15   years .   i   like   this   one   so   far .   it   is   sturdy ,   but   i   don   t   consider   it   heavy .   it   has   enough   heat   settings   in   my   opinion   and   also   includes   a   cool   setting ,   similar   to   a   hooded   dryer ,   which   i   like ,   my   last   dryer   did   not   have   this .
you   get   what   you   pay   for   !   this   is   my   2nd   purchase   of   this   product   i   wore   the   first   one   out   after   11   years   !   it   still   worked   but   the   black   cover   blocking   the   heat   would   no   longer   stay   on .   i   love   this   hair   dryer   it   leaves   my   hair   so   soft   no   frizz   !   well   worth   the   money   .. one   of   those   cases   you   get   what   you   pay   for !
do   not   buy   this   unless   you   re   drying   doll   s   heads !   bonnet   is   so   rediculously   small   it   could   not   be   placed   on   head   of   adult ,   let   alone   dry   hair   on   rollers . i   can   t   imagine   what   the   34   professional   34   is ,   certainly   not   a   hair   salon   with   this   34   quality !   34   disappointing .   time   consuming .   received   when   i   got   home   5   7 .   diirected   by   amazon   to   be   returned   by   5   7 !   silly   waste .
hair   dryer   very   pleased   with   the   dryer .   it   s   a   little   heavier   than   my   last   one ,   but   does   a   great   job .   i   would   recommend .
excellent !   you   won   t   be   disappointed !   i   would   highly   recommend   this   blow   dryer .   even   my   mother   in   law   said   it   is   awesome .   it   is   powerful   and   dries   my   hair   fast .   i   plan   to   look   at   other   products   made   by   them   as   well .
five   stars   sweet ,   works   as   expected !
i   love   this   bonnet   dryer ! !   i   love   it ,   it   fits   my   little   peanut   head   just   fine   and   really   snug .   i   used   it   to   deep   condition   my   hair   with   a   plastic   cap   and   silk   bonnet   on   top   then   the   hair   dryer   bonnet .   i   used   the   silk   bonnet   to   protect   my   ears   and   neck   from   getting   to   hot .   this   is   the   first   time   i   have   ordered   this   and   i   m   very   happy .
love   it   highly   satisfied   with   the   hair   dryer   and   the   company .   my   hair   is   long   and   thick .   it   is   every   texture   in   the   book .   some   curly   hair ,   some   straight ,   some   frizzy ,   some   fine ,   a   lot   gray ,   all   highlighted   colored .   it   normally   takes   me   20   30   minutes   to   get   it   completely   dry .   then   i   need   to   use   the   flat   iron   to   calm   it   all   down .   with   this   hair   dryer   i   had   it   completely   dry   in   10   minutes .   when   i   use   it   with   the   goody   quikstyle   brush   my   hair   is   smooth   enough   that   i   only   have   to   touch   up   a   couple   places   with   the   flat   iron .   i   live   in   the   deep   south .   heat   and   humidity   are   a   way   of   life .   i   can   t   tell   you   how   happy   i   am   with   a   hair   dryer   that   cuts   10   20   minutes   off   the   time   i   have   to   spend   blowing   more   hot   air   my   way .   br   also ,   i   have   received   two   very   service   minded   emails   from   the   company .   it   is   because   of   these   that   i   was   prompted   to   write   a   review .   a   quality   product   and   a   customer   service   driven   company   deserve   a   shout   out .
great   wall   mount   hair   dryer   we   liked   this   so   much   we   bought   them   for   the   rest   of   the   bathrooms !   convenient   and   easy   to   install .   it   even   has   a   tiny   night   light   built   into   it .
five   stars   great   ceramic   blow   dryer ,   arrived   promptly ,   entirely   satisfied !
good   powerful   dryer   love   this   dryer ,   ordered   with   amazon   prime   under   12   ,   2   day   arrival   and   use   just   for   my   wonder   wash   and   vapper   dry   system ,   wash   in   wonder   wash ,   wring ,   hang   on   dryers   until   near   dry   and   hang   inside   vapper   last   few   minutes   for   warm   towels ,   shirts ,   light   robes ,   socks   etc   good   laundry   system   under   90 ,   no   more   laundry   mats ! .
works   great !   the   wall   mount   dryer   was   just   what   i   needed   for   my   new   small   bathroom   as   i   do   not   have   any   counter   space .   works   great !
love   it !   update   3rd   time   using   it   on   travel .   love   this   little   dryer ....   fits   great   in   my   hand ,   easy   control ....   3   4   finished   with   a   blow   dry ,   hair   soft   waves   and   then .........   oh   no ! ! ! !   it   died .   not   circuit   tripped .   i   pushed   the   reset ,   i   plugged   into   other   outlets ....   i   was   in   denial .   i   just   shook   it   and   then ,   headed   out   to   walmart   with   my   3   4   blown   out   hair ,   with   the   one   section   not   done   in   a   french   braid .   lol ....   alas ,   back   to   a   big   dryer .   i   really   liked   this   but   only   got   to   use   it   3   times .   br   br   purchased   for   travel   because   of   it   s   small   size .   also   purchased   to   use   with   soft   hood   dryer   attachment .   wow   this   little   dryer   is   quite   powerful .   the   switch   was   a   little   stiff   to   turn   on   at   first   and   if   feels   a   little   cheap   but   torumaliine   ceramic ,   little   power   house .   love   it .
great   if   you   can   t   use   your   arm   broke   my   arm   and   went   on   vacation   so   this   little   gadget   hellped   a   lot .   it   will   not   hold   a   heavy   dryer ,   but   worked   fine   with   a   travel   dryer . suction   will   not   work   on   a   porous   surface   but   did   fine   on   a   mirror   or   glass   shower   door .
best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   used   best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   used .   large   impellers   really   put   out   some   air   which   speeds   drying .   can   be   very   powerful   or   not   depending   on   the   setting   you   choose .
four   stars   excellent   i   love   it
five   stars   perfect   hairdryer .
wonderful !   just   what   i   was   looking   for   wonderful !   just   what   i   was   looking   for .   i   have   medium   length ,   thick ,   wavy   hair .   it   smooths   as   it   dries .   is   light   weight   and   quiet .   and   i   love   how   hot   it   gets   lets   me   know   its   really   working !
five   stars   excellent
highly   recommend   if   you   care   about   your   hair   my   hair   normally   takes   forever   to   dry ,   but   not   with   this   dryer .   it   drys   so   quickly   and   will   not   dry   out   your   hair .   worth   every   penny
i   like   it   but   the   only   problem   is   everytime   i   dry   ...   i   like   it   but   the   only   problem   is   everytime   i   dry   my   hair ,   the   front   cover   always   falling   out  
fair   it   works   ok   but   it   s   not   the   easiest   drier   to   use .   it   has   an   odor   to   it   and   i   wish   it   was   just   a   little   smaller   in   size
five   stars   very   good
four   stars   this   is   a   very   nice   dryer .
five   stars   suits   my   needs   very   well .   quiet   and   compact .
the   dryer   seems   to   be   of   good   quality   and   would   be   easy   to   use   if   the   ...   the   dryer   seems   to   be   of   good   quality   and   would   be   easy   to   use   if   the   nozzle   were   shorter .   i   like   the   hairdryer   itself   very   much   but   the   nozzle   is   so   long   that   i   can   t   style   the   back   of   my   hair   easily .   i   have   shorter   arms   but   i   have   never   had   this   problem   with   other   hair   dryers .   do   you   have   a   shorter   nozzle   to   fit   this   dryer   i   bought   this   dryer   because   my   old   one   was   wearing   out   and   a   piece   of   the   nozzle   came   off   making   it   difficult   to   use .
no   difference   i   tend   to   have   frizzy   hair .   i   honestly   haven   t   noticed   a   difference   between   this   hair   dryer   or   any   old   regular   hair   dryer   making   my   hair   less   frizzy .   i   ordered   this   one   because   my   old   one   broke .   i   m   not   noticing   any   difference .
doesn   t   last   long   this   dryer   works   well   for   a   time ,   but   breaks   easily .   i   ve   replaced   it   3   times !   three !   i   bought   it   because   it   was   the   cheapest   option ,   but   after   purchasing   it   3   times ,   i   should   ve   just   gone   with   a   higher   end   model .
one   star   stopped   working   after   3   months .
not   recommended .   it   doesn   t   get   hot   and   the   comb   was   ...   not   recommended .   it   doesn   t   get   hot   and   the   comb   was   flimsy .   very   disappointed
just   what   i   was   looking   for   perfect   size   for   traveling   abroad   and   the   price   was   right !   i   wish   it   was   a   tad   more   powerful   but   i   can   live   with   it   34   as   is   34   .
five   stars   this   is   a   very   good   dryer , i   give   it   5   stars .   br   thanks
small   light .   easy   packing   very   small   and   very   light .   perfect   for   travel   and   my   silicon   diffuser   fits   right   over   the   nozzles .   i   recommend   this   product .
five   stars   fit   right   where   we   needed   it   in   our   motorhome
fantastic   purchase   heavy   duty   awesome   dryer .   the   cord   alone   lends   itself   to   the   words   34   heavy   duty   34   .   powerful ,   light   weight ,   multi   heating   options .   the   best   dryer   i   ve   ever   purchased   in   my   50   years ,   that   is   when   hand   held   dryers   began .   i   have   long   hair   and   it   s   cut   my   time   in   half .   i   can   t   say   more   other   than   i   hope   it   last   me   a   long   time .
one   star   thought   it   would   be   more   powerful ,   is   it   really   2000   watts  
five   stars   extremely   fast   delivery   and   the   product   works   great .   very   happy !
five   stars   it   s   great   i   enjoy   working   it .   thanks   much  
five   stars   as   expected !   good
it   caught   fire .   i   would   give   it   zero   stars   if   i   could   but   unfortunately   that   is   not   an   option .   i   bought   this   product   because   it   was   dual   voltage ,   and   it   not   only   burnt   in   the   first   time   i   used   it ,   it   also   caught   fire .   i   strongly   do   not   recommend   anyone   to   buy   this   product .
...   this   on   the   recommendation   of   my   stylist   and   i   hate   it .   the   hot   setting   is   too   hot   and   ...   i   bought   this   on   the   recommendation   of   my   stylist   and   i   hate   it .   the   hot   setting   is   too   hot   and   burns   my   scalp ,   the   34   power   34   is   too   strong   and   makes   my   hair   completely   flat   and   yet ,   doesn   t   seem   to   dry   it   unless   it   s   on   these   higher   settings .   also ,   it   is   a   very   heavy   hair   dryer .   i   am   very   disappointed   in   this   product .   wish   i   had   kept   the   box   to   return .   this   is   not   worth   the   splurge .
dries   my   hair   incredibly   quickly .   what   used   to   take   ...   dries   my   hair   incredibly   quickly .   what   used   to   take   20   minutes   now   takes   5 ,   it   makes   getting   ready   in   the   morning   much   more   pleasant .
really   good   especially   for   the   price !   i   like   how   it   has   a   low ,   medium ,   and   high   setting .   havent   bought   a   new   dryer   in   a   while   i   just   wish   the   concentrator   was   a   bit   thinner   since   that   would   cause   less   frizz .
awesome !   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   i   go   through   blow   dryers   like   crazy .   this   blow   dryer   dries   my   hair   quickly .   it   s   not   too   heavy   and   is   easy   to   hold .   love   it !
allure   2200w   professional   ionic   ceramic   dryer   i   recently   became   aware   of   xtava   products   while   looking   for   a   new   hairdryer .   i   wanted   the   ceramic   ionic   technology   as   i   have   baby   fine   hair   which   tends   to   break   and   attract   static   way   too   easily .   this   hair   dryer   has   been   amazing .   it   s   super   quiet   and   has   multiple   heat   levels   which   is   great .   i   can   usually   dry   my   hair   in   about   4   to   5   minutes .   i   use   the   dryer   with   a   flat   brush ,   and   have   noticed   my   hair   is   smooth ,   shiny ,   and   frizz   free .   br   br   i   also   have   to   say   that   xtava   has   excellent   customer   service .   when   i   originally   purchased   the   dryer ,   amazon   fulfilled   the   order   and   shipped   the   wrong   one .   xtava   was   super   helpful   in   getting   the   issue   resolved   with   amazon .   i   now   own   two   xtava   dryers   and   love   them   both .   i   m   really   happy   with   my   purchases ,   and   the   quality   of   the   xtava   products .   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer .
conair   dryer   5   stars !   i   have   had   three   of   these   over   the   years .   ionizing   dryer   keeps   the   frizz   out   of   your   hair .   cool   setting   is   nice   in   addition   to   the   two   settings   for   hot ,   blasting   and   normal .   great   hair   dryer !
the   hair   dryer   has   performed   very ,   very   well .   ...   the   hair   dryer   has   performed   very ,   very   well .   i   hadn   t   realized   how   much   time   the   old   dryer   was   taking   to   dry   and   style   my   hair .   br   claire   greenberg
highly   recommend   great   power   blow   dryer   for   wonderful   price .
one   star   simply   doesn   t   work !
five   stars   love   it   dry   so   fast   ,   not   very   good   with   freez   but   for   the   price   is   good .
design   flaw .   save   your   cash   the   heat   guard   attachment   constantly   pops   off   there   s   nothing   you   can   do   about   it .   don   t   waste   your   money
one   star   it   s   really   bad ! !   it   stopped   working   from   the   1st   use  
five   stars   great
five   stars   love   the   small   size   and   the   way   that   it   dries   my   hair .   great   little   hair   dryer .
very   happy   with   it   overall   this   is   the   4th   time   i   ve   bought   this   dryer   over   the   course   of   a   several   years .   it   does   fail   at   some   point ,   but   at   the   constant   daily   use   it   gets .   still   very   worth   the   price ,   it   s   quite   powerful   and   puts   out   more   heat   and   airflow   than   others   i   ve   used .   very   happy   with   it   overall !
one   star   over   priced   junk
great   hairdryer   excellent   noise   levels   very   low .   heat   control   very   good   as   well .   great   hairdryer   so   far ,   particularly   vs .   previous   conair   models .
five   stars   the   retractable   cord   is   wonderful   for   storage .   power   is   great .
bleck   buy   something   of   better   quality   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   a   couple   of   months   ago   after   my   old   conair   died .   i   like   to   use   my   dryers   on   low   speed ,   but   high   heat .   although   the   two   settings   should   be   independent ,   this   dryer   is   just   lukewarm   on   low   speed .   it   also   made   my   hair   fuzzy ,   and   while   it   was   lightweight   it   felt   cheap .   br   br   i   quit   using   it   two   months   after   i   started   using   it   and   invested   in   a   better   dryer .   i   purchased   the   elchim   2001   through   amazon ,   and   while   it   s   a   bit   more   expensive   80   ,   it   s   worth   every   penny .   i   would   not   recommend   the   conair   1875 ,   unless   you   want   your   hair   to   look   like   a   fuzzy   mess .
great   performance   but   they   need   work   on   the   product   painting   great   performance   but   they   need   work   on   the   product   painting ,   the   paint   started   pilling   after   a   few   day   s   using   the   dryer   but   in   general   it   s   a   great   product   for   the   price
five   stars   great   product   for   price
the   dryer   work   fine   for   about   10   months   but   it   did   end   up   ...   the   dryer   work   fine   for   about   10   months   but   it   did   end   up   catching   fire   while   i   was   using   it .   i   think   for   the   price   it   should   last   longer   than   10   months .
this   is   a   great   little   dryer   this   is   a   great   little   dryer .   i   bought   it   after   using   one   in   a   hotel   and   wanting   one   for   myself .   it   is   very   basic   but   does   the   job   without   destroying   my   eardrums .   a   minor   complaint   is   that   the   cord   is   bit   on   the   short   side ,   but   i   cope   with   it .
five   stars   great   little   dryer
do   not   buy   the   motor   died   after   a   year   of   very   light   use .   2   3x   month   .   it   was   a   very   poor   value   for   the   80   i   paid   in   sept   2013 .   br   br   i   wasn   t   very   impressed   even   while   it   was   functioning .   34   blowout   34   styling   results   were   not   as   good   as   i   get   with   my   drugstore   cheapie   hairs   would   get   chomped   and   tangled   in   the   dryer   poor   button   placement   so   the   controls   were   frequently   switched   on   off ,   high   low   by   the   palm   of   my   hand   while   i   was   trying   to   dry   my   hair .   maybe   i   gripped   it   funny ,   but   it   did   annoy   me   every   time   i   used   it  
makes   my   hair   smooth   makes   my   hair   smooth
this   hair   dryer   is   great !   wow , this   dryer   came   in   and   i   was   so   happy   with   the   design   and   color   of   it . it   also   came   in   the   nick   of   time   as   my   much   cheaper   hair   dryer   had   just   went   out . believe   me   when   i   say   this   hair   dryer   is   top   of   the   line !   straight   out   of   the   box   i   noticed   that   it   was   light   weight   and   had   a   sleek   design . upon   use   of   this   product   i   seen   that   it   had   several   different   settings   as   to   get   the   desired   drying   time   you   d   like . it   includes   a   diffuser   to   keep   your   hair   from   getting   too   overheated   and   dried   out   plus   it   has   a   reset   and   test   button   on   the   plug   in . when   i   used   this   hair   dryer   i   noticed   that   at   the   highest   heat   that   the   air   is   not   super   strong   like   some   other   hair   dryers   out   there , but   it   definitely   dries   your   hair   in   record   time !   this   hair   dryer   is   easy   to   hold   on   to   whilst   drying   your   hair   and   has   a   good   vent   on   the   back   as   to   not   clog   up   easily . i   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone   looking   for   a   new   replacement   because   it   work   really   well   and   is   high   quality   for   your   money .   br   i   got   this   product   for   purpose   of   review , all   claims   and   views   are   100   percent   my   own .
was   advertised   as   red   and   came   as   salmon   pink .   ...   was   advertised   as   red   and   came   as   salmon   pink .   lasted   roughly   2   years   before   the   heating   element   went   out .   also ,   fairly   weak   fan .
nice .   used   to   a   little   more   power   but   from   a   small   hotel   like   dryer ,   it   works   well .
it   much   quieter   than   my   old   one   and   dries   my   hair   super   fast   without   feeling   dried   out   i   am   so   excited   by   this   dryer .   it   much   quieter   than   my   old   one   and   dries   my   hair   super   fast   without   feeling   dried   out .
horrible   horrible ,   lasted   6   weeks   than   started   sparking   flames !   br   would   not   recommend
five   stars   not   disappointed .   works   well   and   super   small ,   perfect   for   travel .
doesn   t   dry   as   quickly   as   i   d   hoped ,   but   decent   dryer ,   especially   for   the   price .   not   too   loud   compared   with   what   i   m   used   to .   ok   hair   dryer .   i   like   the   non   skid   rubber   thingies   on   the   sides   of   the   dryer   so   it   doesn   t   slip   off   bathroom   shelf .   the   overall   drying   could   be   improved .   my   vidal   sassoon   travel   dryer   of   the   same   wattage   dried   my   hair   much   faster .   i   m   going   to   buy   another   one   of   those   again   and   just   keep   this   one   as   a   backup   dryer   in   our   guest   bath .
i   absolutely   recommend   at   this   price   powerful   as   any   other   hairdryer   out   there .   compact   and   ligthweight   enough   for   my   overseas   travel .   and   so   convenient   to   not   have   to   carry   a   converter .   i   absolutely   recommend   at   this   price .
great   cord   had   one   of   these   in   dark   blue   for   years ,   it   finally   gave   out .   this   one   is   alright ,   but   feels   lighted   and   cheaper   made   then   my   old   one .   love   the   retractable   cord .
heavy ! ! !   dryer   is   extremely   heavy !   not   as   hot   or   strong   as   other   comparably   priced   dryers .   buttons   are   easy   to   accidentally   press   while   drying .   returned   it   after   trying   it   once .
great   blowdryer   best   blowdryer   for   natural   girls .   i   never   use   anything   else
it   s   ok   a   little   heavy   for   a   travel   dryer
five   stars   very   fast   drying   experience !
much   more   control   over   speed   and   temp   i   absolutely   love   that   it   offers   the   two   heat   settings   and   separate   speeds .   my   old   dryer   only   had   one   control   and   if   you   wanted   high   speed   it   meant   you   had   to   have   hair   frying   temperatures   along   with   it .   with   the   wind   flower   dryer   i   m   able   to   have   a   cooler   temperature   and   impressively   fast   blowing   capabilities .   br   br   i   have   thick   hard   to   dry   hair   and   i   can   honestly   say   that   i   dried   my   hair   faster   than   i   ever   have   with   other   dryers .   br   br   it   s   light   weight   so   my   arm   didn   t   get   tired   using   it   which   is   also   great .   br   br   i   received   this   with   a   promotional   discount   however   my   reviews   are   honest   and   unbiased .
great   product !   pleased   with   packaging   and   shipping .   pleased   with   product .   its   better   than   our   other   brands   and   love   how   fast   it   dries   my   hair   and   leaves   it   less   frizzy .
great   all   round   purchase   this   hair   dryer   performs   as   expected .   i   have   dry   damaged   hair   due   to   chemo   2   years   ago .   i   have   never   owned   a   hair   dryer   and   thought   that   maybe   blow   drying   my   hair   with   a   diffuser   to   increase   wave   curl   would   make   it   look   better   but   it   didn   t .   however   this   is   not   due   to   the   hair   dryer .   the   hair   dryer   is   light ,   was   very   easy   to   operate   and   try   different   hair   styles   with   especially   since   it   includes   both   a   diffuser   and   a   concentrator .   i   tried   at   least   10   different   hair   styles   with   this   thing   and   found   it   super   easy   to   adjust   and   operate .   feature   i   love   the   most   adjustable   heat   setting .   i   use   the   warm   instead   of   hot   and   i   can   put   the   fan   on   low   or   high   depending   on   how   fast   i   want   it .   great   dryer   for   the   price   but   also   for   all   of   the   features .
good   dryer   i   ve   used   this   dryer   for   over   a   year   now   and   i   think   it   works   really   well .   i   don   t   find   any   difference   between   this   dryer   and   normal   dryer   but   it   blow   dries   my   hair   really   quickly   and   has   options   for   cold   and   hot   air .
noisy .   noisy .   i   don   t   see   anything   professional   about   this   dryer .
love   it   this   is   one   powerful   hair   dryer .   the   heat   can   be   controlled   along   with   the   height   and   hood   position .
five   stars   great
this   isthe   best   dryer   i   have   ever   used   this   isthe   best   dryer   i   have   ever   used
hard   to   believe   but   works   as   promised   i   was   skeptical   to   think   that   an   expensive   hair   dryer   could   be   better   than   my   basic ,   cheapie   conair   i   had   been   using ,   but   it   totally   works !   it   s   alot   heavier   than   i   thought   it   would   be   but   you   don   t   have   to   hold   it   as   long   because   my   hair   actually   dried   faster .   i   got   lured   in   by   the   coupon   but   it   was   still   alot   to   spend .   my   hair   was   healthier ,   indeed   shinier   and   less   frizzy   after   blow   drying .   i   wasn   t   exactly   sure   how   to   use   all   the   nozzle   attachments   and   when   to   use   which   for   what ,   but   i   m   still   experimenting .
five   stars   love   this   dryer   the   best   that   i   have   found   so   far .
excellent   replacement   for   my   28   year   old   favorite   pro   lightweight ,   good   power ,   less   frizzies   br   con   have   to   unplug   nightlight   in   bathroom   to   accommodate   the   large   gfc   plug   of   dryer
great   hairdryer   ! !   works   great ! !   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   stores   beautifully   with   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   handle   ! !   so   glad   i   got   it  
good ,   but   not   what   i   expected .   it   is   heavier   than   expected   and   doesn   t   feel   balanced   in   my   hand .   the   opening   and   attachments   are   smaller   than   our   previous   remington ,   which   is   what   i   was   trying   to   replace .   it   is   okay ,   but   i   don   t   think   i   would   buy   the   same   model   again .
four   stars   good
...   iffy   after   i   ordered   this   product   with   all   the   horrible   things   that   were   said   about   it   i   was   iffy   after   i   ordered   this   product   with   all   the   horrible   things   that   were   said   about   it ,   but   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer .   i   only   use   the   cold   settings   to   dry   my   hair   in   general .   i   am   already   using   it   for   a   few   months   and   i   love   it .   don   t   depend   on   what   people   have   to   say   unless   you   try   it .   unless   of   course   it   is   all   bad .
great   hair   dryer   at   a   great   price .   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   at   a   great   price .   my   wife   already   had   this   one   and   has   been   using   it   for   several   years ..   so   when   my   other   brand   hair   dryer   died ,   i   bought   this   one   and   so   far   so   good .   i   have   been   using   it   for   about   3   months   now .
five   stars   works   great
here   are   the   reasons   why   you   shouldn   t   buy   this   hair   dryer .   the   picture   of   the   product   is   deceptive .   i   bought   it   on   amazon   and   what   i   received   was   a   very   cheap   looking   product .   the   instructions   on   how   to   hang   it   on   the   wall   is   also   very   confusing .   i   am   concerned   about   the   safety   of   this   product   so   i   have   stopped   using   it .   now   i   am   left   with   a   cheap   dryer   that   i   am   never   going   to   use .   i   wish   i   can   return   it   back   without   paying   a   ton   on   shipping .
great   little   travel   hair   dryer ... and   it   s   pink !   very   powerful   for   a   small   hair   dryer .   bought   this   solely   to   use   when   i   travel ,   because   not   all   places   provide   a   hair   dryer .   but   the   places   that   do   provide   a   hair   dryer ,   the   quality   is   poor .   so ... bought   one   for   myself   and   love   it !   especially   the   pink   color   and   small   little   zebra   print   carrying   case .
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   it   seems   to   be   designed   well   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   it   seems   to   be   designed   well .   it   s   definitely   pretty   doesn   t   take   up   too   much   space .   it   has   all   the   features   that   i   need ,   like   multiple   heat   settings ,   multiple   air   flow   settings   and   even   a   cool   blast   to   set   the   style .   it   fits   standard   hair   dryer   attachments   too   like   a   diffuser .   it   also   comes   with   the   attachment   that   focuses   the   air   blast   i   think   it   s   called   the   nozzle ,   but   it   s   key   to   minimizing   damage   on   your   hair .   br   br   my   last   hair   dryer   from   a   different   brand   was   closer   to   65   and   although   it   worked   great ,   it   started   to   breakdown   within   a   couple   of   months .   it   finally   cracked   it   half   in   my   checked   bag   during   a   recent   flight .   the   price   was   right   for   this   dryer   and   i   love   the   customer   centric   focus   of   the   company ,   xtava .   br   br   i   also   love   the   follow   up   communication   i   received   after   buying   this   tips   for   how   to   use   it   well ,   contact   info   if   i   have   any   problems .   so ,   i   m   happy   with   the   dryer ,   but   communication   from   xtava   has   been   really   great   the   next   time   i   m   in   the   market   to   buy   something   like   this ,   i   ll   check   xtava   first .
i   love   my   andis   ceramic   blow   dryer   i   love   my   andis   ceramic   blow   dryer .   not   only   does   it   get   our   hair   dry   quickly   but   it   also   straightens   at   the   sam   s   time .   can   t   get   no   better   for   me   and   my   family .   quick   and   easy !
five   stars   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ever   used ! !
no   complaints !   very   light   weight ,   easy   to   use   with   one   hand   as   you   round   brush   with   the   other ...   and   overall   was   above   my   expectations !
five   stars   love   this   hairdryer !   so   fast   and   light .   cut   styling   time   in   half
this   is   the   best   blow   dryer   i   ever   purchased   this   is   the   best   blow   dryer   i   ever   purchased .   i   have   very   thick   long   hair .   with   this   dryer   it   dried   in   no   time
five   stars   wonderful   hair   dryer   and   at   a   good   price
five   stars   great   hair   dryer
five   stars   works   great .
junk   not   a   quality   product   i   bought   this .   broke .   decided   to   give   a   second   chance   because   i   loved   how   compact   it   is   and   it   is   off   counter .   i   have   had   a   new   one   for   4   mos   now   and   my   2nd   one   broke .   says   i   cannot   return   so   now   i   am   out   2   dryers   and   spent   over   70   will   never   buy   another   one .   terrible   product
this   hair   buyer   is   wonderful .   my   hair   is   seriously   prone   to   being   frizzy   for   the   price ,   this   hair   buyer   is   wonderful .   my   hair   is   seriously   prone   to   being   frizzy ,   and   with   1   being   tourmaline   ceramic ,   2   having   a   warm   setting   as   well   as   a   cool   and   hot ,   and   3   having   a   concentrator ,   my   hair   has   started   acting   much   better .   it   s   also   fairly   quiet .   the   lack   of   five   stars   is   because   it   isn   t   particularly   easy   to   store   it   barely   fits   in   the   normal   size   drawer ,   and   including   the   diffuser ,   concentrator ,   and   a   hairbrush ,   it   can   be   challenging   to   fit   it   in   the   drawer .   definitely   a   wonderful   buy ,   though .
four   stars   ty
five   stars   excellent
scuff   marks   on   concentrator   i   used   amazon   prime   and   got   this   pretty   fast .   i   haven   t   used   it   as   yet   but   i   did   test   the   item   and   it   works   seemingly   well ...   the   barrel   of   the   blowdryer   works   pretty   well   and   the   force   of   the   air   blown   was   great .   however   while   inspecting   this   item   it   has   scuff   marks   on   the   34   concentrator   34   as   if   it   had   been   used   before   or   before   being   shipped .   not   sure   if   it   will   lessen   in   terms   of   the   force   of   the   air   over   a   period   of   time   but   we   ll   see .   also   at   the   back   of   the   dryer   there   was   a   removable   backing   that   allows   for   cleaning   if   the   air   vent   gets   clog ,   which   i   didn   t   expect   and   it   was   a   pleasant   supprise .   the   34   concentrator   34   also   takes   quite   a   bit   of   strength   to   put   on .   twisting   it   on   doesn   t   make   much   sense   so   i   d   recommend   lining   it   up   and   the   pushing   it   down   on   the   barrel   ... my   intial   review   however   is   4stars .   i   will   be   doing   an   update   within   the   next   month ..
five   stars   i   m   profesional   hairstylist   and   i   love   it .
retractable   cord   and   fantastic   diffuser   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   several   years   ago   and   really   loved   it ,   so   when   it   stopped   working   recently   due   to   a   loose   connection   in   the   gfci   plug   i   knew   i   had   to   purchase   it   again .   the   retractable   cord   is   just   brilliant   every   hair   dryer   should   have   this   feature .   the   cool   shot   button   is   handy   to   help   set   your   style .   and   the   diffuser   attachment   is   just   fabulous   ,   with   air   being   directed   in   and   through   the   prongs   as   well   as   around   them   to   provide   more   even   heat   and   air   distribution .   i   am   so   glad   conair   is   still   making   this   model   and   that   amazon   carries   it .
five   stars   powerful !
perhaps   good   for   n . a . s . a .   scientific   use .   it   certainly   works   okay ,   but   !   br   br   it   s   very   big ,   it   s   quite   heavy   and   you   ll   need   to   have   a   good   memory   to   remember   all   of   the   functions .   br   i   would   say   this   one   has   been   34   over   engineered   34   in   the   extreme   and   i   m   sure   as   i   will ,   many   will   go   back   to   their   lighter   and   simpler   to   use   unit .   br   a   speed ,   cool   and   perhaps   two   or   three   heat   settings   are   i   m   sure   is   what   most   of   us   need   and   want   and   i   feel   this   baby   has   just   got   too   many   functions   to   be   practical .   br   luckily ,   i   purchased   this   on   a   very   special   amazon   deal ,   but   truthfully   i   will   just   keep   this   one   as   a   spare .
great   wall   blowdryer   handy   little   blowdryer ,   better   than   leaving   one   plugged   in   on   vanity !   not   alot   of   power   though
good   buy   has   lots   of   power   to   dry   hair   quickly   and   it   is   great   for   travel .
five   stars   best   hairdryer   ever !
five   stars   good   product
five   stars   excelent   fast .   love   it
one   star   this   i   gave   as   gift   it   blew   up   within   one   month ! ! ! !
four   stars   it   is   good   and   i   am   satisfied
three   stars   i   like   everything   about   it   except   for   the   night   light .   it   is   too   bright   for   me .
i   love   the   convenience   of   not   sitting   in   one   spot   i   love   the   convenience   of   not   sitting   in   one   spot .   but   the   front   part   of   my   hair   never   dries   but   the   back   and   sides   dries   in   no   time   at   all .
best !   purchased   this   over   two   months   ago   and   it   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   used ! !   i   get   disappointed   whenever   i   use   any   other   hair   dryer   because   it   s   simply   not   the   same !   very   strong   power ,   dries   hair   fast   and   easily .   perfect   temperature   for   me   as   well .   very   happy   with   my   purchase !   thank   you !
works   well !   nice   34   bang   for   the   buck   34   !   only   negative   the   back   end   sieve   fills   up   w   dust   and   hard   to   clean ...
it   s   perfect !   adjustable   hood   height   and   plenty   of   room   for   ...   it   s   perfect !   adjustable   hood   height   and   plenty   of   room   for   a   head   full   of   rollers !
five   stars   wife   love   the   style   and   performance .
five   stars   works   great   for   the   price .   leaves   hair   shiny .
five   stars   phenomenal   product
great   for   travel !   great   for   travel .   and   does   a   nice   job   styling   hair .
excellent !   excellent   and   very   durable   hairdryer .   this   is   a   heavy   quality   dryer   no   cheap   light   weight   plastic   here .   comes   with   2   attachments .   would   be   nice   if   it   came   with   a   retractable   cord ,   but   money   well   spent   nonetheless .
five   stars   it   works   as   it   should   be   working
one   star   i   want   to   return   this   because   it   does   not   have   a   plug .
i   like   the   fact   that   high   heat   does   not   burn   and   ...   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   most   hair   dryers   i   have   had .   i   like   the   fact   that   high   heat   does   not   burn   and   it   has   very   powerful   air   flow .   wish   it   wasa   little   lighter   weight .
but   it   is   very   adequate   and   it   is   easy   to   handle   it   isn   t   the   stronger   dryer   i   have   used ,   but   it   is   very   adequate   and   it   is   easy   to   handle .   the   shipping   was   quick   and   perfect .   so   if   your   dryer   dies   this   was   a   great   substitute ! !   thank   you .
great !   its   light   great !   its   light ,   efficient   and   has   a   super   cute   design .   its   even   easier   to   use   than   my   mom   s   expensive   hair   dryer .
four   stars   yes   it   works   great
i   own   three   love   so   much ,   i   purchased   two   backups ! !   spectacular ,   light   weight ,   compact   and   an   outstanding   price !   i   purchased   two ! !
not   what   i   expected !   another   blow   dryer   that   causes   flyaway   hair   and   the   frizzies !   i   wish   someone   knew   of   a   mini   dryer   that   actually   straightens   bangs !   unfortunately ,   this   dryer   does   not   do   the   trick ,   i   am   sorry   to   say !
burned   out   about   4   months   after   i   bought   it .   ...   burned   out   about   4   months   after   i   bought   it .   total   bummer .   i   have   used   conait   hair   dryers   for   years   and   never   had   an   issue   before .   this   one   was   a   bust  
five   stars   low   noise   good   hair   dryer
but   it   s   perfect   for   my   use   a   little   noisy ,   but   powerful ,   small   enough   to   pack .   cord   is   a   bit   on   the   short   side ,   but   it   s   perfect   for   my   use .
i   like   that   this   dryer   provides   greater   heat   than   my   1800   ...   i   like   that   this   dryer   provides   greater   heat   than   my   1800   dryer ,   however   it   doesn   t   put   out   as   much   power .
average .   lasted   a   few   months .   lasted   only   a   few   months   before   it   died .   simply   stopped   working   both   the   motor   and   the   heating .   during   the   time   that   it   worked ,   average   product .   not   the   best   but   not   the   worst .
i   purchased   a   flamethrower ,   cool .   i   had   a   remington   dryer   before   this   that   lasted   5   years .   i   have   thick ,   super   long   hair ,   so   i   needed   something   powerful   that   wouldn   t   leave   my   arms   sore   from   an   hour   s   worth   of   styling .   my   old   hair   dryer   did   the   job   in   less   than   15   minutes   it   was   miraculous .   br   br   the   new   line   stinks ,   period .   instead   of   staying   consistently   hot ,   it   cycles   through   heat   settings   including   cold   .   the   cord   is   also   much   shorter   than   before   a   pain   for   tall   women .   the   newest   development   with   my   dryer   is   sparks   shooting   out   from   the   dryer   into   my   hair .   um ,   hello   !   i   ve   had   this   for   8   months ,   and   i   use   it   anywhere   from   1   3   times   a   week   for   20   minutes   or   less .   br   br   two   stars   because   it   is   still   fairly   powerful ,   and   drying   time   isn   t   insanely   long .   i   want   to   love   this   dryer ...   i   just   wish   the   old   version   was   still   available .
four   stars   it   is   great   i   can   dry   my   hair   while   i   put   on   my   makeup .
i   couldn   t   find   a   blow   dryer   this   would   stay   on   ...   i   couldn   t   find   a   blow   dryer   this   would   stay   on   without   popping   off .   i   went   through   about   5   different   ones .
dud   just   received ,   neither   of   the   accessories   would   fit   on   the   dryer .   i   would   not   recommend   this   to   anyone .
four   stars   works   fine .
five   stars   lobe   it
five   stars   works   great
pleased   with   my   new   conair   hair   dryer   and   the   option   ...   pleased   with   my   new   conair   hair   dryer   and   the   option   for   choices   on   level   of   drying .   i   am   a   little   disappointed   that   occasionally   the   cord   34   hangs   up   34   as   it   is   retracting   and   is   very   difficult   to   start   again .
pink   powerhouse .   this   works   for   me .   i   like   a   small   hairdryer .   it   is   plenty   powerful   and   plenty   pink !
five   stars   great   product   !
awesome   buy   worked   perfect !
like   the   compact   convenience   of   it   and   am   happy   this   ...   powerful   and   small .   like   the   compact   convenience   of   it   and   am   happy   this   dryer   doesn   t   take   over   my   drawer   space .
love   it .   exactly   what   i   needed .   love   it .
five   stars   this   is   the   best   of   hair   dryer .   light   weight ,   efficient ,   dual   voltage   and   work   fine
i   don   t   believe   the   hair   dryer   is   worth   the   price   ...   i   don   t   believe   the   hair   dryer   is   worth   the   price .   all   i   can   say   is   that   it   did   not   out   perform   my   5   year   old ,   30   conair   that   i   purchased   from   target .
three   stars   good !
sorry   piece   of   equipment .   not   as   powerful   as   advertised .   air   force   is   weak .   for   price   you   get   what   you   get .
five   stars   i   love   my   hair   dryer .   my   hair   does   dry   in   less   time .
excellent   value   works   as   well   as   more   expensive   products   of   similar   type .
my   daily   dryer   for   the   last   12   years !   i   ve   owned   and   used   this   dryer   daily   for   the   last   12   years .   works   well   on   my   wavy   average   thick   hair .   its   sturdy   and   dang   near   indestructible   because   its   been   dropped   plenty   of   times .   i   ve   never   considered   getting   a   different   one   until   recently ,   i   think   the   motor   is   about   to   give   up   the   ghost   because   it   shoots   out   sparks   not   to   worry ,   i   have   not   started   on   fire   or   lost   any   hair   but   i   am   noticing   more   frizz   than   i   have   in   the   past .   only   complaint   is   that   the   filter   can   not   be   completely   removed   to   clean   it   out   has   a   cover   but   it   doesn   t   really   do   much ,   lots   of   lint   still   gets   in   there   .   we   have   to   use   a   q   tip   and   canned   air   spray   to   try   and   remove   the   lint .   i   am   going   to   upgrade   and   see   what   that   gets   me .   buying   http   www . amazon . com   gp   product   b00skqft4i   ref   oh   aui   detailpage   o00   s00   ie   utf8   psc   1   will   let   you   know   how   it   compares   in   a   week   or   so .
i   love   the   dual   voltage   as   an   international   traveler ,   i   love   the   dual   voltage ! !
trouble   with   the   heat   the   heat   did   not   last   for   long ,   just   cold   air   blows .   the   dryer   is   stylish   and   the   attachment   does   not   fall   off .   it   is   sad   the   heat   stopped   within   a   week .
blows   strong   but   not   hot   enough   dryer   does   not   put   out   the   heat   as   compared   to   the   dryer   it   is   replacing .   blows   strong   but   not   hot   enough .   the   20   conair   at   costco   puts   out   more   heat   than   this   product .
four   stars   this   gives   one   choice   of   heat   and   power .   it   is   fast   and   nice
the   locking   mechanism   on   the   hose   is   not   stable   enough   ...   the   locking   mechanism   on   the   hose   is   not   stable   enough   to   hold   the   hose   securely .   if   i   make   a   sudden   move   the   hose   pops   off  
when   this   arrived   i   didn   t   even   open   it   for   a   ...   when   this   arrived   i   didn   t   even   open   it   for   a   couple   weeks ,   but   as   soon   as   i   went   to   use   it ,   it   only   blows   cold   air !
  very   light ,   fries   my   hair   quickly .   like   the   cool   button .
great   product !   love   it .   works   great   doesnt   over   heat !   perfect   buy !
things   to   consider   before   buying   this   dryer   a   couple   of   things   to   think   about   before   buying   this   dryer .   first ,   the   cord   is   pretty   short .   it   s   about   3   feet ,   and   1   3   of   it   does   not   retract   by   design   so ,   about   a   foot   of   the   cord   hanging   even   when   you   are   not   using   the   dryer .   second ,   the   there   s   no   temperature   setting ,   and   the   temperature   is   very   low .   if   you   have   long   hair ,   it   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   it .   for   the   price ,   this   dryer   is   not   bad ,   but   for   these   reasons ,   i   bought   a   different   dryer .   this   dryer   is   now   in   the   guess   bathroom .
five   stars   i   liked   the   hair   dryer   it .   it   is   like   the   ones   at   the   hair   salon .
great   with   one   flaw   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   extension   does   not   clip   on .   whenever   i   put   the   dryer   away ,   the   piece   falls   off   and   i   have   to   go   fishing   for   it .   other   than   that ,   it   is   light   weight   and   cuts   dry   time .   the   highest   heat   setting   is   hot .
love   this   blow   dryer   love   this   blow   dryer .   hair   so   much   easier   to   manage   with   this   dryer   than   my   old   that   just   got   34   hot   34   .
five   stars   i   loved   it
worked   well ,   but   died   way   to   early   hi ,   would   have   given   it   a   5   star ,   as   it   worked   really   well   and   was   powerful   yet   quiet .   unfortunately ,   not   even   a   year   old   and   with   no   warning ,   one   day   the   on   off   switch   no   longer   flicked   on   and   off   like   a   spring   had   broken   inside   or   something   and   i   had   to   throw   it   away .   also ,   the   filter   is   not   easily   accessible ,   like   with   some   hair   dryers   that   have   a   trap   door   that   opens   so   you   can   reach   them .   the   only   way   to   clean   the   filter   is   trying   to   shove   a   paper   clip   or   pipe   cleaner   in   between   the   vent   slots   and   see   if   you   can   somehow   pick   the   hair   dust   out   of   the   filter .
best   hair   dryer   ever ! ! !   i   had   bought   this   blow   dryer   in   a   convenient   store   and   loved   it !   i   went   back   and   purchased   an   extra   one   for   my   guest   bathroom   for   company   to   use .   our   family   has   a   lot   of   birthdays   in   march   and   i   thought   this   would   be   a   great   gift   for   my   daughters .   the   convenient   store   did   not   have   any   of   these   left ,   so   i   went   to   my   trusty   amazon   and   bought   two   from   them .   all   of   our   daughters   have   waist   length   to   knee   length   hair   and   i   have   very   thick   and   long   hair   and   it   takes   us   30   to   45   mins   with   other   dryers   to   dry   our   hair .   this   blow   dryer   does   my   hair   in   15   mins .   i   love   this   thing ! !   we   don   t   understand   how   some   say   they   get   their   long   hair   stuck   at   the   intake   in   the   back   of   the   blow   dryer   because   most   women   do   not   have   knee   length   hair   and   we   have   never   had   this   issue .   if   you   want   a   powerful   blow   dryer ,   this   is   the   one   for   you ..
nice   hairdryer   nice   hairdryer .   simple   and   solid .   i   use   mine   for   drying   off   my   goldendoodle   when   she   s   been   out   in   the   rain .
i   really   like   it   for   a   couple   of   reasons   i   really   like   it   for   a   couple   of   reasons .   the   size   and   also   the   blower ,   it   is   the   best   i   have   ever   used .   br   one   problem ,   i   had   one   before   this   order   and   it   only   lasted   a   year .
great   seller   and   great   product   great   seller   and   great   product ,   this   hair   dryer   is   manageable   and   leaves   my   hair   perfect .   the   drier   is   a   bit   heavy   but   other   than   that ,   perfect   size   and   it   makes   wonders
five   stars   great   for   the   guest   room
and   fun   works   really   well ,   and   fun   colors
cant   beat   for   the   price .   for   commercial   setting   they   are   neat   and   clean   but   with   heavy   everyday   use   they   get   about   1   1.5   years   before   burning   out .   very   happy   with   the   product   and   would   recommend   them   to   other   businesses .   i   will   be   purchasing   more   in   the   future !
burnt   out   the   hairdryer   was   good   while   it   lasted   but   has   now   burnt   out .   dead   in   under   two   years .   i   bought   it   for   26.75   two   years   ago   on   amazon   prime   and   now   it   seems   tripple   the   price !   how   is   that   even   possible  
five   stars   great   product !
excellent   hair   dryer   excellent   hair   dryer .   i   love   it   because   i   can   get   very   high   heat   on   a   low   or   high   blow   setting .   also   it   cools   down   quickly   on   the   cool   air   setting   to   lock   in   styles .   just   enough   blow   power   and   plenty   of   choices   for   temp   and   speed .   easy   to   handle .
works   well ,   used   for   a   whole   2   hours   to   ...   works   well   ,   used   for   a   whole   2   hours   to   dry   some   stuff .
not   for   daily   use .   received   a   replacement   for   this   one   that   exploded   about   4   6   months   ago   and   that   also   blew   up   yesterday .... if   you   use   a   hairdryer   every   day   this   is   not   the   one   for   you .   it   would   stop   half   way   through   drying   and   it   takes   less   then   ten   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   and   i   would   have   to   let   it   cool   off   before   it   would   restart .   glad   i   never   mounted   it .
great   just   what   i   was   wanting ! ! !
five   stars   work   really   nice   is   awesome .   .....
i   bought   this   exact   hairdryer   more   than   5   years   ago   ...   i   bought   this   exact   hairdryer   more   than   5   years   ago   and   i   had   to   buy   it   again .   it   s   efficient   and   travels   well !
five   stars   i   wish   i   had   this   dryer   forever !
love ,   love   love ,   love ,   love   it ! ! !   very   comfortable   to   use ,   controls   in   the   right   spot   and   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   leaves   it   smooth   and   shiny ! ! !   very   happy ! ! !   and   it   has   sparkles ...   d
speedy   and   lightweight   hairdryer   i   have   always   had   excellent   luck   with   conair   hair   dryers .   my   previous   one   lasted   over   five   years !   i   have   been   using   this   one   for   a   week   so   far   and   i   love   it .   it   is   lightweight   and   dries   your   hair   quickly   without   making   you   feel   like   you   are   going   through   a   wind   tunnel   .   it   is   a   little   smaller   than   my   old   dryer ,   so   it   would   also   be   useful   for   travel .   very   nice .
the   dryer   works   great .   the   only   reason   for   not   5   stars   is   ...   the   dryer   works   great .   the   only   reason   for   not   5   stars   is   the   cord   retraction .   it   sometimes   takes   three   times   to   get   the   cord   to   retract   fully .
five   stars   excellent
this   is   a   nice   tiny   size   for   traveling   this   is   a   nice   tiny   size   for   traveling ,   but   i   returned   it   because   it   does   not   have   a   34   cool   shot   34   button .
four   stars   really   nice   product ,   but   some   times   the   cord   retainer   button   not   working   properly
not   a   quality   conair   dryer   i   bought   this   because   my   older   conair   caught   on   fire   one   morning ,   after   about   6   years   of   use .   i   needed   something   quick   and   inexpensive .   that   is   what   this   is .   the   diffuser   is   not   well   conceived ,   the   directional   is   poorly   done .   the   airflow   is   slow ,   and   the   dryer   doesn   t   seem   to   get   hot   enough .   this   worked   well   enough   in   a   pinch ,   but   is   not   my   recommended   choice   for   everyday   use .
5   stars   very   nice .   i   love   the   different   heat   settings   and   the   noise   level   is   really   low   compared   to   my   old   conair   hair   dryer
it   is   perfect   for   travel   it   is   tiny   and   lightweight   but   very   powerful .   it   is   perfect   for   travel .
great   hair   dryer !   doesn   t   over   dry   my   hair !   love   it !
i   would   highly   recommend   this   product   to   the   3   settings   for   your   hair   ...   the   only   reason   why   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   was   that   my   other   hair   dryer   gave   out   on   me   and   due   highly   to   the   reviews .   the   positive   reviews   were   right   on   with   the   product .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   product   to   the   3   settings   for   your   hair   and   the   add   on .
perfect   momma   loved   it  
this   hair   dryer   is   light   weight   and   works   awesome !   i   love   the   multiple   settings   and   the   size   ...   this   hair   dryer   is   light   weight   and   works   awesome !   i   love   the   multiple   settings   and   the   size   for   travel .   so   far   no   issues .
five   stars   great   little   hair   dryer ! !   it   quickly   dries   even   a   lot   of   hair .
if   you   need   a   cheap   heat   gun   for   your   models ,   then   this   will   do !   works   well !
five   stars   i   really   like   th   hair   dryer !   it   drys   fast   and   makes   my   hair   look   great !   highly   recommended !
would   buy   it   again   very   good   working   and   i   like   me   hear   after   the   ions
five   stars   excellent ,   but   noisier   than   i   thought .
five   stars   best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   had ,   love   the   ease   of   cord   retraction .
great   product !   the   only   bad   thing   was   that   the   ...   great   product   !   the   only   bad   thing   was   that   the   wheels   didn   t   fit   .
works   fine ,   i   just   wish   there   was   a   cool   setting   ...   works   fine ,   i   just   wish   there   was   a   cool   setting   for   those   hot   days   you   have   to   blow   dry   your   hair .   it   also   seems   like   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   my   other   hair   dryer   this   size .
still   working   great !   this   works   great .   we   ve   had   it   a   few   years   now   and   still   going   strong .
powerful   hairdryer   has   great   power   just   what   i   was   looking   for .
quiet ,   thank   god   bought   this   for   20   on   amazon   sale   .   nice   and   quiet   compared   to   the   one   my   wife   used   to   use .   i   m   surprised   more   women   don   t   have   hearing   loss   from   all   the   noise   of   these   things .
gets   my   hair   dry .   folds   up   neatly .   but   ...   gets   my   hair   dry .   folds   up   neatly .   but   it   didn   t   do   anything   extra   special   to   my   hair .   it   s   a   hair   dryer ... and   it   dried   my   hair .   it   gets   the   job   done   n   fits   in   my   luggage .   so   it   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do .
works   great   lots   of   power ,   works   great ,   hair   doesn   t   seem   as   dry   after   using .   would   definitely   buy   again .
one   star   the   heat   setting   is   only   two   it   said   it   would   have   four   not   happy
five   stars   worked   great   with   adapter .   just   follow   instructions   on   proper   settings .
wonderful   dryer !   tons   of   power !   i   love   this   blow   dryer !   worth   the   higher   price !
good   performer   lightweight   and   efficient .   this   is   a   good   buy   on   a   solid   dryer   that   should   last   for   years .
five   stars   granddaughter   loves   it
five   stars   good
five   stars   very   good
out   of   the   way .   love   our   hair   dryers .   they   are   out   of   the   way   yet   within   reach .
this   is   by   far   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   this   is   by   far   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned !   i   have   curly   hair   and   have   found   that   the   diffuser   that   comes   with   it   is   the   best   for   making   my   hair   have   the   best   curls .   i   had   actually   purchased   two   other   hair   dryers   one   specifically   for   curly   hair   and   they   didn   t   work   at   all !   the   diffuser   on   this   dryer   is   the   perfect   size   to   get   all   of   my   thick   hair .   not   only   that ,   the   hair   dryer   doesn   t   blow   my   hair   all   around   when   trying   to   get   the   right   curls .   i   also   love   the   cool   setting   feature   on   the   dryer .   you   won   t   regret   purchasing   this   hair   dryer !
five   stars   good
favorite   hair   dryer   sturdy ,   not   heavy   and   easy   to   use .
five   stars   great .
four   stars   good   product
the   dryer   works   very   well .   the   only   issue   i   ...   the   dryer   works   very   well .   the   only   issue   i   have   is ,   the   bonnet   is   a   bit   small   and   it   s   too   tight .   there   is   no   way   to   loosen   the   string .
five   stars   use   it   in   a   motor   home   and   works   great .
five   stars   works   great .   compact .
i   m   a   professional   and   have   used   this   dryer   daily   for   ...   i   m   a   professional   and   have   used   this   dryer   daily   for   years .   mine   recently   died   so   bought   another   one .   reasonable   price   too .
five   stars   excellent   compact   and   very   powerful .
i   am   very   happy   with   this   dries   your   hair   very   quickly , i   am   very   happy   with   this   product
seems   decent ..   seems   to   work   okay .   i   haven   t   really   had   the   chance   to   try   it   out   yet .   i   pulled   it   out   of   the   box   and   tested   it ,   so   for   now   its   okay .   the   hair   dryer   and   attachments   are   much   smaller   than   i   imagined .   its   a   normal   size   hair   dryer ,   however   i   m   used   to   a   much   bigger   one   by   revlon .   hopefully   this   one   matches   up   well   to   the   standards   of   the   revlon   products .   i   figured   i   couldn   t   beat   the   price ....
five   stars   good
five   stars   good   buy   for   the   money .   works   perfectly .
it   s   ok   but   i   was   expecting   it   to   have   more   ...   it   s   ok   but   i   was   expecting   it   to   have   more   power .   very   expensive   and   same   power   as   the   previos   model .   i   kept   it   because   i   don   t   have   time   to   shop   around ,   otherwise ,   it   would   had   gone   back .
did   its   job   wonderfully !   this   hair   dryer   worked   perfectly   on   my   recent   trip   to   holland ,   belgium ,   france ,   and   england .   there   was   no   converter   needed ,   just   an   outlet   adapter   when   switched   on   the   250   v   mode   and   used   only   on   the   low   setting .   to   clarify ,   you   can   only   use   it   on   the   low   setting ,   however   on   the   low   setting   it   runs   like   it   is   on   high   very   easy ,   and   worked   perfectly .   it   is   also   extremely   compact   for   easy   packing ,   but   still   worked   like   a   bigger ,   nice   hair   dryer .   hope   this   helps   someone  
happy   customer   met   my   expectations .
awesome   product ....   stands   by   its   name   given   as   a   gift   at   christmas ...   awesome   product ,   my   sister   loves   it   and   she   has   extremely   frizzy   hair .
new   found   life   in   hair !   med   length   wavy   hair   i   realized   a   bit   too   late   in   my   adult   life   that   a   good   blow   dryer   makes   all   the   difference   in   the   look   and   feel   of   your   hair .   i   simply   could   not   figure   out   why   my   hair   was   always   kind   of   34   sticky   34   and   not   quite   fully   dry   when   i   got   out   of   the   shower   and   tried   to   dry   my   hair   with   my   5   year   old   conair   that   i   bought   at   cvs   very   inexpensively .   br   i   did   some   research   online   and   scoffed   at   the   150   dryers   that   were   being   promoted .   this   one   was   on   the   list ,   and   honestly ,   given   the   relatively   lower   price   point   versus   the   other   professional   dryers ,   i   was   willing   to   try   it   out .   br   wow .   i   have   used   it   now   about   3   times ,   and   it   is   hard   to   believe   what   a   significant   difference   i   see   in   my   hair .   i   styled   it   myself   for   a   formal   gala   event ,   and   was   able   to   achieve   the   shiny   look ,   feel ,   and   volume   in   my   hair   that   any   professional   stylist   could   achieve .   it   was   unreal .   even   on   a   work   day   i   feel   so   much   better   about   myself   having   simply   styled   my   hair   with   this   blow   dryer .   it   targets   the   hot   hair   wonderfully   and   leaves   my   hair   so   dry ,   shiny   and   healthy .   br   i   went   back   and   ordered   one   to   send   to   my   mom !   she   is   also   a   victim   of   ignorance   to   bad   dryer   itis ,   so   i   went   ahead   and   sent   her   the   cure .   br   happy   drying !
i   m   not   too   impressed   this   hair   dryer   has   a   a   short   cord   and   you   have   to   have   it   close   too   a   plug .   the   other   other   issue   is   the   on   and   off   switch   and   the   temperature   level   are   too   close   to   where   you   hold   the   dryer   and   the   buttons   switch   on   and   off   all   the   time .   it   s   hard   to   hold   the   dryer .
great   hairdryer !   i   absolutely   love   it !
four   stars   great   contr
i   m   using   this   for   about   a   month   and   its   perfect ! !   i   m   using   this   for   about   a   month   and   its   perfect ! ! ! !   fast   dryer   ever ,   doesn   t   harm   your   hair   and   the   result   is   like   a   pro .
five   stars   this   product   is   very   good .
works   great   on   my   fine   hair .   works   great   on   my   fine   hair ,   lots   of   air ,   love   the   heat   settings ,   and   the   pattern   is   fun .
tight   bonnet   bonnet   was   very   tight   around   the   head .   i   took   the   elastic   out   and   replaced   it   with   some   1   4   inch   elastic   material   purchased   from   walmart ,   taping   it   to   some   automotive   wire   and   threading   through   the   bonnet .   now   my   wife   likes   it   very   much .
great   hair   dryer !   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   after   it   was   recommended   by   a   friend .   i   absolutely   love   it !   i   have   long   hair   and   have   never   been   able   to   dry   my   hair   as   quickly   as   i   can   with   this   hair   dryer .   i   can   t   say   enough   good   things   about   it   and   highly   recommend   it   to   anyone !
it   was   a   good   choice   for   us   we   bought   two   wall   mount   hairdryers   to   install   at   a   vacation   rental .   they   work   well   and   are   attractive .   they   are   small ,   don   t   take   up   too   much   wall   space   and   leaves   the   counter   top   clear .   it   was   a   good   choice   for   us .
good   dryer ,   weird   adjectives   as   a   bald   man ,   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   helps   my   wife   dry   her   hair   in   a   fair   amount   of   time ,   less   than   her   previous   hair   dryer .   seems   to   work   pretty   good .   typically   loud   when   on ,   so   i   leave   the   room .   also ,   of   note ,   this   hair   dryer   does   not   have   an   actual   turbo   despite   the   product   description .   i   feel   like   this   is   either   false   advertising   and   i   have   been   duped ,   or   the   seller   has   no   idea   what   the   hell   a   turbo   actually   is .   turbos   are   found   on   internal   combustion   engines ,   both   gasoline   and   diesel .   if   turbo   is   meant   to   mean   something   like   34   strong   wind   34   ,   they   should   have   used   a   word   like   ky   f   ,   which   is   japanese   for   34   strong   wind   34   .   or   maybe   the   german   word   for   34   hair   dryer   34   ,   which   is   f   hn .   either   way ,   don   t   be   fooled .   there   is   no   actual   turbo ,   34   quiet   fan   and   motor   34   is   subjective .   it   is   loud .   and   i   have   not   tested   the   34   lifeline   shock   protection   34   .   i   would   hope   it   works ,   but   after   the   other   misleading   information ,   your   results   may   vary .
my   favorite   dryer   im   a   hairstylist .   i   have   2   of   these .   super   light   and   dries   great .   not   loud   either !
five   stars   compact   and   easy   to   use
good   dryer   my   daughter   says   that   it   is   easy   to   use   and   is   fine .
five   stars   great   purchase !   works   perfectly .
three   stars   little   bit   heavier   than   expected .
five   stars   love   it ....
i   love   my   new   rusk   i   love   my   new   rusk !   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   i   thought   it   would   be ,   but   it   is   easy   to   hold .   the   4   attachments   make   any   style   possible .
the   hair   dryer   is   quiet   and   powerful   enough   to   dry   ...   the   hair   dryer   is   quiet   and   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   hair ,   however ,   the   on   off   switch   stopped   working   the   first   day .   i   did   not   want   to   go   through   taking   it   off   the   wall   and   send   it   back   so   i   am   using   this   item   by   plugging   and   unplugging   the   hair   dryer   as   needed   for   use .   the   switch   should   last   years ,   but   didn   t   even   work   for   one   day .
excellent   hair   dryer   love   this   hairdyer ! !   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time ,   is   so   quiet   and   light   in   weight .   my   girlfriend   has   owned   this   dryer   for   years   and   always   has   it   with   her   when   we   travel   together .   after   our   last   vacation   together   i   decided   it   was   time   i   owned   my   own !
but   i   liked   how   it   handled   and   it   did   a   good   job   so   far   used   only   one   time ,   but   i   liked   how   it   handled   and   it   did   a   good   job .
stoked !   i   m   so   glad   that   i   finally   got   one   of   these   for   home .   works   really   well ,   not   too   loud   and   my   hair   doesn   t   feel   fried   like   a   hand   dryer .   my   only   suggestion   is   getting   a   weight   to   add   to   the   base   because   it   can   tip   over   easier   than   it   should .
two   stars   it   made   my   hair   very   puffy ... very ,   very ,   way   too   puffy
drys   your   hsir   ,   but !   yes   the   blow   dryer   works   well   to   dry   my   hair   ,   but   it   didn   t   leave   my   hair   smooth   without   frizz   .   it   was   also   awkward   to   handle   ,   the   nozzle   is   long   .   i   will   go   back   to   my   old   hair   dryer   !
five   stars   dry   that   hair   for   less   than   13 ...
wonderful .   ! ! ! ! !   all   i   hoped   for   this   is   a   wonderful   hair   dryer .   i   would   recommend   to   anyone .
it   does   a   good   quick   job   of   drying   your   hair   if   you   want   it   to   de   frizz   and   smooth   your   hair   and   straighten   it   then   it   is   a   5   star   purchase .
lasts   a   year   well ,   it   just   didn   t   turn   on   after   a   year   of   use .   it   wasn   t   dropped   or   near   to   a   water   or   anything   that   might   ve   caused   it   to   malfunction .   br   br   as   i   was   getting   ready   for   my   day ,   it   just   didn   t   turn   on .   i   tried   to   troubleshoot   it ,   reset ,   use   a   different   plug   etc .   no   luck .
they   are   great .   last   forever   and   very   sturdy   second   one   i   have   owned .   they   are   great .   last   forever   and   very   sturdy .
excellent ,   perfect   amount   of   air   speed   without   blowing   your   ...   excellent ,   perfect   amount   of   air   speed   without   blowing   your   hair   everywhere   like   the   newer   high   speed   dryers .   my   second   purchase .
five   stars   pricey   but   excellent   dryer .   i   like   quality   items .
love   it !   best   i   ve   ever   bought .   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   it   only   takes   about   5   7   minutes   to   dry   with   this   blow   dryer .
five   stars   love   this   little   blow   dryer ,   works   like   a   regular   size   dryer ! ! !
love   my   new   hair   dryer   absolutely   love   new   hair   dryer ! ! !   br   exactly   what   i   was   wanting ,   my   hair   is   thick   and   short   and   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing   at   getting   my   hair   dried   quick ! ! !
two   stars   bonnet   too   tight !
five   stars   best   hairdryer   ever ! ! !
five   stars   love   it !   it   has   a   lot   of   power   and   works   very   well .
five   stars   awesome   in   perfect   condition   the   box   was   a   little   beat   up   but   the   product   is   fantastic
it   works   this   is   a   nice   sized   hairdryer   and   has   been   working   for   about   six   months   with   daily   use .   my   only   complaint   is   i   have   thick   hair   so   i   wish   it   had   a   little   more   power   and   ran   a   little   more   hot   like   some   of   my   other   hair   dryers .
high   quality   very   nice ,   compact ,   high   quality   dryer   with   good   controls   a   good   value .
good   power ,   able   to   dry   hair   quickly   works   well ,   good   power ,   able   to   dry   hair   quickly .
next   best   thing   to   air   drying   your   hair !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   have   long ,   natural   hair .   i   used   to   blow   dry   and   flat   iron   my   hair   until   it   started   breaking   and   looking   dead   .   i   heard   about   this   dryer   on   you   tube   from   34   sista   with   real   hair   34   .   i   ordered   and   received   it   within   3   4   days .   no   more   blow   drying   for   me .   great   price   too !
paid   for   new   but   got   used   when   i   touched   the   box   i   knew   right   then   and   there   that   something   doesn   t   feel   right .   it   didn   t   feel   like   a   brand   new   box   and   when   i   opened   it   up   my   suspicion   was   confirmed .   i   have   received   a   used   or   return   product   when   i   paid   for   a   new   one .   the   hair   dryer   had   marks   on   it   from   previous   use .   i   m   not   happy   about   this .   update   i   decided   to   use   it   anyways   but   it   wouldn   t   even   work .   i   tried   resetting   and   testing   it   but   it   won   t   even   turn   on .   the   buttons   are   very   cheaply   made .   when   i   moved   the   buttons   it   felt   like   it   would   fall   apart .   very   disappointed .
value   for   money   i   use   it   daily .   it   s   good   and   value   for   money .
the   best   hair   dryer   in   the   entire   world .   do   yourself   a   favor   and   buy   this   right   now .
it   s   a   really   good   value   for   the   money   it   s   a   really   good   value   for   the   money .   it   is   a   bit   heavier   than   i   am   used   to   and   if   just   got   s   bit   hotter   it   would   be   perfect
best   compact   hairdryer   this   is   the   best   compact   hairdryer   i   ever   purchased .   so   much   power .
a   good   piece   of   kit   a   good   piece   of   kit .   i   chose   it   for   my   wife   she   loves   it .   so   powerful   that   she   rarely   uses   it   on   full   power   2   wiggles  
dryer   is   top   heavy   and   fell   over   and   broke   i   love   this   dryer .   i   purchased   about   3   weeks   ago   and   have   used   it   almost   every   other   day   since   i   bought   it .   it   dries   extremely   fast   in   the   morning   so   it   allows   me   to   not   have   to   blow   dry   which   is   essential   with   african   american   hair   and   relaxers   to   prevent   dryness .   the   settings   are   great   and   it   is   super   quiet   which   is   what   i   was   looking   for .   those   are   all   definite   positives .   however ,   i   would   have   to   agree   with   one   of   the   other   reviewers .   it   is   extremely   top   heavy   and   i   had   the   same   problem   in   that   yesterday   it   fell   over   and   the   visor   in   the   front   broke .   now   i   am   hoping   i   can   find   someone   that   replaces   the   part   as   the   part   is   screwed   in   and   if   that   is   the   case   then   this   would   possibly   increase   my   score   a   little   but   you   still   have   the   problem   of   it   falling   over   in   the   future .   if   i   cannot   find   a   part   to   replace   it   online   then   i   would   drop   this   review   to   a   2   or   1   since   it   doesn   t   work   as   well   without   the   visor   keeping   the   heat   in .
three   stars   nice   hair   dryer   but   very   heavy .
three   stars   ok ....   it   really   dosent   get   that   hot .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer .   no   complaints
four   stars   this   is   great ! ! !
five   stars   it   s   really   pretty   and   useful !   the   delivery   is   fast !   thanks
still   nice .   the   power   of   the   dryer   seems   less   than   i   would   have   thought .   still   nice .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer !   shipping   was   very   fast !
five   stars   love   this   hair   dryer .
red   mistake   this   blow   dryer   seemed   to   be   just   what   i   wanted ,   but   was   a   huge   disappointment .   it   is   very   loud   as   i   think   one   reviewer   stated .   that   i   could   deal   with   but   that   was   just   one   small   detail .   the   attachment   for   the   hair   curling   i   could   not   work ,   although   that   may   just   be   me .   the   settings   for   the   hot   and   cold   on   this   are   right   at   the   finger   tips   where   you   hold   the   dryer .   therefore ,   if   you   are   not   careful   you   will   be   drying   on   warm   instead   of   high .   you   start   wondering   why   its   not   getting   dry .   i   have   had   to   change   it   back   as   many   as   20   times   in   one   hair   drying   session .   and   now   the   last   and   most   frustrating   feature   of   the   dryer .   the   concentrated   hair   drying   attachment   that   was   stated   in   the   description   of   the   product   as   coming   off   for   easy   cleaning ,   unlike   most   other   models .   well   yes ,   it   does   come   off   for   easy   cleaning   alright ,   it   just   blows   it   across   the   room   as   you   are   drying   your   hair .   you   just   don   t   want   anyone   else   in   the   room   with   you   for   you   never   know   where   the   line   of   fire   may   be .   it   blows   off   with   quite   a   force   so   i   am   sure   it   would   hurt   someone ,   particularly   a   small   child .   i   owned   a   vidal   sassoon   dryer   before   but   never   one   like   this .   i   cannot   recommend   this   product   and   will   not   purchase   another   one   of   this   brand .   it   was   inexpensive   so   i   guess   its   true ,   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   not   worth   paying   return   shipping   so   i   use   it   as   it   is   until   my   new   one   arrives .
affordable   effective !   amazing   dryer ! !   it   has   cut   my   drying   time   down   significantly .   i   have   really   curly   hair   this   dryer   works   very   well   with   my   diffuser .   i   think   it   is   a   great   value   for   the   money   and   i   m   so   happy   with   my   purchase !
five   stars   very   nice   and   easy   to   use .   works   great !
five   stars   so   powerful   and   light   , for   that   price   it   left   behind   all   expensive   italian   hairdryers
five   stars   the   quality   is   very   good
love   this   dryer   especially   the   cool   setting   which   i   use   ...   love   this   dryer   especially   the   cool   setting   which   i   use   for   the   first   week   after   i   color   my   hair .   it   s   lightweight   and   doesn   t   make   a   lot   of   noise .
fast   without   the   furious   another   device   that   is   a   powerhouse   in   a   small   package .   i   had   a   very   expensive   white   designer   hairdresser   before   this   and   it   still   took   forever   to   dry   hair ,   and   got   so   hot   doing   so   that   kids   and   pets   yowl .   this   dryer   works   in   record   time ,   blows   the   moisture   out   like   those   car   dryer   things   at   the   car   wash ,   and   doesn   t   burn   hair   or   scalp   doing   so .   it   is   also   fairly   quiet   for   the   power .   i   am   not   a   pro   hairdresser   so   can   t   speak   for   that ,   but   for   the   family   bath   night ,   it   is   fast   without   the   furious .
worth   the   wait !   product   arrived   in   perfect   condition   and   have   had   no   issues   since   it   arrived .   it   was   packaged   very   sustainably   and   safely .   am   very   satisfied   with   customer   service .   totally   worth   the   wait !   br   my   girlfriend   absolutely   loved   this   as   a   gift !   she   said   the   dryer   is   powerful   enough   but   not   hot   enough   to   damage   hair   will   leaving   smooth   hair   and   preventing   split   ends   from   fraying   from   the   intense   heat   of   a   competitor .   if   you   have   a   significant   other   with   delicate   hair   this   is   definitely   worth   the   price   and   wait .   it   will   pay   itself   back   in   no   time !   br   i   say   it   s   worth   the   wait   because   you   either   have   to   save   up   enough   money   to   purchase   an   item   of   this   caliber   and   also   because   it   is   manufactured   in   italy   and   takes   about   two   weeks   to   arrive
great   dryer   great   dryer .   it   dried   my   hair   in   under   10   min .   and   i   have   thick   hair   that   reaches   my   bum .   powerful ,   my   leave   your   hair   a   little   frizzed .
great   product .   love   having   my   hair   dryer   so   handy .
wouldn   t   reccomend   this   to   traveling   hair   stylists .   as   a   professional   makeup   artist   and   hair   stylist   i   invest   in   a   lot   of   products .   this   hair   dryer   is   really   not   my   favorite .   i   usually   hold   it   by   the   base   when   i   m   drying   a   client   s   hair   but   it   gets   so   hot   that   i   have   to   hold   it   by   the   handle ,   but   when   i   do   that   i   m   touching   all   the   buttons   and   turning   stuff   on   and   off   on   accident .   also ,   the   part   that   holds   the   filter   on   the   back   of   the   dryer   keeps   falling   off   that   i   had   to   tape   it   and   now   it   looks   terrible   but   it   s   the   only   thing   that   holds   the   piece   on .   not   to   mention   the   metal   grate   on   the   back   that   holds   the   filter   in   keeps   caving   in   constantly .   i   feel   like   these   are   not   meant   for   travel ,   which   is   funny   because   it   s   travel   size .   maybe   i   got   a   bad   batch   or   something .   br   br   yes   it   s   a   powerful   driver ,   but   this   seems   more   like   it   s   aimed   at   a   consumer   than   a   professional   which   is   sad   because   i   had   many   professionals   reccomend   it   to   me .   i   wouldn   t   reccomend   this   to   traveling   stylists ,   but   maybe   it   works   better   if   you   have   your   own   station .
five   stars   good   quality   and   lasts   a   long   time ...
great   hairdryer !   this   hairdryer   with   the   brush   attachment   works   very   well   for   drying   and   straightening   out   curly   hair .   a   must   for   everyone   with   these   extra   curls !   it   s   also   quite   nice   to   have   the   availability   of   the   two   currents   that   one   might   use   built   into   this   one   unit .   it   will   be   great   for   traveling   to   europe .
it   is   very   well   made   but   it   is   so   powerful   if   drys   my   hair   so   fast   i   can   t   style   it   with   my   round   brush   for   a   good   blow   out   can   a   blow   dryer   be   too   powerful   ..   the   answer   is   yes ..   it   is   very   well   made   but   it   is   so   powerful   if   drys   my   hair   so   fast   i   can   t   style   it   with   my   round   brush   for   a   good   blow   out ..   resulting   in   frizz   that   i   have   to   correct   with   a   flat   iron ..   this   was   on   low   setting ..   the   high   setting   might   as   well   be   a   jet   engine .   .   i   m   keeping   it   to   use   on   my   poodle   because   she   needs   to   be   dryer   quickly ..   one   major   plus   though   it   does   not   get   very   hot   thus   limiting   the   damage   you   will   do .
five   stars   love   this   hair   dryer !
four   stars   great   buy
great   product   fantastic   product   and   a   transaction .   i   use   mine   evey   day .   worth   every   penny . ! ! ! !
best   dryer   i   ve   used   best   and   fast
meh .   it   s   fine ...   it   s   fine .   not   much   diff   between   warm   and   hot   settings .   pretty   standard   hair   dryer .   dries   my   hair   that   s   it .
five   stars   good !   cheap !
just   an   okay   purchase   decent   hairdryer ,   but   doesn   t   really   help   my   hair   s   tendency   to   frizz .   also   don   t   like   the   placement   of   the   34   cool   34   button ,   i   m   always   pressing   it   accidentally .   overall ,   fine   but   wouldn   t   buy   again .
wonderful   curls   fast   shipping .   works   wonderful   for   my   curls .   my   perm   was   mostly   straight   and   dead   looking   and   just   using   this   once   with   the   diffuser   made   my   curls   come   back   to   life   and   the   dry   damaged   hair   look   go   away .   i   highly   recommend   this .
this   is   replacing   another   just   like   it   that   we   had   and   it   lasted   7   years   works   as   intended .   no   problems .   this   is   replacing   another   just   like   it   that   we   had   and   it   lasted   7   years .   can   t   ask   for   much   more   for   a   blow   dryer   in   this   price   range .
three   stars   cord   doesn   t   retract   all   the   way
excellent   might   mouse   fast   delivery   great   little   travel   item   for   me   and   use   it   to   seal   windows   plastic   liners   in   winter .   price   is   excellent .
works   and   looks   great .   good   buy .   great   looking   hair   dryer   and   works   fantastic .
so   far   so   good .   very   pleased   at   the   price   top   silent ,   hot ,   and   lightweight !   so   far   so   good .   very   pleased   at   the   price   top !
weak   air   flow ,   but   silky   hair .   i   bought   this   to   replace   my   34   conair   infinity   pro   34   hairdryer .   what   attracted   me   to   this   andis   was   the   34   salon   grade   34   and   the   ionic   ceramic   attributes .   overall   this   is   a   good   hair   dryer ,   but   it   doesn   t   blow   as   hard   as   the   conair   it   replaced .   this   was   huge   for   me ,   as   i   like   a   good   air   flow .   it   takes   longer   for   my   wife   to   dry   her   hair   because   of   it ,   so   we   went   back   to   our   old   brand .   it   does ,   however ,   leave   your   hair   34   silkier   34   which   was   a   surprise   to   me .   i   didn   t   think   an   ionic   dryer   could   do   that ,   but   it   does .   the   two   settings   it   has   for   wattage   didn   t   seem   to   make   much   of   a   difference ,   but   it   s   a   nice   touch .   i   m   sure   there   s   a   reason   for   the   option ,   but   i   can   t   think   of   anything   it   s   useful   for .   i   put   it   on   the   high   setting   and   let   it   go .   the   retractable   cord   is   nice ,   but   it   doesn   t   reel   the   cord   all   the   way   in ,   leaving   about   16in   left   dangling .   after   a   few   weeks   of   use ,   it   reels   in   even   less ,   now   leaving   about   20   or   so   inches   hanging .   br   br   pro   silky   hair ,   somewhat   retractable   cord ,   two   wattage   settings   that   i   ll   prob   never   use   .   br   con   takes   longer   to   dry   long ,   thick   hair   as   the   air   current   isn   t   as   strong   as   i   d   like .   br   br   i   wouldn   t   buy   this   again   or   recommend   it ,   but   if   you   don   t   mind   a   slightly   weaker   air   flow ,   the   ionic   silkiness   is   worth   it .
looks   great   return   is   no   longer   needed
just   wish   it   was   foldable   it   only   has   high   and   low   modes ,   or   off .   for   the   price ,   the   size ,   and   options ,   it   has   dried   my   hair   faster   than   that   blue   conair   from   target .   my   hair   is   dark   black ,   thick   in   volume ,   and   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   you   can   ask   all   of   my   hairstylists .   so   this   one   is   great   for   your   money .
good   dryer   nice   velocity   and   doesn   t   get   too   hot .   cold   button   a   good   feature .
five   stars   as   described
did   not   like   this   at   all   did   not   like   this   at   all .   my   hair   took   longer   to   dry   and   it   was   so   loud ! ! !   returned   immediately
love   this   hair   dryer   love   this   hair   dryer ..   dries   my   hair   fast   and   leaves   it   smooth   w   no   need   to   iron   it ..   love   different   temp   settings   and   definately   worth   every   penny ..   my   stylist   owns   this   same   one   and   said   they   last   a   very   very   long   time .   love   it .. would   definately   buy   it   again   if   i   had   to .
five   stars   love   the   air   pressure   on   this   dryer !
good   hair   dryer !   i   would   have   given   this   blow   dryer   a   5 ,   but   the   cord   needs   to   be   longer .   overall   it   works   great   though .
dryer   stopped   working   after   two   months   of   bi   weekly   use   this   dryer   was   purchased   last   summer   and   safely   stored   while   we   moved .   i   pulled   it   out   this   january ,   and   the   low   setting   has   already   stopped   working ,   while   the   high   setting   barely   pushes   out   any   air .   i   m   now   convinced   this   was   a   fake ,   and   am   sorely   disappointed .   amazon   is   always   our   first   stop   for   purchases   such   as   these ,   and   i   ve   always   been   very   happy   with   their   customer   service ...   i   have   a   request   for   a   refund   in ,   and   we   ll   see   how   this   resolves .
but   with   a   convertor   for   each   country   it   worked   wonderfully !   i   could   not   be   happier   with   this   purchase   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   because   it   was   dual   voltage ,   and   i   wished   to   use   it   in   both   the   united   kingdom   and   france .   it   has   an   american   plug ,   but   with   a   convertor   for   each   country   it   worked   wonderfully !   i   could   not   be   happier   with   this   purchase .   turns   out   we   went   to   italy   too ,   and   with   the   same   french   convertor ,   the   dryer   worked   in   italy   too .
five   stars   i   would   recommend   this   product   compact   and   powerful   worth   for   money
five   stars   works   well .   shipping   was   spot   on .
one   star   i   didn   t   receive   the   straightening   pic   that   came   with   the   dryer .
five   stars   love   it   love   the   arrival   time   as   well .
three   stars   very   short   cord ,   was   expecting   much   longer .
died   in   3   months ! ! !   i   purchased   this   from   target   a   little   over   three   months   ago   so ,   sadly   i   can   t   return   it   and   the   heating   element   has   already   died .   i   like   the   folding   and   retractable   cord   features   as   well   as   the   reasonable   price ,   but   it   isn   t   a   deal   if   you   have   to   replace   it   every   three   months !   i   ll   spend   a   little   more   next   time   and   get   a   higher   quality   product .
easy   to   install   been   using   this   brand   in   my   bathrooms   for   years .   easy   to   install .
four   stars   it   works   great .
you   re   hair   will   love   this .   gives   my   curls   volume   without   frizz   curly   girls ,   you   re   hair   will   love   this .   gives   my   curls   volume   without   frizz .   my   hair   dries   quicker   this   this   dryer ,   but   it   is   not   super   hot .   the   shape   of   it   allows   you   to   shape   your   air   while   you   dry   it .   if   you   have   curly   hair ,   get   this   now !   i   do   wish   it   had   some   sort   of   attachment   that   was   similar   to   a   concentrator   so   i   could   blow   dry   parts   of   my   hair   out .   you   can   take   off   the   diffuser   attachment   but   it   s   not   hot   enough   or   concentrated   enough   to   make   my   hair   do   what   i   want   for   that   type   of   style .   i   have   to   use   a   traditional   dryer   if   i   am   doing   something   other   than   just   being   curly .
it   worked   great .   bought   this   for   limited   use   to   seal   windows ,   having   never   purchased   one   before .   it   worked   great .
your   premium   compact   hair   dryer .   premium   hair   dryer .   does   what   the   discription   said   it   would .   light ,   good   looking   and   not   cumbersome .
great   item   this   is   a   great   item   my   college   age   daughter   loves   it
five   stars   awesome
this   is   not   the   titanium   nano   portifino .   if   it   ...   this   is   not   the   titanium   nano   portifino .   if   it   is   then   it   was   either   used   or   refurbished   and   not   returned   to   is   original   state .   it   overheats   and   has   damaged   my   hair   because   it   is   not   working   correctly .   i   know   this   because   i   also   own   the   true   black   titanium   nano   portifino   and   it   s   an   incredible   hair   dryer   and   my   fiance   is   a   stylist .   disappointed
so   far   i   am   happy   with   the   product   arrived   before   promised .   so   far   i   am   happy   with   the   product .
four   stars   great   just   not   happy   how   it   cools   down   when   i   have   it   on   for   5   minutes .
five   stars   it   works   great !   the   dial   for   timing   it   s   backwards   but   it   works   just   fine .
the   gold   standard .   i   used   to   spend   six   hours   doing   my   girls   naturally   coily   and   kinky   hair .   drying   time   has   now   been   cut   to   an   average   if   five   minutes ,   which   in   turns   means   a   styling   time   of   two   hours   total   on   the   girls .   this   dryer   gave   me   my   weekends   back .   only   down   side   is   that   the   ones   i   ve   had   go   out   after   roughly   two   years .   i   m   on   my   third   t3   since   2011 .
another   typical   hairdryer   i   have   very   fine   hair   and   it   is   not   34   thick   34   ,   so   when   i   go   outside   on   a   humid   day ,   the   places   where   my   hair   is   naturally   curly   curl   up   worse   and   the   rest   loses   the   style   i   intended   when   i   left   the   house .   static   was   a   big   issue ,   so   when   shopping   for   a   blower   with   high   wattage ,   high   heat   yes ,   i   want   hot   and   high   velocity ,   i   found   this   one   hoping   it   would   meet   the   requirements .   i   found   it   to   be   like   most   of   the   drug   store   blowers   in   my   blower   graveyard   in   the   closet ,   going   to   the   next   garage   sale .   i   just   did   not   meet   the   expectations ,   not   enough   blow ,   heat   and   i   still   had   frizzy   static   hair .   it   works   and   probably   works   just   fine   for   those   who   have   thick   hair   they   don   t   want   to   damage ,   but   my   hair   takes   2   minutes   flat   to   dry   and   style .   i   did   move   on   and   purchased   onei   mk   ii   for   about   70   taking   a   really   big   chance .   it   blew   me   away   literally   and   exceeded   all   expectations .   so   for   fine   hair   users ,   it   may   be   worthwhile   to   shop   around   since   there   are   very   few   resources   for   our   types .
wonderful   hair   dryer .   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   had .
looks   like   a   toy   hairdryer !   startlingly   small   and   flimsy   looking ,   with   a   thin   plastic   grill   over   the   fan .   but   does   a   decent   job ,   with   good   air   on   the   high   setting .   i   d   never   rely   on   this   for   every   day   or   for   a   long   trip ,   but   since   it   s   so   light   and   small ,   will   keep   it   on   hand   for   overnights .
five   stars   works   great !
does   a   great   job .   his   dryer   replaces   my   old   one   which   is   cumbersome   and   bulkier .   does   a   great   job .
five   stars   very   compact .   ideal   for   traveling .
powerful !   i   wanted   a   salon   quality   dryer   and   got   it !   this   dryer   is   fast ,   easy   to   work   with ,   not   too   heavy   and   does   a   fantastic   job .   best   i   ve   ever   owned .
thumbs   up   great   buy
good   ppwer ,   nice   size   for   travel   works   well ,   good   ppwer ,   nice   size   for   travel .   would   recommend   it .
four   stars   good   as   any   other
five   stars   great
great   value   great   value
five   stars   was   not   the   red   one   i   wanted ,   but   is   sufficient .
works   just   as   good   as   any   other   blow   dryer   she   s   used   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   for   my   mother .   she   is   a   hair   stylist   and   swears   by   it .   she   says   it   takes   up   no   space   and   very   convenient   when   mounted   on   the   wall .   works   just   as   good   as   any   other   blow   dryer   she   s   used .   great   space   saver .
it   is   all   of   those   things   but   i   have   a   much   nicer   travel   hair   dryer   that   doesn   t   feel   like   it   is   just   going   to   snap   in   two   this   dryer   is   just   cheap .   cheap ,   lightweight ,   plasticky   feeling .   granted ,   it   is   all   of   those   things   but   i   have   a   much   nicer   travel   hair   dryer   that   doesn   t   feel   like   it   is   just   going   to   snap   in   two ... unfortunately   my   other   one   doesn   t   have   a   diffuser   which   is   the   sole   reason   i   got   this   one .   but   hey ,   it   s   only   for   travel ...
it   doesn   t   blow   dry   very   hot   air   but   i   did   buy   it   for   a   good   price   and   it   works   cheap   blower   dryer .   it   doesn   t   blow   dry   very   hot   air   but   i   did   buy   it   for   a   good   price   and   it   works .   this   is   why   i   gave   it   3   stars .
i   like   it   better   than   my   regular   revlon   i   was   using   ...   small   enough   to   travel   but   powerful ,   i   like   it   better   than   my   regular   revlon   i   was   using   for   3   years .
extracompact   twinturbo   3500   i   just   hate   it !   i   gave   away   my   babyliss   thinking   this   one   is   better .   what   a   mistake ! ! !   when   i   use   it   my   hair   gets   opaque .   i   m   very   disappointment   and   is   too   late   to   return   it .
three   stars   very   heavy   seems   to   work   well   but   wouldn   t   recommend   for   travel .
worked   great   in   germany   and   the   uk   worked   great   in   germany   and   the   uk .   just   turn   the   butyon   and   you   are   ready   for   overseas .   lightweight .   low   setying   is   powerful .   highly   recommend .
five   stars   wife   loves   it !
four   stars   as   of   now   no   complaints ,   it   s   quiet   and   does   the   job .
got   a   great   deal   and   works   good   was   looking   for   a   family   hair   dryer .   got   a   great   deal   and   works   good .   we   also   like   the   color .
my   old   dryer   weight   was   like   nothing   in   comparison   the   weight   is   inordinately   heavy !   why   my   old   dryer   weight   was   like   nothing   in   comparison .   br   it   does   the   job ,   but   i   d   recommend   a   lighter   model   to   a   friend .
...   i   expected   but   it   does   make   your   hair   look   better   comparing   with   other   regular   dryers   the   real   product   is   bigger   than   i   expected   but   it   does   make   your   hair   look   better   comparing   with   other   regular   dryers .   and   i   love   the   color ! ! !
this   one   works   better   than   any   other   professional   dryer   i   have   tried   my   mom   is   a   cosmetologist   has   always   supplied   me   with   professional   grade   dryers   for   my   thick ,   heavy   hair .   this   one   works   better   than   any   other   professional   dryer   i   have   tried .   the   cost   was   more   reasonable   too .
five   stars   the   hair   dryer   works   as   expected .
blows   away   the   competition   with   three   teenage   girls   in   the   house ,   the   hair   dryer   gets   a   lot   of   use .   a   lot   of   use .   we   ve   blown   through   quite   a   few   hairdryers   no   pun   intended .   this   one   however ,   seems   to   be   the   clear   winner .   as   a   stylishly   bald   man ,   i   can   t   personally   vouch   for   it ,   but   the   female   testimonials   are   unanimous ...   this   is   an   excellent   product .   br   br   full   disclosure   the   dog   isn   t   a   big   fan ,   but   she   doesn   t   like   baths   much   either ,   so   can   r   be   surprised .
great   little   hair   dryer   for   the   money   great   little   hair   dryer   for   the   money .   no   cool   setting   and   low   speed   is   really   low ,   but   i   still   like   it   and   would   recommend   it .
love   it !   love ,   love ,   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   ve   been   looking   and   trying   for   months   now !   i   finally   found   the   perfect   one   for   me !   yeah !   it   s   lightweight ,   small   enough   to   travel   and   powerful .   so   easy   to   use .   economical ,   too !   i   m   going   to   buy   another   one   for   the   guest   bath !   it   s   hard   to   locate   great   hair   dryers   when   you   find   one   that   you   like   in   a   hotel .   for   some   reason   conair   puts   34   1875   34   on   most   all   their   dryers ,   so   it   s   hard   to   tell   the   actual   model   number   when   you   find   one   that   you   like ...   glad   we   were   finally   able   to   track   this   one   down !
salon   quality   hairdrying   i   bought   this   hairdryer   more   than   year   ago   when   my   last   one   lit   on   fire .   i   choose   this   one   because   i   know   the   babyliss   name   and   i   loved   the   pattern .   the   pattern   is   actually   as   cute   as   it   looks   in   the   picture .   br   br   weight   this   dryer   weighs   about   as   much   as   a   weighted   tape   dispenser .   it   feels   like   a   professional   hair   dryer   and   is   not   easy   to   break .   br   br   design   the   cord   on   the   dryer   is   somewhat   rigid   and   unwieldy .   it   became   easier   to   wrangle   when   i   bought   velcro   ties   for   the   cord   on   amazon   velcro   brand   one   wrap   thin   self   gripping   cable   ties   reusable ,   light   duty   8   34   x   1   2   34   ties ,   100   pack   black   br   br   speed   of   drying   i   can   t   say   much   here .   after   all ,   it   is   just   blowing   hot   air ,   but   i   guess   that   i   can   say   that   it   dries   quickly .   br   br   temperature   the   hot   setting   gets   pretty   hot .   not   hot   enough   to   burn   your   scalp ,   but   hot   enough   to   get   the   job   done .
just   as   powerful   as   a   full   size   dryer   i   love   this   dryer .   i   use   it   as   both   my   everyday   dryer   and   my   travel   dryer .   it   s   just   as   powerful   as   a   full   size   but   without   the   weight   and   bulk .   i   m   seriously   never   going   back   to   a   full   size   dryer   again .
five   stars   dryers   my   hair   super   fast   and   no   frizz
just   love   it ,   freedom   from   the   hooded   dryer   just   love   it   ,   freedom   from   the   hooded   dryer   !
heavy !   works   okay ,   but   very   heavy !
good   construction ,   air   flow ,   and   price .   good   air   flow .   fairly   quiet .   seems   like   good   construction .   location   of   the   buttons   makes   them   easy   to   switch   unintentionally .   i   think   this   is   a   winner   at   around   twenty   six   bucks   delivered .
four   stars   great   design   base   could   be   more   sturdy
five   stars   great   dryer   makes   my   hair   feel   like   silk
works   great !   well   it   did   for   awhile .   has   a   good   volume   of   air   on   high   for   a   compact   unit ,   but   the   trade   off   is   it   is   a   bit   noisy   too .   not   mention   in   the   listing ,   but   the   blue   button   is   a   cool   air   button   and   works   as   would   be   expected .   unlike   the   revlon   rvdr5033   i   had   the   cool   button   on   this   unit   just   turns   the   heat   off   and   back   on   when   released   and   does   not   change   the   fan .   it   gets   very   hot   on   high   and   so   did   the   revlon .   too   hot   it   seems   to   me   but   it   appears   no   one   makes   a   1500   watt   model   anymore .   i   could   find   nothing   but   1875   watt   models   even   in   compact .   not   pictured   or   mentioned   but   this   one   like   all   of   them   has   the   huge   block   on   the   cord   end   with   a   gfi   and   ac   plug   as   part   of   that   block .   even   though   they   tell   you   not   to   put   two   gfi   s   on   the   same   circuit   and   there   hasn   t   been   a   house   built   in   almost   40   years   without   a   gfi   covering   any   outlet   in   every   bathroom   the   requirement   for   this   still   persists .   i   like   that   you   can   easily   take   the   cover   of   the   fan   in   the   rear   for   cleaning .   not   many   of   the   compact   models   seem   to   have   that   feature .   overall   a   good   unit .   time   will   tell   how   durable   and   long   lasting   it   is .   i   can   only   hope   it   is   as   good   in   that   area   as   the   one   it   replaced .   update   7   21   15   well   it   is   not   very   long   lasting .   about   4   months   in   it   suddenly   started   smoking   and   got   very   hot   very   fast   did   some   nice   sparking   and   arcing ,   then   quit .   we   will   see   if   they   honor   the   warranty .
good   everyday   and   travel   size   and   has   two   heat   settings .   great   size   and   does   a   good   job .   the   detachable   black   diffuser   piece   is   extremely   hard   to   get   off   at   least   mine   was   so   consider   whether   you   will   take   it   off   and   on   often .
best   investment ! ! !   i   will   now   be   saving   money   by   going   less   to   my   hairstylist .   this   blowdryer   dried   my   hair   2x   faster   than   a   previous   blowdryer   i   had .   i   wished   i   had   bought   this   blowdryer   years   ago !
love   this   hair   dryer !   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   i   m   very   happy   with   the   quality   of   the   product .
it   didn   t   fit   me ,   i   was   not   tall   to   ...   it   didn   t   fit   me   ,   i   was   not   tall   to   fit   under   it   so   i   had   to   sit   on   a   big   chair   couton   to   fit   my   head   under   it   .   i   had   one   befor   that   the   neck   part   went   up   or   down   and   i   though   this   one   did   it   too   .
great   quality   hair   dryer   i   ve   been   looking   for   a   good   deal   on   a   hair   dryer   for   weeks   and   finally   came   across   this   one .   great   purchase .
gave   3   stars   because   it   is   advertised   as   having   2   ...   gave   3   stars   because   it   is   advertised   as   having   2   speeds   and   3   heat   settings .   it   does   but   the   heat   settings   are   fixed   to   certain   speeds .   you   cannot   have   high   speed   with   low   heat   or   low   speed   with   high   heat ,   only   high   heat   with   high   speed   or   low   heat   with   low   speed   etc .   wanted   to   control   heat   and   speed   separately .   nothing   wrong   with   unit   otherwise   but   lowered   rating   due   to   not   being   able   to   change   heat   and   speed   settings   independently .   returned   for   refund .
five   stars   fantastic   hair   dryer
five   stars   love   it ! ! !
it   is   adequate .   i   do   wish   the   prongs   of   ...   it   is   adequate .   i   do   wish   the   prongs   of   the   diffuser   were   a   more   flexible   or   softer .   it   kind   of   hurts   our   heads .
great   dryer   if   space   isn   t   an   issue   this   is   a   great   little   hairdryer   i   ordered   it   for   travel .   it   s   a   little   heavy   and   large   for   a   travel   dryer   but   most   travel   dryers   are   loud   and   cheap   and   take   forever   to   dry   your   hair .   this   one   is   as   powerful   as   a   full   size   dryer .   if   suitcase   space   isn   t   an   issue ,   this   is   the   dryer   for   you .
five   stars   it   dray   my   hair   so   quickly .   blow   hot   air .
five   stars   perfect !   small   but   powerful .
returned   i   did   not   like   this   blow   dryer   and   returned   it .   br   br   cons   br   heavy   clunky   br   air   does   not   get   hot ,   just   slightly   warm   br   leaves   hair   looking   brittle   not   silky   smooth   br   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   hair   br   34   rats   34   hair   as   it   dries   i   ve   never   had   a   blow   dryer   do   this   before   it   s   weird   br   br   pros   br   seems   to   have   powerful   airflow
five   stars   great   product
five   stars   excellent
remington   very   good   product
three   stars   the   brush   attachment   doesn   t   work   well   through   the   hair
this   thing   is   awesome !   i   was   actually   looking   for   something   else   when   i   stumbled   upon   this   and   thought   34   why   not   34   .   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   purchase .   i   have   fine   shoulder   length   hair   and   it   did   not   take   an   hour   to   dry ,   as   another   reviewer   stated .   of   course ,   i   didn   t   attempt   to   dry   my   hair   when   it   is   dripping   wet   either .   i   wrap   my   hair   in   a   towel   and   do   other   things   for   a   while   before   attempting   to   blow   dry .   anyway ,   i   was   worried   at   first   because   the   packaging   and   most   of   the   instructions   are   in   japanese .   but   i   used   it   on   the   lower   voltage   and   it   was   fine .   i   used   the   regular   brush   to   dry   my   hair ,   as   i   m   not   sure   how   to   use   the   round   brush   yet .   i   dried   most   of   my   hair   and   then   used   this   upside   down   to   give   my   hair   some   lift   and   bounce ,   which   it   did .   also ,   my   hair   does   not   look   frizzy ,   like   it   does   at   times   when   using   a   regular   blow   dryer   i   believe   because   sometimes   a   regular   blow   dryer   both   damages   and   tends   to   tangle   your   hair   .   my   hair   actually   looks   shiny   as   well   as   smooth   as   if   i   flat   ironed   it   .   i   would   give   this   a   try   if   you   are   someone   who   likes   the   look   of   their   hair   when   it   is   blow   dried   and   or   flat   ironed   but   with   what   seems   much   less   damage .   i   think   you   could   get   away   with   using   just   this   dryer   and   a   little   serum   depending   on   how   naturally   straight   your   hair   is   .   i   am   excited   to   use   this   and   try   to   figure   out   the   round   brush   too .
excellent   hair   dryer   works   very   well   thus   far .
great   powerful   and   small   for   travel   i   am   small   with   shoulder   problems   and   this   is   very   compact   and   light   weight .   it   packs   a   punch   with   power !
five   stars   excellent   item
since   my   hair   is   too   thin ,   it   dries   it   ...   since   my   hair   is   too   thin ,   it   dries   it   in   a   minute !   but   leaves   it   so   hard   frizzy   it   is   also   very ,   very   loud ! ! !   my   duaghter   loves   it ,   her   hair   is   long   and   thick ,   she   does   not   complain .   i   did   mot   return   it ,   my   daughter   uses   it .
like   the   ability   to   clean   it   does   what   its   suppose   to   do ,   like   the   ability   to   clean   it .
five   stars   very   good
awesome   love   this   hair   dryer .   dries   my   hair   in   no   time
the   nano   technology   is   great .   blow   dry   is   much   faster   than   regular   product   the   nano   technology   is   great .   blow   dry   is   much   faster   than   regular   product .   keep   my   hair   style   nice   no   dryness   .
i   m   in   love   with   this   hair   dryer   it   s   small   but   really   dry   s   ...   i   m   in   love   with   this   hair   dryer   it   s   small   but   really   dry   s   my   hair   fast   and   does   a   wonderful   job .
usually   my   hair   would   still   be   super   fluffy   and   still   kind   of   tangled   after   blow   drying   it   took   me   a   while   to   find   a   blow   dryer   that   actually   made   it   easier   to   do   my   hair   ,   usually   my   hair   would   still   be   super   fluffy   and   still   kind   of   tangled   after   blow   drying   .   i   have   really   kinky   curls   and   after   using   this   my   hair   was   almost   straight   .   i   only   used   a   flat   iron   so   it   would   be   sleek   but   this   blow   dryer   really   works   .   it   made   my   hair   shiny   and   straight   and   it   gets   really   hot   which   helps   a   great   deal .   i   totally   recommend   this   blow   dryer   to   anyone   especially   if   you   have   kinky   curly   hair   like   my   self   .
i   had   one   before   and   i   love   it .   it   s   off   the   counter   and   out   of   ...   i   had   one   before   and   i   love   it .   it   s   off   the   counter   and   out   of   the   way .
glad   i   bought   them .   works   great   looks   good   on   wall .
dries   really   fast .   i   have   to   use   a   brush   ...   dries   really   fast .   i   have   to   use   a   brush   and   brush   my   hair   while   using   this   dryer   or   else   it   is   just   an   odd   mess .   i   live   in   area   with   high   humidity   off   the   gulf   coast   and   my   hair   stays   flat   all   day !   even   straighter   than   my   straight   haired   friends .   i   do   have   to   use   another   dryer   when   i   want   to   wear   my   curls   because   this   dryer   takes   them   out .
five   stars   works   great .
spend   the   extra   money   on   this   model   i   love   the   cord   keeper   conair   dryers .   much   easier   to   store .   my   old   conair   cord   keeper   less   expensive ,   2   speed ,   2   heat   settings   wore   out   at   the   plug .   couldn   t   be   without   a   blow   dryer   so   looked   to   trusty   amazon .   i   saw   this   model   and   read   the   reviews .   i   liked   that   it   had   a   cool   setting   and   didn   t   have   to   keep , the   button   pushed   for   the   cool   shot .   i   also   like   that   it   has   the   cord   keeper .   but   the   best   feature   about   it ,   in   my   opinion ,   is   that   it   is   much   quieter   than   the   less   expensive   model .   i   get   ready   for   work   in   the   early   mornings   and   this   model   produces   a   moderate   hum ,   compared   to   the   blasting   roar   the   cheaper   model   makes .   if   a   quieter   blow   dryer   is   what   you   re   looking   for ,   with   1875   power ,   this   is   your   dryer .   worth   the   extra   money ! ! !   buy   it ,   you   won   t   be   sorry !   super   fast   delivery !   ps ,   use   the   concentrator   nozzle ,   cuts   down   on   frizz .
easy   to   use   exceeded   my   expectations .
i   love   its   compact   design   this   hair   dryer   met   all   of   my   expectations .   i   love   its   compact   design .   the   bonnet   is   large   enough   to   fit   over   rollers ,   and   on   the   medium   heat   setting   it   gets   warm   enough   to   dry   my   hair   in   10   minutes .   i   think   it   s   a   quality   product   with   a   thoughtful   design .
five   stars   works   great !   night   light   still   works   and   we   ve   had   it   over   a   year !
not   for   me ...   i   have   long   curly   hair   3b .   i   bought   this   dyer   thinking   it   would   work   wonders   on   my   hair .   first ,   i   think   it   does   a   great   job   and   dries   my   hair   very   fast .   however ,   i   would   prefer   to   have   the   teeth   longer   and   better   way   to   cup   the   hair   so   to   speak .   my   hair   gets   caught   in   the   back   and   ends   up   with   tge   burning   hair   smell .   secondly ,   i   bought   this   dyer   6   weeks   ago   and   it   s   already   broken .   amazon   is   amazing   and   agreed   to   refund   my   money .   i   think   this   would   work   better   for   women   with   short   curly   hair   more   than   anything .
five   stars   love   it .   it   fits   on   the   wall   and   it   s   out   of   the   way .   nite   lite   is   bright   also
this   blows !   bought   one   of   these   for   a   spare   bedroom   when   we   have   guests .   took   a   shower   in   there   one   day   and   loved   this   so   much   i   threw   mine   away   and   bought   one   for   myself   too .
it   s   ok   operates   like   a   very   cheap   hairdryer .   we   bought   for   our   10yr   old   daughter   and   it   s   fine   for   her .   takes   longer   to   dry   hair   than   most .   we   may   just   have   a   fluke ...
five   stars   the   vulcano   of   hair   dryers
five   stars   excelente   producto
three   stars   works   well   but   extremely   loud .
so   far   so   good .   my   husband   ordered   it   so   far   so   good .   my   husband   ordered   it ,   but   we   both   use   it .   have   had   a   similar   one   before   and   used   it   for   years .   br   hoping   this   one   last   as   long .
much   happier   with   the   other   purchase   this   blow   dryer   was   heavy   and   too   hot .   at   the   time   of   purchase   this   product   there   were   plenty   in   stock .   as   soon   as   i   got   mine   delivered .   the   product   page   shows   this   product   is   no   longer   available .   anyway ,   i   returned   it   and   got   the   babyliss   one .   much   happier   with   the   other   purchase .
three   stars   i   hope   it   last   long   than   the   one   i   got   last   year
...   much   lighter   than   the   older   model   i   had   and   love   the   different   speeds   and   power   this   is   much   lighter   than   the   older   model   i   had   and   love   the   different   speeds   and   power .
five   stars   great !
four   stars   light   is   too   bright
i   would   recommend   buying   a   few   levels   up   as   i   have   had   ...   broke   within   2   months .   i   would   recommend   buying   a   few   levels   up   as   i   have   had   those   in   the   past   and   they   do   not   break .
five   stars   i   love   this   dryer
five   stars   cheap   and   enough   for   normal   use .
five   stars   good   product
great   travel   dryer .   i   love   the   smaller   size   of   this   hair   dryer ,   which   makes   it   great   for   travel .   at   1875w ,   it   s   also   still   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   medium   length ,   thick   hair .   if   you   have   thinner   or   shorter   hair ,   it   might   be   a   good   idea   to   dry   your   hair   on   the   lower   setting .   i   also   really   like   that   this   comes   with   two   different   diffusers ,   making   it   easier   to   achieve   the   style   i   want   when   drying   my   hair .   this   product   was   provided   for   testing   purposes ,   but   all   opinions   are   my   own .
i   am   so   glad   that   i   went   with   this   one   because   it   is   ...   chose   this   particular   hair   dryer   after   comparing   the   features   with   other   similar   products .   i   am   so   glad   that   i   went   with   this   one   because   it   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   had ! !   ever ! !   i   am   not   even   talking   about   the   fact   that   drying   my   hair   time   is   cut   in   half ,   but   what   is   really   amazing   that   my   hair   looks   so   much   better .   it   suddenly   has   some   shine ,   including   the   ends   that   use   to   look   very   frizzy .   and   that   is   not   all .   i   use   round   brush   while   drying   my   hair   and   now   that   is   enough   to   lift   the   roots   of   my   hair ! .   i   use   to   use   a   product   that   suppose   to   help   lift   the   roots   and   i   hated   because   that   product   was   smelly   and   it   really   wasn   t   doing   much   ,   but   now   this   amazing   hair   dryer   makes   my   hair   look   healthy   and   even   fuller   because   of   the   lift .   br   i   love   it ! .
the   oster   wall   hair   dryer   is   convenient   and   i   am   satisfied .   although   as   always ,   the   oster   wall   hair   dryer   is   convenient   and   i   am   satisfied .   although ,   my   previous   ones   from   many   years   ago   were   somewhat   smaller .
very   useful   this   blow   dryer   is   great   .   i   use   it   all   the   time .   mainly   on   extensions .   have   not   tried   it   on   natural   hair   4a   4c   yet .   it   should   be   fine .   makes   drying   my   hair   so   much   faster   and   easier
love   it   i   can   move   around   and   sleep   in   it   just   what   i   wonted .   love   it   i   can   move   around   and   sleep   in   it .
best   damn   hair   dryer ... period !   true   story .... i   have   spent   approximately   500   700   on   different   hair   and   blow   dryers .   i   have   all   from   the   cheap   ones   to   the   expensive   ones   and   this   is   by   far   the   best   damn   blow   hair   dryer   i   ve   owned .   i   am   a   black   woman   with   natural   4c   hair   that   means   thick   and   coarse   and   typically   when   blow   drying   my   hair   it   feels   crunchy   but   this   dryer   did   not   make   my   hair   feel   like   that .   of   course   i   used   the   loc   method   with   alikay   naturals   products   before   blow   drying   my   hair   and   it   turned   out   straight   like   i   needed   it   to   be .   i   m   super   happy   and   satisfied .   also   i   used   the   hair   pick   yo   blow   dry   my   hair   and   it   did   not   pop   off   nor   did   i   break   the   teeth   in   the   pick .   dynamite !   if   it   pick   does   pop   off   just   use   heat   resistant   double   side   tape   to   keep   it   on .
five   stars   excellent   and   efficient .
absolutely   not   the   hair   dryer   for   you   if   you   have   small   hands   or   arthritis   i   should   have   read   through   more   of   the   reviews .   this   is   definitely   not   the   hair   dryer   you   want   if   you   have   arthritis .   my   husband   has   no   issues   and   even   he   thinks   it   s   too   heavy .   it   blows   great .   no   complaints   there .   just   absolutely   not   the   hair   dryer   for   you   if   you   have   small   hands   or   arthritis .
five   stars   really   good   product .
five   stars   it   is   good .
wasn   t   what   i   expected .   thought   it   would   have   been   ...   wasn   t   what   i   expected .   thought   it   would   have   been   more   powerful .
so   many   settings !   this   is   a   really   neat ,   compact   hair   dryer .   it   dried   my   shoulder   length   hair   pretty   quickly .   i   did   not   use   the   concentrator   nozzle   for   getting   my   hair   dry ,   but   i   did   use   the   thin   nozzle   with   a   round   brush   for   styling   purposes .   i   really   liked   that   this   hair   dryer   has   3   speed   settings ,   2   heat   settings ,   and   a   cool   shot   function .   i   used   all   3   of   these .   the   cool   shot   function   is   probably   my   favorite ,   it   really   34   sets   34   your   style   in   place .   the   hair   dryer   is   pretty   light   and   the   handle   is   ergonomically   designed   to   feel   good   in   your   hand ,   and   it   does .   i   do   have   to   mention   that   the   first   time   i   used   it ,   there   was   a   distinct   burning   smell ,   i   was   a   little   concerned   about   it ,   but   after   about   a   minute   or   so   into   use ,   it   stopped   and   i   haven   t   noticed   it   again   since .   also ,   the   cord   on   this   hair   dryer   is   thick ,   as   in   it   is   not   going   to   twist   and   kink   up ,   it   is   a   quality   cord   that   it   going   to   last   a   long   time .   br   all   in   all ,   this   is   a   really   good   hair   dryer ,   if   you   are   looking   for   something   on   the   smaller   side ,   something   lightweight ,   that   does   a   great   job   quickly ,   this   is   a   good   option .   br   br   anemone   wind   flower   professional   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer   provided   by   xtava .
compact   hair   dryer   great   for   small   space   and   most   international   travel   5   stars   i   needed   a   small   hair   dryer   that   would   fit   in   a   guest   bathroom   vanity   drawer ,   and   this   one   not   only   fit   but   also   works   well .   with   1875   watts ,   it   dries   even   thick   hair   quickly   when   used   on   the   high   setting .   the   handle   folds   to   make   it   more   compact   for   storage .   br   br   this   is   a   basic   hair   dryer   wiith   only   two   speeds ,   high   and   low ,   and   one   temperature   unless   you   hold   down   the   34   cool   34   button   at   the   top   of   the   handle .   it   doesn   t   have   the   bells   and   whistles   of   more   expensive   models   no   ceramic   coils   or   diffuser   or   ionic   upgrades .   the   handle   has   a   switch   to   convert   from   125   v   to   250   v ,   and   you   must   know   the   voltage   of   the   country   you   re   visiting   and   manually   change   the   setting   or   else   risk   starting   a   fire .   remember   to   change   it   back   when   you   get   home .   a   few   countries ,   however ,   use   lower   voltages   than   125   many   caribbean   countries ,   japan ,   taiwan ,   and   a   few   south   american   countries .   check   your   destination   before   you   go .   the   hair   dryer   would   be   completely   universal   if   the   power   pack   handled   a   range   between   100   250   v .   it   would   also   be   more   useful   if   it   converted   automatically   the   way   computer   chargers   do   however ,   i   ve   never   seen   an   automatic   conversion   on   a   hair   dryer .   br   br   on   american   current ,   this   is   a   powerful   little   hair   dryer .   although   most   hotels   supply   hair   dryers   these   days ,   it   works   well   for   those   times   when   either   you   re   not   sure   you   ll   find   one   and   when   you   want   to   depend   on   something   you   know .   br   br   debbie   lee   wesselmann
five   stars   i   like   it
good   stuff   it   works   for   me   well   because   i   have   thin   hair ,   if   you   have   thick   hair   or   very   long   hair ,   you   will   spend   five   hours   with   it .   it   works   well   and   is   very   comfortable .
five   stars   thanks
good   but   not   excellent   i   love   it   s   compact   design   and   it   perfectly   dries   my   hair   within   minutes .   my   4   star   review   is   due   to   the   concentrator , it   fells   off   atleast   once   in   your   5   minute   use   which   is   a   pain .   if   that   doesn   t   bother   you   then   this   is   the   perfect   dryer   which   doesn   t   occupy   a   lot   of   space   like   other   fancy   ones .
great   hari   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   drys   hair   quickly   and   without   allot   of   noise
i   have   fine   hair   but   a   lot   of   it   and   normally   takes   ...   i   have   fine   hair   but   a   lot   of   it   and   normally   takes   me   over   an   hour   to   blow   dry   my   hair .   my   hairstylist   uses   this   on   my   hair   and   it   cuts   the   drying   time   in   half ,   so   i   purchased   one   to   use   at   home .   i   don   t   know   what   i   would   do   without   it !
incredible   hair   dryer !   love   it !   a   must   have   for   any   girl !   it   really   has   revolutionized   hair   dryers   and   i   gotta   admit   i   have   owned   a   ton !   the   drying   time   is   crazy   fast !   truly   one   of   my   best   purchases   i   have   made   on   amazon !   br   thanks   amazon !
five   stars   i   like   how   big   the   diffuser   head   is .
very   pleased ! !   very   happy   with   this   dryer   as   my   last   one   was   getting   way   too   hot   and   frying   my   hair .   it   s   not   too   heavy   nor   too   loud .   all   in   all ,   i   would   recommend   this   product ! !
good   value   works   very   well !   this   thing   has   so   much   power ,   it   will   nearly   blow   the   hair   right   off   your   head ! ! !  
the   best !   my   previous   yellow   bird   lasted   over   12   years .   great   for   curly   stubborn   hair .   a   real   workhorse !   product   was   delivered   within   2   days .
speed   drying !   great   product .   cuts   dry   time   in   half   when   compared   to   other   dryers .   purchased   my   own   and   when   my   daughter   borrowed   it   she   loved   it   so   i   ordered   another   for   her   as   a   gift .   great   product   at   a   reasonable   price .
frizzy   mess   this   dryer   made   my   hair   frizzy   and   rough   feeling ,   not   what   anyone   wants   from   their   blow   dryer .   it   also   felt   cheap   and   was   loud ,   like   those   terrible   blow   dryers   in   hotel   rooms .   this   was   a   dud   and   returned .
five   stars   great
slow ,   but   effective !   takes   2   hours   to   dry ,   but   easier   to   sit   under   than   the   hard   hat   dryers !   my   hair   is   thick   shoulder   length   and   i   use   the   jumbo   pink   rollers   to   set .
nearly   set   my   hair   alight   and   blew   all   the   sockets   ...   nearly   set   my   hair   alight   and   blew   all   the   sockets   in   the   house !   br   item   returned   and   refund   awaiting !   do   not   trust   it !
great   dryer   this   dryer   has   alot   of   power , , different   heating   settings , , , i   was   just   use   to   one !   well   worth   the   money , , i   have   looked   around   and   this   is   cheaper   and   a   better   product !   well   worth   buying
cheap   but   good   i   have   extremely   thick   hair .   it   typically   takes   30   minutes   to   dry   it   all .   i   have   been   able   to   dry   my   hair   within   5   10   minutes   with   this   dryer .   the   concentrator   helps   reduce   frizz   from   my   frizzy   hair   and   makes   it   easier   to   straighten .   i   have   yet   to   use   the   diffuser   but   it   s   amazing   overall ! !
record   time   drying .   size   is   a   little   large   but   it   works   really   well   love   the   retractable   cord .
...   mail   and   it   came   in   a   cute   box   packaged   nice   and   tight   i   received   this   in   the   mail   and   it   came   in   a   cute   box   packaged   nice   and   tight .   br   it   was   shipped   in   a   timely   manner   and   came   to   me   in   perfect   condition .   br   i   love   how   compact   this   blow   dryer   is ...   i   can   take   it   with   me   when   i   go   on   vacation   and   it   wont   take   up   valuable   space   in   my   suitcase ! ! !   br   i   have   the   pink   and   black   one   and   it   is   super   cute ! !   i   love   how   stylish   it   is .   br   it   comes   with   2   attachments   diffusers   .   one   is   wider   than   the   other   one .   br   they   are   easy   to   attach   and   easy   to   use .   i   love   to   use   mine   after   blow   drying   my   hair   without   one   for   a   few   minutes   and   then   finishing   off   with   the   diffuser   leaving   my   hair   shiny   and   soft .   br   the   cord   is   long   enough   to   be   able   to   set   at   a   table   and   dry   your   hair   if   need   be   the   cord   is   strong   and   sturdy   so   it   should   last   a   long   time .   br   the   dryer   itself   is   very   powerful ..   i   could   not   believe   how   hard   it   actually   blows ..   it   comes   with   settings   so   that   you   can   pick   the   one   right   for   you   and   your   hair ..   br   i   received   this   in   exchange   for   my   honest   and   unbiased   review   and   i   really   think   this   is   a   great   blow   dryer   and   has   a   great   price ! !   br   i   will   be   using   this   for   years   to   come ! !
good   dryer   nice   design   and   the   night   light   is   an   added   bonus .
piece   of   crap   this   hairdryer   lasted   maybe   two   weeks   after   which   time   it   sounded   like   something   broke   internally   and   was   quickly   followed   by   a   burning   smell .   br   br   i   tried   taking   it   apart   to   see   if   i   could   simply   try   removing   whatever   piece   had   gotten   caught   in   the   motor   fan   to   no   avail .   br   br   thus ,   had   to   trash   it .   br   br   i   recommend   getting   a   nicer   hairdryer ... something   in   the   30   40   range   which   will   last   a   long   time .   this   was   crap   and   i   should   have   known   better  
five   stars   great   dryer ,   and   very   cheap   too !
love   it !   definitely   a   salon   style   dryer   love   it !   definitely   a   salon   style   dryer   so   much   faster   on   my   thick   hair   than   conventional   dryers .
...   was   great   drys   my   hair   very   quickly   and   packs   nicely .   i   use   this   as   a   travel   dryer   very   heavy   for   a   small   dryer   but   quality   was   great   drys   my   hair   very   quickly   and   packs   nicely .   i   use   this   as   a   travel   dryer .
this   is   perfect   for   curly   hair   this   is   perfect   for   curly   hair .   the   difuser   piece   gets   popped   in   when   you   receive   it   and   it   does   not   fall   out !   its   there   to   stay .   i   love   this   product !
five   stars   i   love   it ! ! !
love   it   just   as   well   as   my   older   one   and   ...   i   have   had   the   remington   blow   dryer   for   5   years   but   unfortunately   i   left   it   at   my   daughters   home .   i   have   called   a   few   times   to   get   her   to   ship   it   back   but   she   keeps   forgetting   so   i   bought   another .   love   it   just   as   well   as   my   older   one   and   looks   the   same   except   for   color .   found   out   my   daughter   loved   the   blow   dryer   which   is   why   she   kept   forgetting   to   mail   it   back   to   me .   we   both   would   recommend   this   hair   blower .... especially   if   you   have   thick   hair   like   we   do .   it   works   great .
good   thing   it   is   inexpensive   this   item   died   after   maybe   the   10th   time   i   used   it .   good   thing   it   is   inexpensive .   save   your   money   and   dont   buy   this ,   keep   looking .
hairdryer   installation   was   easy .   have   not   used   it   yet .   not   too   big   or   bulky .
one   hand .... yes !   love   it .   drys   my   hair   fast   and   now   i   can   dry   with   one   hand   instead   of   two   hands .   it   gets   really   hot   two .   only   use   the   small   comb   attachment .   i   wish   it   had   a   thicker   brush   attachment .
works   fine   the   wattage   is   great .   however ,   the   heat   and   fan   controls   seem   to   be   in   the   way   on   the   handle .   i   need   to   34   choke   up   34   closer   to   the   heating   area   so   that   i   don   t   accidentally   move   the   settings .
small   but   powerful   hair   dryer .   when   i   ordered   this   hair   dryer ,   i   ordered   the   black   with   pink   petals .   what   i   received   was   an   all   pink   hair   dryer .   i   was   a   little   disappointed   that   i   didn   t   receive   the   actual   hair   dryer   that   i   ordered   and   i   believe   that   the   other   hair   dryer   might   have   been   better   than   this   one .   i   have   ordered   other   hair   dryers   from   xtava   in   the   past   and   have   been   really   impressed   with   the   quality   and   performance   of   the   hair   dryers .   this   hair   dryer   is   nice   and   small ,   so   it   is   compact   and   easily   fits   even   in   a   drawer .   even   though   it   is   small   it   is   a   powerful   hair   dryer   and   does   dry   my   hair   without   frizzing   it .   to   me   it   seemed   a   little   heavy   for   it   being   such   a   small   dryer .   it   was   actually   louder   than   my   bigger   hair   dryers .   it   does   have   a   nice   long   cord   so   i   am   able   to   move   around   more   and   not   be   confined   in   standing   in   one   place .   it   does   come   with   2   attachments   1   nozzle   is   long   and   thin   and   the   other   is   shorter   and   wider .   it   does   have   3   heat   selections   low ,   medium   and   high   and   does   have   2   speeds   gentle   and   strong   .   the   feature   i   like   the   best   about   the   dryer   is   the   cool   air   which   shoots   out   a   burst   of   cool   air   and   that   is   why   my   hair   doesn   t   frizz   when   using   this   dryer .   br   i   was   able   to   receive   this   hair   dryer   so   that   i   can   provide   my   honest   opinion   and   feedback .
retractable   cord   is   awesome   the   retractable   cord   is   awesome   and   the   airflow   is   good .   very   nice   product .
one   word   amazing ! ! !   i   was   definitely   skeptical   of   paying   this   much   for   a   hair   dryer ,   especially   one   with   a   brand   that   i   have   never   even   heard   of   making   hair   dryers .   but   the   reviews   were   good   so   i   decided   i   d   give   it   a   try .   i   had   really   high   expectations   and   they   were   definitely   met !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   wavy   curly   hair   and   usually   when   i   blow   dry   it ,   it   gets   really   frizzy ,   this   blow   dryer   gets   rid   of   at   least   75   of   that   friziness ,   if   not   more .   and   the   diffuser   it   comes   with   is   amazing !   another   plus ,   is   that   it   is   soooo   much   quieter   than   any   other   blow   dryer   i   ve   ever   had ! !
this   is   absolutely   the   best   hand   hair   dryer   i   have   every   had   this   is   absolutely   the   best   hand   hair   dryer   i   have   every   had .   i   have   4b   hair   natural ,   and   it   dries   my   hair   in   less   time   and   straight !   you   will   not   go   wrong   with   this
this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   hands   down ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   the   anemone   wind   flower   1875   blow   dryer   is   amazing ! ! !   i   love   it   and   so   does   the   rest   of   my   family .   it   has   multiple   heat   speeds   and   a   cold   shot   and   trust   me   it   gets   cool   ,   i   put   it   on   cold   for   me   to   feel   and   it   was   nice   it   dried   my   hair   in   a   lot   less   time   than   most   other   blow   dryers   do   and   it   comes   with   two   removable   nozzles   so   that   you   can   dry   your   hair   anyway   you   want   to .   i   m   still   stunned   at   how   fast   my   hair   dried .   i   have   been   through   so   many   hair   dryers   and   none   of   them   came   close   to   being   this   great ! !   i   love   the   colors   of   it ,   the   blue   and   black   are   perfect   for   me   since   that   is   my   favorite   colors   br   i   have   long   hair ,   not   short   so   normally   it   really   does   take   a   lot   of   time   to   dry   my   hair .   i   m   in   love   with   this   blow   dryer .   i   love   that   you   have   the   choice   of   the   colors ,   they   are   both   really   nice   looking .   this   is   such   a   amazing   price   for   such   a   awesome   hair   dryer ! ! !   i   will   end   up   buying   another   one   just   for   my   daughter   to   have , so   she   leaves   mine   alone   br   i   received   this   at   little   or   at   no   cost   to   review   and   to   give   my   unbias   opinion   and   that   is   exactly   what   i   have   done .   i   wish   i   could   take   a   picture , but   the   picture   posted   is   exactly   what   it   looks   like  
two   stars   not   as   powerful   on   lower   power
bad   temperature   and   flow   control   heavy ,   bad   temperature   and   flow   control .   it   is   not   handy   at   all .   br   bay   bliss   hair   dryer   is   much   better   and   smaller .
good   dryer   we   actually   bought   this   for   drying   the   dog   after   his   baths .   he   likes   it   a   lot   better   than   the   others   because   it   is   much   quieter   on   the   low   speed   than   what   we   used   before .   br   if   you   are   in   a   hurry   though ,   the   high   setting   blows   a   lot   of   air ,   just   not   quite   as   much   as   your   typical   politician .
good   drier   for   the   price   for   the   price   this   is   a   good   drier .   it   did   get   a   little   heavy   while   i   was   drying   my   hair .   but   i   did   think   my   hair   looked   shinier   after .   i   would   not   call   it   professional   quality   by   any   means .   i   would   say   it   is   worth   it   if   you   re   just   looking   for   a   good   cheap   hair   dryer .
10   stars   ! !   why   wasn   t   i   using   a   remington   before .   these   are   way   better   than   the   one   i   was   using   before   from   revlon .   br   br   10   stars .
this   works   good ,   but   not   as   good   as   my   old   one   ...   this   works   good ,   but   not   as   good   as   my   old   one   that   i   got   at   walmart   for   15.00 .   it   s   a   little   heavy   and   somewhat   bulky   but   i   like   the   fact   that   the   cord   recoils   inside .   it   keeps   it   out   of   the   way ,   but   the   cord   is   not   very   long   so   you   must   stay   close   to   the   outlet .   i   have   very   long   hair   and   my   old   blow   dryer   dries   my   hair   a   lot   faster   than   this   one   does .   i   had   no   need   for   the   attachements   so   i   tossed   them   in   the   trash .   it   works   ok ,   nothing   to   write   home   about .
and   the   cool   setting ,   which   i   love   picked   this   out   after   using   it   in   a   hotel .   i   ve   had   it   in   3   or   4   hotels   since   then .   it   has   a   medium   speed   which   is   rare ,   and   the   cool   setting ,   which   i   love .   and   it   was   reasonably   priced !
five   stars   love   it
this   hair   dryer   works   well ,   dries   my   hair   quicker   ...   this   hair   dryer   works   well ,   dries   my   hair   quicker   than   others   i   ve   used   in   the   past .   my   only   complaint   is   the   weight ,   could   be   lighter .
five   stars   very   nice   and   lighter   weight   than   previous   models .   dries   well .
the   wife   likes   it   a   very   good   value   for   the   money .   the   on   off   switch   is   a   little   hard   for   arthritic   hands   to   use ,   but   not   a   deal   breaker .   dries   my   wifes   curly   hair   very   quickly .
great   hairdryer   for   the   price   this   hairdryer   is   a   definite   upgrade   from   my   old   conair   one .   it   is   fast ,   and   seems   to   leave   my   hair   nice   and   shiny .   my   hair   still   seems   a   bit   frizzy   on   top ,   but   that   could   just   be   my   hair   or   that   fact   that   i   live   in   a   very   humid   climate .   the   volume   is   pretty   good .   i   don   t   know   if   i   would   necessarily   call   it   34   quiet   34   though .   the   weight   is   also   decent ,   but   i   would   not   say   it   is   extremely   light   or   anything .   i   read   on   at   least   one   of   the   other   reviews   that   the   power   cord   was   just   a   regualr   plug ,   but   mine   was   one   of   those   safety   kinds .   overall ,   it   is   a   great   hairdryer   for   the   price !
great   blowdryer   love   this   blowdryer   don   t   like   how   the   nozzle   on   the   front   pops   off   on   it   s   own ,   but   it   has   reduced   frizz .
good   choice   quality   hair   dryer ,   this   really   moves   some   air .
great   product ,   looks   and   preformance   great   product , looks   and   preformance .
tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   work   great   cuts   down   on   frizz   when   we   got   this   hair   dryer   we   wanted   one   that   wouldn   t   cause   fly   away   hair .   this   certainly   lives   up   to   the   claims .   also   this   dryer   has   individual   controls   for   speed   and   heat .   i   really   like   that ,   because   most   of   the   time   i   don   t   need   high   heat   but   do   want   more   blowing   power .   it   also   isn   t   very   noisy   as   far   as   hair   dryers   go .
one   star   i   returned   it .
great   it   works   great .
five   stars   these   dryers   are   the   best ,   last   forever
the   hot   mode   could   be   super   hot   so   you   get   to   be   careful   powerful   hair   dryer   adding   volume   to   your   hair .   the   hot   mode   could   be   super   hot   so   you   get   to   be   careful .
awesome   best   blow   dry   ever ,   i   have   been   buying   these   for   years   ..
five   stars   good   product   for   an   amazing   price !
five   stars   great   hair   dryer .   dries   my   hair   great   for   thick   hair .
love   it .   perfect   for   travelling   love   it .   perfect   for   travelling !   i   used   this   when   i   went   to   norway   last   spring .   not   only   did   it   work   well   with   the   converter ,   it   was   also   very   high   powered   for   such   a   small   dryer .
...   had   2   originals   of   these   hair   dryers   they   worked   great   for   years   i   had   2   originals   of   these   hair   dryers   they   worked   great   for   years .   i   still   have   one   but   one   the   other   one   broke   i   reordered   this   one   must   have   cheaper   parts   it   completely   broke   in   5   months
this   is   a   nice   hair   dryer   with   all   the   options   and   attachments   i   ...   i   had   a   cord   keeper   for   years .   this   is   a   nice   hair   dryer   with   all   the   options   and   attachments   i   need .   it   is   a   bit   larger   than   my   older   version .   i   will   keep   looking   for   one   that   is   lighter   weight   and   smaller .   i   really ,   really   liked   my   older   one .
so   far   so   good .   have   it   mounted   in   the   not   quite   finished   bathroom   yet .   looks   good   so   far   but   haven   t   used   it   yet .
i   love   it   so   much   this   is   my   second   time   buying   this   hair   blower .   i   love   it   so   much !
three   stars   it   doesn   t   work   when   i   plugged   it   in   it   didn   t   work   how   do   i   return   it
this   is   a   nice   replacement   for   my   old   hair   dryer   this   is   a   nice   replacement   for   my   old   hair   dryer .   all   3   attachments   work   great   for   however   i   want   to   style   my   hair .   this   dryer   motor   is   occasionally   makes   a   loud   grinding   sound   but   it   continues   to   work .
four   stars   works   great .
junk   the   biggest   waste   of   money   i   ve   ever   spent .   this   drier   has   to   be   a   fake   t3   because   i   ve   used   a   t3   for   many   years   and   loved   it .   this   drier   however   gets   hot   enough ,   but   there   s   absolutely   no   power   behind   it   to   blow   dry   the   hair .   essentially   it   s   just   barely   blowing   while   heating   up   my   hair .   my   hair   takes   forever   to   dry   with   this   thing   and   after   its   finally   dry   it   s   a   frizzy   mess .   this   company   seems   dishonest   as   well   because   in   the   box   there   was   a   large   piece   of   paper   stating   that   they   ll   give   a   lifetime   warranty   if   i   give   a   good   review !   so   they   re   not   standing   by   their   product   but   instead   they   re   essentially   trying   to   pay   me   to   lie !   i   m   sorry ,   but   i   have   to   be   honest   and   the   drier   is   a   piece   of   junk .
this   dryer   is   fantastic .   hair   is   silky   and   smooth   when   dry   and   ...   this   dryer   is   fantastic .   hair   is   silky   and   smooth   when   dry   and   if   you   purchase   the   attachment   it   does   a   good   job   of   straightening   hair   while   drying   it .   i   would   purchase   again .
piece   of   crap !   do   not   buy !   lasted   1   week !   gets   hot   and   quits   in   less   then   3   minutes   needs   to   cool   off   then   will   work   for   another   3   minutes !   br   aggravating   and   not   worth   the   time   to   order   this   product .
a   must   have   for   foreign   travel   i   travel   frequently   and   love   this   hairdryer   because   the   dual   voltage   allows   me   to   use   it   anywhere   and   it   is   light   to   handle   and   small   to   pack   in   my   luggage .
but   it   also   doesn   t   seem   to   make   my   hair   like   a   burnt   crisp   does   the   job .   dries   my   hair .   not   fast ,   but   it   also   doesn   t   seem   to   make   my   hair   like   a   burnt   crisp .   so ,   all   good .
it   s   an   ok   drier   but   there   are   so   many   better   options   out   there   with   a   stronger   motor   it   s   an   ok   drier   but   there   are   so   many   better   options   out   there   with   a   stronger   motor .   the   airflow   is   weak   even   on   the   highest   setting .   it   says   its   a   1875w   drier   but   it   dries   the   hair   more   like   a   1200w   one .   also   it   is   quite   bulky .   it   does   reduce   frizz   and   improve   the   shine .   br   br   i   recommend   it   to   a   person   with   short   and   fine   hair .   if   you   have   coarse   or   curly   hair ,   i   wouldn   t   pick   this   one .
good   price .   arrived   ahead   of   schedule ,   good   price .
direct   replacement   small ,   easy   to   mount .   does   the   job
size   is   great   and   very   compact   just   what   we   wanted .   size   is   great   and   very   compact .
five   stars   love   it   and   use   it   daily .   so   convenient .
this   is   honestly   the   best   hair   dryer   ever   where   has   this   been   my   whole   life   !   this   is   honestly   the   best   hair   dryer   ever .
excellent   product   great   product   i   read   reviews   so   kept   my   unit   on   low !   wow !   low   gets   really   hot   so   it   does   the   job   so   far   woo   hoo ! ! ! ! !
you   will   be   replacing   the   unit   every   two   years   or   so .   bought   this   item   twice .   the   first   unit   lasted   about   two   years   which   i   thought   was   a   bit   short   but   it   was   convenient ,   worked   well   and   seemed   worth   a   second   try .   maybe   the   one   i   got   just   was   not   a   good   one .   our   use   was   far   from   excessive .   it   was   mounted   in   a   master   bath   where   only   my   wife   and   i   used   it .   we   both   have   short   hair .   br   the   second   unit   i   purchased   had   an   additional   issue .   though   the   price   was   about   the   same ,   the   cord   from   the   unit   base   to   the   wall   outlet   was   significantly   shorter   than   on   the   first .   i   guess   they   saved   a   few   bucks   by   providing   a   shorter   outlet   cord   now   about   2   3   fee   t .   i   accommodated   this   though   the   wall   setup   did   not   look   as   tidy   as   the   first   unit   as   i   did   not   have   a   long   enough   cord   to   reach   the   outlet .   the   bigger   concern   is   that   2   years   later   it   stopped   functioning   again .   br   rather   than   buy   another   wall   mounted   unit ,   i   bought   an   aluminum   generic   hair   dryer   wall   mount   http   smile . amazon . com   gp   product   b00fs0eflm   ref   oh   aui   detailpage   o01   s00   ie   utf8   psc   1   and   purchased   an   inexpensive   hair   dryer   than   i   can   easily   replace   in   the   future   as   the   need   arises .
five   stars   very   good .   pleasantly   surprise
this   dryer   is   awesome ,   the   accessory   allows   me   to   pinpoint   a   section   ...   this   dryer   is   awesome ,   the   accessory   allows   me   to   pinpoint   a   section   of   hair   for   styling   drying   purposes   and   has   a   cool   setting   which   sets   the   style   in   place ,   handle   does   not   fold   in   but   luckily   i   have   drawer   space .
five   stars   excellent !
five   stars   excellent   product ,   very   good   at   relationship   between   quality   vs   price ,   recommended   100  
five   stars   is   kind   of   different   to   the   picture   one ,   but   the   stylish   on   my   hair   it   was   as   expected
five   stars   very   powerful   for   such   a   small   blow   dryer .
feh   i   gave   it   one   star   because   there   are   none   lower .   it   did   not   work   in   israel   even   though   we   had   top   of   the   line   converters .   in   america ,   it   was   wimpy   and   hard   to   hold .   the   voltage   switcher   on   the   dryer   did   not   really   exist .   find   another   one .
five   stars   good
great   hairdryer   great   hairdryer .   powerful   but   not   too   heavy   and   bulky .   like   it   very   much .
five   stars   great   hairdryer   and   very   quiet !
dont   buy .   broke   after   2   uses .   but   it   couldnt   be   returned   because   i   was   in   a   different   country
reduced   drying   time !   so   far ,   i   like   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   very   strong   and   has   really   helped   cut   down   on   my   dry   time .
four   stars   a   gift   no   feedback   from   recipient .
five   stars   great ,   love   it
five   stars   good   hairdryer !
quality   product   two   buttons   means   you   can   control   the   fan   speed   and   temperature   independently   which   is   a   very   good   thing .   this   is   a   good   hair   dryer ,   better   than   the   discount   store   cheapies   but   it   is   a   good   price ,   and   good   quality   too .   highly   recommended .
this   is   the   best ! !   this   is   the   best ! ! !   works   great   for   hair !   annnd   my   hubby   decided   to   use   it   to   take   decals   off   our   truck ....   he   used   it   for   4   hrs   straight   on   high   heat   and   i   was   a   bit   nervous   it   would   die   out   on   me   pretty   quick   afterward   but   its   4   mos   later   and   still   as   good   as   when   i   bought   it ! !   very   happy   with   this   product ! !
daughter   loves   it .   this   was   a   birthday   present   for   my   long   haired   daughter   and   she   loves   it .
it   dries   my   hair   it   dries   your   hair .   not   much   else   to   say .
five   stars   i   had   this   blow   dryer   before   but   i   dropped   it   had   to   get   another   one .   and   i   luv   it
perfect   size   my   wife   like   the   power   and   size .   i   think   it   is   a   bit   loud .   easy   to   mount   and   it   doesn   t   take   up   much   space .
great   power .   i   shouldn   t   have   waited   so   long   to   ...   great   power .   i   shouldn   t   have   waited   so   long   to   purchase   it .   dries   hair   more   quickly   than   any   other   dryer   by   far !   worth   the   extra   money .
good   for   daily ,   personal   use .   my   previous   dryer   finally   died .   i   really   like   this   one .   it   doesn   t   collapse ,   but   that   was   one   of   the   breaking   points   on   my   previous   one .   i   like   the   variation   in   temperatures   speed .   i   took   off   the   nozzle   because   it   seemed   to   concentrate   the   air   too   much ...   i   don   t   really   like   to   spend   too   much   time   on   my   hair ,   just   the   minimum   to   make   it   look   good .   the   diffuser   seems   pretty   good ,   but   i   haven   t   tried   to   dry   my   hair   curly   yet .   i   really   like   that   the   back   vent   can   be   cleaned .
five   stars   great   blow   dryer   definitely   better   then   i   was   expecting
hair   dryer   bought   for   a   present .. was   well   liked !
five   stars   great   for   traveling .   it   takes   up   very   little   space   and   weighs   next   to   nothing !
lightweight ,   cheap ,   and   relatively   quiet   i   decided   to   purchase   this   hair   dryer   after   using   it   during   a   recent   hotel   stay .   i   was   drawn   to   the   fact   that   it   does   not   emanate   the   same   high   pitched   tone   that   my   prior   conair   makes   which   is   also   an   1875   but   has   added   features   such   as   cool   air   and   turbo   settings   .   i   m   very   happy   with   my   purchase .   the   hair   dryer   is   very   lightweight ,   cheap ,   and   hot   enough   to   get   the   job   done .   most   importantly   to   me ,   i   don   t   feel   like   i   m   damaging   my   hearing   when   i   use   it .   i   highly   recommend   it .
great   value !   excellent   dryer   for   the   price !   i   ve   owned   hot   tools   and   other   conair   dryers   in   the   past ,   and   so   far   this   one   has   been   the   best .   i   bought   this   one   to   replace   my   older   model   conair   dryer   that   went   out   after   4   years   of   use .   i   really   like   that   this   one   has   the   switch   for   the   cool   setting ,   rather   than   having   to   hold   the   blue   button   to   get   the   cold   blast   although   it   still   has   that   button   as   an   option   .   it   s   not   as   quiet   as   my   last   dryer ,   but   my   hair   gets   dryer   faster   without   drying   out   the   ends   or   creating   static .   my   hair   actually   looks   more   shiny   silky   after   using   this   one   than   it   did   with   the   older   model .
five   stars   excellent   produce
just   the   right   size .   for   the   price ,   this   is   a   great   little   hairdryer .   folds   nicely .   wish   it   had   a   retractable   cord ,   though .
five   stars   nice
excellent   hair   dryer   xtava   rimini   1800w   iconic   hair   dryer   with   diffuser   is   awesome !   it   s   light   weight ,   heats   up   quickly   and   works   wonderfully .   the   diffuser   helps   keep   hair   frizz   free   and   shiny ,   which   is   great .   there   are   not   only   three   heat   levels ,   but   two   power   levels ,   so   there   are   loads   of   options   to   get   the   perfect   setting   for   you ! !   br   br   i   am   thrilled   to   have   had   the   opportunity   to   review   this   xtava   hair   dryer .   all   opinions   are   my   own   and   not   influenced   in   any   way .
plenty   of   power !   just   wish   the   tube   was   longer .   if   your   hair   is   too   near   the   air   intake ,   it   sucks   it   in .   otherwise   very   good   product .
love   this   blow   dryer !   i   was   in   desperate   need   of   a   new   blow   dryer   but   very   hesitant   to   purchase   because   i   have   attempted   twice   over   the   years   to   get   a   new ,   updated   one   but   both   broke   quickly   and   didn   t   work   as   good   as   my   15   year   old   blow   dryer .   the   xtava   rimini   1500w   ionic   hair   dryer   really   surprised   me .   i   mean ,   really .   first ,   it   is   insanely   lightweight   i   think   they   say   ultra   lightweight   .   there   are   3   heat   levels   and   2   power   levels   and   it   comes   with   two   attachments   a   diffuser   to   help   eliminate   frizz   and   give   more   volume   and   a   concentrator   nozzle   for   focusing   on   just   one   area   of   your   hair   to   dry   that   area   more   rapidly .   br   br   now ,   for   how   it   performed   i   have   long ,   wavy ,   medium   thickness   hair   and   lots   of   it   that   tends   to   get   frizzy   with   heat   products   so   i   limit   them !   i   generally   spend   35   40   minutes   to   get   this   hair   dried   with   a   blow   dryer .   this ,   combined   with   the   fact   that   i   was   in   a   bad   car   accident   and   it   can   get   really   painful   when   i   am   styling   my   hair   for   so   long   means   i   throw   mousse   in   and   let   it   air   dry   wavy   curly   more   often   than   not .   not   anymore .   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   br   br   it   took   only   20   minutes   to   completely   dry   my   hair   with   the   diffuser .   and ,   my   hair   looked   fabulous .   it   made   my   hair   so   smooth   and   soft   and   with   no   frizz ! ! !   i   didn   t   need   to   use   extra   smoothing   lotions   or   serums   like   i   usually   do !   the   cool   shot   button   helps   to   set   the   style   and   it   also   helps   reduce   frizz   and   boost   shine   my   old   one   didn   t   have   one   of   these !   br   br   i   cannot   recommend   this   enough !   i   wish   amazon   wasn   t   out   of   stock   so   i   could   purchase   one   for   my   sister .   she   s   always   replacing   hair   dryers   too !   br   br   i   received   this   product   in   exchange   for   an   unbiased ,   honest   review .  
four   stars   nice   and   lightweight !
five   stars   awesome
buy   it ,   you   ll   love   it !   the   best   wall   mounted   dryer   i   ve   found !   i   also   love   the   little   night   light   as   it   s   enough   to   light   my   way   to   the   bathroom   at   night !
perfect   hair   dryer   at   a   reasonable   price   24   way   better   than   my   previous   dryer .   i   was   cheap .   i   was   trying   to   save   money   for   a   while ...   in   the   worst   ways   possible .   i   ended   up   buying   this   11   dryer   because   it   was   cheap .   and   for   a   year ,   i   went   around   with   wet   hair .   i   tried   to   tell   myself   that   it   was   okay   because   of   all   the   money   i   was   saving .   but   it   did   not   feel   okay .   i   finally   ended   up   getting   this   dryer   though   and   it   was   like   night   and   day .   this   dryer   works   so   quickly .   it   makes   you   save   time   and   time   is   the   most   precious   resource   of   all .   it   will   dry   hair   quickly   and   efficiently .   i   do   not   use   any   of   the   attachments   that   come   with   it .   but   if   you   style   your   hair ,   just   know ,   those   are   options   too .
but   otherwise   a   good   machine .   just   with   the   bonnet   was   easier   to   fit   over   rollers .   but   otherwise   a   good   machine .
five   stars   i   love   the   item .   it   has   become   very   much   easier   to   dry   my   dreds .   thank   you !
great   invention !   i   really   like   this   little   helper   and   bought   a   second   one   for   a   friend .   i   find   that   my   travel   sized   hairdryer   works   best   in   this .
best   dryer   ever ! !   the   best   dryer   ever ,   i   go   through   hair   dryers   like   crazy ,   finally   i   have   found   one   i   love !
five   stars   perfect   size   for   travel   but   still   really   powerful .
five   stars   good
two   stars   its   super   loud   and   kind   of   heavy .   i   dont   really   know   if   i   like   it .   dont   recommend
the   voltage   switch   was   broken ...   could   not   ...   the   voltage   switch   was   broken ... could   not   use   it   on   my   trip   oversees .   would   not   refund   me   because   too   much   time   had   passed .   big   rip   off
had   mine   for   seven   years   i   had   this   hair   dryer   for   approximately   seven   years   before   it   finally   broke .   i   never   used   any   of   the   attachments   so   i   can   t   comment   on   those ,   but   the   blow   dryer   itself   worked   great .   what   finally   broke   was   actually   the   cord   it   seems .   if   you   held   the   cord   where   it   attached   to   the   base   at   just   the   right   angle   it   would   work   again ,   so   the   dryer   itself   was   actually   still   kicking   after   7   years .
five   stars   love   this .
five   stars   my   home   use   blower .   works   well !
five   stars   looks   and   works   great
four   stars   girlfriend   likes   it .   however ,   doesn   t   feel   as   powerful   as   the   previous   version
five   stars   drys   my   hair   fast   and   effectively  
excellent   buy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   i   love   it ,   i   have   been   trying   to   find   one   for   two   years .
great !   i   had   a   34   professional   34   hair   dryer   and   it   broke ,   i   picked   this   one   based   on   the   reviews   and   the   price   and   i   love   it .   it   takes   me   15   min   to   dry   my   medium   hair   and   it   doesnt   cause   a   lot   of   frizz .
four   stars   buen   producto
good   hair   dryer .   i   like   the   silky   feel   this   hair   dryer   gives   my   hair .   i   bought   the   same   kind   to   replace   an   old   one .
best   purchase   great   dryer ,   convenient   wall   access
four   stars   this   dryer   is   hard   to   turn   on   and   off
five   stars   great   for   blowouts ! ! !
happy   i   purchased ,   gets   the   job   done .   as   much   as   i   hate   to   admit   it ,   in   conjunction   with   the   cricket   technique   400   thermal   brush ,   my   hair   is   as   closest   to   a   salon   blowout   as   i   have   ever   gotten   it !   it   feels   light   and   airy   like   it   does   when   i   leave   my   hairdresser .   it   is   relatively   quiet ,   the   design   is   very   nice   i   like   the   smoothness   of   the   handle .   love   that   it   comes   with   concentrator   and   diffuser   as   i   use   both   since   i   have   naturally   curly   curly   hair !   i   am   pleased   with   this   and   will   update   later   if   need   be   because   i   just   received   it   in   the   mail   today .   i   also   have   long   hair   and   didn   t   have   a   problem   with   the   back   as   some   others   have .
five   stars   i   looooove   looooove   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   lightweight   and   has   cut   my   drying   time   in   half !
great !   best   hairdryer   ever !
i   had   on   of   these   for   12   years .   it   ...   i   had   on   of   these   for   12   years .   it   finally   gave   up   the   ghost .   works   perfectly   and   is   so   convenient   to   have   right   on   the   bathroom   wall .   added   bonus   more   wattage   with   the   new   one !
i   like   the   temperature   settings   of   cool   i   like   the   temperature   settings   of   cool ,   warm   and   hot   but   would   like   this   dryer   more   if   the   flow   of   air   were   stronger   when   set   on   high .   it   seems   to   take   longer   for   my   hair   to   dry   with   this   dryer .
five   stars   amazing
five   stars   works   well
great   product   this   hair   dryer   works   super   well .   i   don   t   find   the   sound   level   much   different   from   other   hair   dryers   as   some   have   complained .   i   appreciate   all   of   the   different   settings   3   heat   settings ,   hi   med   low   power ,   and   teh   different   wattage   rankings   .   the   concentrater   actually   stays   on   the   dryer ,   which   is   not   what   i   have   experienced   in   the   past .   also ,   the   cord   retraction   is   not   perfect   it   sometimes   leaves   an   extra   6   inches   out ,   but   i   actually   find   it   better   than   other   cord   retraction   models .   since   it   is   a   full   size   blow   dryer ,   i   don   t   expect   it   to   be   compact   and   the   additional   cord   is   a   non   issue   for   me .   glad   i   happened   upon   this   model .
disappointing   i   have   had   this   blowdryer   for   about   a   year   and   it   already   died .   ironically ,   it   is   the   most   expensive   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   bought   and   shortest   life   as   well .   disappointing ...
best   blowdryer   ever   best   blowdryer   ever .   this   is   my   second   t3   because   the   airline   broke   my   first   one   pitching   my   luggage .   drys   super   fast   and   less   damaging .
love   love
five   stars   just   prefect   for   me .
five   stars   works ,   retractable   cord   is   nice
but   so   far   so   good   i   have   not   had   chance   to   use   it   allot ,   but   so   far   so   good  
four   stars   great   dryer ,   just   a   little   heavy   and ... the   buttons   are   very   flat ,   making   it   hard   to   slide   on   and   off .
four   stars   so   far   works   well !
i   liked   it   so   much   i   brought   it   home   and   took   ...   i   purchased   this   for   my   vacation   home .   i   liked   it   so   much   i   brought   it   home   and   took   the   more   expensive   dryer   i   was   using   at   home   to   my   vacation   home .
great   buy !   as   advertised ,   works   great   much   faster   than   my   precious   dryer .   the   buttons   on   the   handle   are   a   bit   awkward   but   i   ll   get   used   to   it .
five   stars  
not   the   greatest   hairdryer   cons   too   big   to   be   a   good   travel   dryer   not   very   powerful ,   even   on   the   highest   setting   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   my   hair ,   and   it   s   super   short   does   not   seem   very   sturdy   pros   relatively   quiet   decreases   frizz
more   cheap   chinese   junk   this   unit   began   to   self   destruct   this   morning   discharging   internal   shrapnal   and   vibrating   while   releasing   a   death   sound .   br   despite   being   treated   with   the   utmost   respect   it   will   join   the   pile   of   cheap   chinese   junk   i   have   accumulated   over   the   years   br   it   almost   made   it   to   it   s   second   birthday .   pitiful   br   i   purchased   a   panasonic   and   a   seperate   wall   bracket   as   a   replacement   br   it   is   most   likely   chinese   made   as   well   but   the   design   should   long   outlast   generics
...   i   can   tell   you   that   this   blowdryer   will   be   perfect   for   anyone   i   amd   black   and   i   have   natural   hair   and   i   can   tell   you   that   this   blowdryer   will   be   perfect   for   anyone !
find   a   different   one   i   got   this   and   was   excited   because   of   the   reviews .   it   does   dry   my   hair   but   takes   longer   than   my   drugstore   dryer ,   but   might   be   healthier .   the   attachments   do   not   stay   on   making   them   almost   useless .   i   tried   to   return   it   but   my   husband   threw   away   the   box ,   so   i   m   stuck .   i   can   say   it   s   pretty   and   i   like   the   cool   shot ,   but   it   does   not   lock   as   described .... you   have   to   hold   it   down   the   whole   time .   also ,   the   plug   is   too   narrow .   it   keeps   coming   unplugged   because   it   s   too   loose .   it   s   easy   to   accidentally   change   settings   or   turn   it   off   when   in   use   because   of   button   placement ,   but   starting   to   get   use   to   it .
five   stars   no   complaint .   it   is   very   powerful   for   the   size .
was   great   while   it   lasted   was   great   while   it   lasted ,   but   the   first   time   i   tripped   over   the   cord   it   toppled   over   and   never   worked   again ... and   it   had   been   90   days ,   so   no   refund   or   exchange .
five   stars   i   like   this   product
four   stars   my   bathroom   looks   neater
revlon   blow   drier   i   bought   this   as   a   gift   br   and   the   person   really   likes   this
five   stars   my   daughter   loves
five   stars   excellent   product .   recommended .
this   hairdryer   is   great !   it   has   3   choices   of   speed   and   3   ...   this   hairdryer   is   great !   it   has   3   choices   of   speed   and   3   heat   settings ,   cool ,   warm   and   hot .   this   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   had ! !
it   s   not   bad .   it   gets   the   job   done .   it   s   a   hair   dryer .   i   don   t   think   it   s   horrible ,   but   it   s   not   spectacular ,   not   like   some   of   the   other   xtava   products   i   have   used   in   the   past .   it   doesn   t   look   it ,   but   it   is   lightweight   and   it   s   a   really   nice   color   blue .   it   comes   with   two   attachments   a   big   customized   diffuser   and   a   concentrated   nozzle   for   targeting   styling .   the   diffuser   was   a   little   difficult   to   get   on .   it   didn   t   fit   as   good   as   the   concentrated   nozzle .   i   also   liked   that   it   has   a   long   cord   which   made   it   easier   for   me   to   move   around   when   needed .   this   rimini   hair   dryer   comes   with   three   heat   levels ,   two   power   levels   and   a   cool   shot   button   to   set   your   style .   the   different   settings   and   attachments   did   make   it   easier   when   styling   my   hair .   i   could   set   them   to   what   ever   i   needed   them   to   be ,   when   i   needed   them .   i   ve   never   uses   such   a   big   diffuser   like   this   before .   it   did   dry   my   hair   quickly ,   but   i   have   very   fine   hair ,   so   i   don   t   need   a   lot   of   heat .   it   did   help   with   the   frizz   and   left   my   hair   feeling   smooth .   i   felt   that   it   could   have   had   a   bit   more   power   to   it ,   but   it   was   okay .   for   people   with   thicker   hair ,   it   might   take   a   little   longer   to   dry .   overall ,   this   hair   dryer   was   not   bad ,   it   does   what   a   hair   dryer   is   suppose   to   do   and   gets   the   job   done .   it   s   very   easy   to   use   and   with   all   the   different   settings   and   attachments ,   it   s   convenient   too .   br   br   disclosure   i   was   not   financially   compensated   for   this   post .   the   opinions   are   my   own   and   based   on   my   personal   experience   with   the   product .   i   received   one   or   more   of   the   products   mentioned   above   for   free   for   my   unbiased   and   honest   opinion .   regardless ,   i   will   only   recommend   products   or   services   i   use   personally   and   or   believe   will   be   good   for   my   readers .
i   like   i   like
perfect   fit   this   blow   dryer   is   the   first   i   have   owned   that   truly   fits   my   needs .   i   have   very ,   very   curly   hair   so   i   am   always   looking   for   ways   and   tools   that   maky   hair   maintenance   easier .   this   blow   dryer   works   magic   on   my   hair .   it   straightens   it   so   fast   which   really   saves   me   on   time .   i   have   small   hands   so   the   way   this   dryer   is   shaped   makes   it   easy   to   hold   and   use .   it   isn   t   very   heavy   which   adds   to   its   ease   of   use .   br   br   out   of   the   three   attachments ,   i   use   the   34   big   comb   34   right   after   washing   my   hair   and   the   34   small   comb   34   for   touch   ups .   i   would   say   without   a   good   thermal   balm ,   heat   protectant ,   etc ...   it   make   be   a   little   freezy .   since   my   hair   is   so   curly ,   i   am   uses   to   using   such   products   so   if   you   dont ,   you   may   want   to .   br   br   the   heat   dial   only   has   3   ranges   which   i   thought   would   be   an   issue .   i   would   say   medium   is   good   for   most   people .   i   have   never   had   a   problem   with   not   getting   the   right   temperature   for   my   needs .   br   br   overall ,   i   am   happy   with   my   purchase .   it   doesnt   break   the   bank   yet   works   better   than   any   other   blow   dryer   i   have   had .   it   saves   me   a   lot   of   time   because   of   how   good   of   a   job   it   does .   i   would   consider   this   a   must   buy .
dries   my   hair   super   fast .   nice   feel   to   the   dryer   arrived   when   it   was   supposed   to .   dries   my   hair   super   fast .   nice   feel   to   the   dryer .   great   price .   what   more   can   you   ask   for  
in   the   beginning   things   were   fine ,   i   just   started   using   it   2weeks   ago   even   ...   in   the   beginning   things   were   fine   ,   i   just   started   using   it   2weeks   ago   even   though   i   bought   it   months   ago .   with   2week   3   times   a   week   of   use   the   thing   has   already   died   on   me .   this   is   not   something ,   i   would   buy   again .   it   didn   t   flat   out   die   ,   it   started   declining   in   performance .
five   stars   dries   my   hair   fast
great   hair   dryer   i   needed   a   new   hair   dryer   as   my   girlfriend   borrowed   my   babyliss   pro   tt .   the   remington   works   great .   everything   works   as   it   should   and   it   puts   out   a   bunch   of   air   and   cools   down   quickly   when   you   are   through   using   it .   easy   to   regulate   the   temperature   and   the   unit   has   great   fit   and   finish .   the   one   item   worth   noting   is   that   the   remington   is   about   a   quarter   pound   heavier   than   the   babyliss   which   may   be   an   issue   if   you   use   it   for   long   periods   of   time .   i   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer .
pretty   design ,   however   i   didn   t   notice   any   difference   in   ...   pretty   design ,   however   i   didn   t   notice   any   difference   in   lack   of   frizz   or   shine   that   is   associated   with   ionic   dryers .
ergonomics   is   perfect .   it   has   a   dust   filter   that   you   can   ...   very   well   made .   ergonomics   is   perfect .   it   has   a   dust   filter   that   you   can   remove   and   clean   out .   the   plug   has   a   breaker   switch .   the   main   power   switch   is   in   the   handle .   this   dryer   can   be   used   in   a   salon   setting .
med   is   hor   and   hot   is   super   hot !   my   old   dryer   similar   to   this   lasted   ...   just   pyrchased   this ,   but   it   works   well .   low   is   hot   enough   for   thin   hair .   med   is   hor   and   hot   is   super   hot !   my   old   dryer   similar   to   this   lasted   years .   we   ll   see   about   this   one .
five   stars   great
great   blow   dryer !   love   the   diverse   settings !   does   a   great   job   of   drying   my   thick   hair   quicker   than   other   dryers   i   have   tried .
four   stars   i   am   extremely   happy   that   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer !   i   have   lots   of   fine   hair   and   it   dries   my   hair   in   about   30   35   minutes .   it   does   get   pretty   hot   so   i   suggest   a   setting   around   50   55 .   it   s   very   top   heavy   so   heed   the   directions   and   secure   it   somehow .   i   do   have   to   say ,   the   first   thing   my   husband   said   when   he   saw   it   was   are   you   going   to   the   moon   as   it   does   look   like   a   space   helmet .   the   directions   are   not   very   clear   but   i   managed   to   put   it   together   just   fine   by   myself   and   it   s   very   sturdy .   i   definitely   would   recommend   this   dryer .
love !   dries   my   extremely   thick ,   long   hair   quickly .   i   use   leave   in   conditioner ,   brush   out   with   my   wet   brush   and   then   use   the   comb   attachment   to   dry .   it   takes   60   10   min .   this   is   unheard   of   for   me .   its   also   fairly   quiet .   my   friends   are   sick   or   hearing   about   it   so ,   i   thought   i   d   tell   amazonians ...   i   really   love   this   hair   dryer !
five   stars   this   is   a   good   hair   dryer .   it   s   the   4th   one   that   i   ve   bought   over   several   years .
five   stars   excellent .   small .   no   negatives .
i   love   that   this   comes   with   a   little   diffuser   i   love   that   this   comes   with   a   little   diffuser .   for   a   little   guy ,   it   does   a   very   good   job .
five   stars   exec
i   d   definitely   recommend   it !   the   hair   dryer   is   soooo   light   and   can   dry   my   medium   to   heavy   hair   in   about   5   minutes .   the   only   negative   is   that   it   is   kind   of   large   and   difficult   to   store ,   but   besides   that ,   i   d   definitely   recommend   it !
good   product   second   one   i   purchased   for   wife   and   daughter
looking   good   good   settings   nice   flow   real   smooth
compact   and   powerful !   very   compact ,   easy   for   travel   packing ,   and   works   very   well .   for   such   a   small   dryer ,   it   packs   a   lot   of   power ,   and   barely   takes   much   longer   than   my   full   size   dryer ,   to   to   it   s   job .   folds ,   and   takes   up   1   3   the   space   though ,   and   comes   with   a   cute   case ,   and   2   attachments
great   dryer ,   until   cord   stops   retracting   great   dryer   except   that   the   retractable   cord   stops   completely   retracting .   i   replaced   the   first   one   under   warranty   after   about   9   months .   within   about   another   9   months   the   second   dryer   s   retractable   cord   would   not   retract   completely .   i   followed   the   directions   as   to   how   to   retract   the   cord .   the   warranty   only   covers   12   months   from   original   purchase   date   so   i   am   now   out   of   luck   as   far   as   getting   a   new   one .
five   stars   better   than   any   hair   dryer   i   have   had .   great   product .
the   options   are   great !   it   has   several   heat   settings   and   several   speeds .   the   options   are   great !
four   stars   works   great .
not   as   good   as   mentioned .   i   read   all   the   great   reviews   and   decided   to   give   it   a   try .   i   was   a   little   disappointed .   it   takes   a   little   longer   to   dry   instead   of   the   faster   way   the   review   mentioned .   it   is   also   not   as   hot   as   my   regular   cheaper   blower .
five   stars   works   like   it   should .
conair   delivers   again   looks   great ,   works   great ,   cord   isn   t   too   short   a   pet   peeve   ,   and   i   love   that   it   has   more   than   2   settings   like   many   dryers   these   days .   i   can   even   give   my   dogs   a   little   help   drying   off   in   the   winter   since   i   can   change   up   the   settings   the   moment   it   s   a   bit   too   hot   or   cool   without   going   too   far   the   opposite   direction .   really   liking   the   product   so   far .   for   me ,   conair   has   always   delivered .
definetely   this   hair   dryer   sucks ,   it   did   not   last   not   even   30   days   definetely   this   hair   dryer   sucks ,   it   did   not   last   not   even   30   days .   i   only   used   once   a   day ,   it   got   burned   out .   i   regret   not   to   pay   attention   to   the   bad   reviews   which   they   were   saying   the   thruth .
great   product .   have   used   similar   dryer   for   20   years   ...   great   product .   have   used   similar   dryer   for   20   years   in   2   bathrooms .   this   model   seems   quieter   but   still   has   the   power .
five   stars   love   it !   small   but   powerful !
four   stars   i   like   it
five   stars   love   this   dryer !   looks   sharp ,   cut   my   hair   drying   time   in   half !
five   stars   good   value ,   great   price !
very   happy   with   product   this   has   met   all   my   expectations .   very   happy   with   product
it   performs   better   than   expected   she   loves   it .   it   performs   better   than   expected .   congrats   on   selling   a   great   product   and   thanks   for   asking .
great   value   results !   but   packaging   peels   over   time .   first   amazon   review ...   so   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   as   my   main   hairdryer   at   home .   i   typically   use   the   warm   setting .   overall ,   great   finish   and   works   very   well .   despite   me   using   the   warm   not   hot   setting ,   the   thin   film   of   plastic   over   the   barrel   and   handle   slowly   started   to   peel   off .   not   a   big   deal ,   but   definitely   worth   noting ,   in   case   that   bothers   you .   it   s   doesn   t   look   so   pretty   now ,   and   i   ve   had   it   for   about   a   year .   br   br   overall ,   great   value   for   the   money   and   excellent   results ,   but   the   packaging   i   d   give   a   4   10 ,   they   could   have   done   better .
excellent   for   wimpy   armed   folks   like   me !   my   revlon   hair   dryer   started   sparking   and   died   in   january ,   a   few   days   after   the   one   year   warranty   expired   yay !   not .   so   i   needed   to   find   a   quick   replacement .   i   ve   been   pleasantly   surprised   with   this   dryer   so   far !   i   have   very   thick   hair   that   usually   takes   forever   to   dry ,   even   with   a   dryer ,   but   this   one   is   nice   and   light   and   doesn   t   make   my   arm   feel   like   it   s   going   to   snap   off   after   holding   it   for   a   few   minutes .   probably   the   smartest   part   of   the   design   is   the   honeycomb   pattern   over   the   back   it   s   pretty   much   impossible   for   my   hair   to   get   through   it   and   get   stuck   in   the   blades .   that   makes   drying   much   easier ,   since   i   can   move   the   dryer   through   my   hair   without   worrying   about   sudden   onset   baldness   and   pain .   br   br   it   s   not   too   loud ,   and   it   s   definitely   quieter   than   my   old   dryer .   my   only   minor   complaint   is   that   the   nozzle   is   that   what   it   s   called   the   duckbill   looking   thing   that   concentrates   air   will   occasionally   fly   off   in   the   middle   of   drying .   i   m   not   sure   if   that   s   force   from   the   air ,   or   from   moving   the   dryer   around ,   but   it   s   not   quite   as   secure   as   it   could   be .   other   than   that ,   i   m   completely   satisfied   with   this   dryer   and   the   fun   color   is   a   plus ,   too !
it   is   beautiful ,   i   ordered   a   white   one   it   is   beautiful ,   i   ordered   a   white   one ,   i   really   like   this   color !   the   size   is   good   and   it   has   really   nice   design .   i   got   it   on   time .   i   love   it   so   much .   it   is   easy   to   take !
it   is   the   best   one   i   ever   had   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   it   usually   takes   a   long   time   to   blow   dry .   not   with   this   dryer !   it   is   the   best   one   i   ever   had .   i   could   not   believe   the   price   was   so   good .   love   it !
five   stars   great   buy   for   great   price .
it   makes   me   a   little   nervous   bc   i   have   long   hair   and   i   am   scared   that   it   will   get   sucked   into   the   backside   of   the   dryer   it   works   well .   makes   my   hair   curly   and   dries   it   quickly .   it   makes   me   a   little   nervous   bc   i   have   long   hair   and   i   am   scared   that   it   will   get   sucked   into   the   backside   of   the   dryer .
strong   strong   and   powerful ,   however ,   it   s   a   little   too   powerful   for   me .   i   was   looking   for   a   light   dryer   and   this   one   works ,   it   s   not   super   light   but   it   s   also   not   too   heavy   and   i   didnt   want   to   go   through   the   hassle   of   returning .
four   stars   pretty   good ,   not   any   better   than   other   hair   dryers   in   that   price   range .
love   it ....   love   this   product .   nifty   compact   is   a   plus .   can   be   taken   anywhere .   use   to   steam   or   dry   hair .
...   this   to   replace   a   sunbeam   1500   and   was   very   happy   to   find   that   the   wall   mount   was   compatible   bought   this   to   replace   a   sunbeam   1500   and   was   very   happy   to   find   that   the   wall   mount   was   compatible !   br   comparing   the   2 ,   the   sunbeam   had   3   speeds ,   of   which   i   only   used   the   upper   2 ,   and   the   oster   has   2   speeds ,   the   upper   2   .
five   stars   really   love   the   cold   setting .
curly   pop   rules   i   have   curly   hair ,   this   diffuser   is   perfect   for   getting   curls   to   look   defined   without   the   frizz .
five   stars   wonderful   product !   i   love   it !
one   star   horrible
five   stars   works   great   and   pretty   color !
five   stars   great   hair   dryer .
great   product   good   company   to   order   from   cosmeticbeautyplace   from   cosmeticbeautyplace   fulfilled   by   amazon   seem   like   package   could   have   been   shipped   out   sooner .   but   it   arrived   when   promised .   great   product   brand   new .   used   the   dryer   for   2   yrs   up   until   my   lil   client   touched   it   it   dropped .   had   to   duck   tape   it   together   for   awhile   until   the   new   one   arrived   but   it   still   worked   wonders .   love ,   love   this   dryer !
five   stars   great   size ,   and   noise   level .
works   great .   as   described ,   works   great .
precision   styling   this   xtava   rimini   1800   w   hair   dryer   totally   blew   me   away !   it   is   a   powerful   1800   watt   hair   dryer   comes   with   a   customized   diffuser   and   concentration   nozzle   for   precise   styling   and   maximized   condensed   air   flow   which   makes   it   superb   for   achieving   the   absolute   perfect   desired   look .   br   i   am   a   licensed   cosmetologist   and   i   can   tell   you   from   experience   that   this   hair   dryer   is   professional   quality   and   is   exactly   what   i   would   use   in   my   home   salon .   it   is   adjustable   with   three   heat   levels   and   two   power   levels   to   achieve   complete   control   of   your   styling   and   lock   in   your   perfect   look   with   the   cool   shot   button .   br   styling   hair   is   an   art   and   a   stylist   is   only   as   good   as   her   tools .   this   dryer   is   a   top   of   the   line   styling   tool   which   means   it   saves   me   time   and   energy   while   i   am   styling   and   i   get   the   desired   look   almost   instantly .   br   say   goodbye   to   frizz   with   this   iconic   hair   dryer   because   it   s   designed   to   emit   powerful   negative   ions   to   seal   and   smooth   the   hair   s   outer   layer   while   it   increases   my   hair   s   own   natural   shine   while   providing   me   with   healthy   and   hydrated   hair .   the   xtava   rimini   1800w   hair   dryer   has   totally   exceeded   my   expectations .   br   disclaimer   i   received   the   allure   hair   dryer   during   a   promotion   in   exchange   i   would   tell   you   what   i   thought   about   the   allure   in   this   review .   all   statements   made   are   solely   my   own   and   are   based   on   my   own   personal   experience   while   using   this   hair   dryer .   that   being   said ,   i   would   absolutely   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   persons   of   all   ages ,   it   works   better   than   great !
its   a   blow   dryer !   lol .   i   docked   a   ...   its   a   blow   dryer !   lol .   i   docked   a   star   because   it   has   a   weaker   output   than   my   old   blow   dryer .   i   appreciate   the   cold   setting .
four   stars   good   product .   did   not   have   problems   so   far   and   work   as   expected .
great   dryer !   i   initially   bought   this   for   a   vacation .   within   a   few   days   it   would   only   blow   cool   air .   contacted   amazon   who   had   helen   of   troy   email   me .   they   replaced   it   no   questions   asked   and   i   didn   t   even   have   to   send   the   new   defective   one   back !   but   let   me   tell   you   this   i   love !   i   use   it   every   time   i   shower ,   not   just   for   travel .   it   s   smaller ,   but   not   on   power ,   dries   fast   and   the   intake   hasn   t   collected   any   dust   like   other   dryers   do .   has   a   few   different   power   settings .   along   with   the   cool   setting   and   i   would   recommend   this   in   a   heartbeat .
great   for   thick ,   wavy ,   course   hair !   i   was   skeptical   about   purchasing   this   after   reading   several   of   the   reviews ,   however ,   this   blow   dryer   is   amazing !   i   have   very   thick ,   course ,   wavy ,   shoulder   length   hair .   with   traditional   conair   blow   dryers   from   walmart ,   i   would   spend   10   minutes   blow   drying   my   hair   and   it   would   be   left   really   dry   and   frizzy .   i   thought   that   was   how   all   blow   dryers   would   affect   my   hair .   wrong .   with   this   dryer ,   it   now   takes   me   3   4   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   and   leaves   it   with   a   moisturized   sheen .   i   almost   cried   the   first   time   i   used   it .   yes ,   if   you   hold   the   handle   too   low   you   can   accidentally   press   the   buttons ,   however ,   to   modify   that   i   simply   hold   it   higher   up   and   have   no   problems .   when   this   one   dies ,   i   m   most   definitely   buying   another ..... especially   at   such   a   great   discounted   price !
five   stars   wonderful .
three   stars   haven   t   received   it   yet   but   looks   good   on   the   positive   reviews
great   buy   works   great ,   i   love   it ...   the   buttons   are   a   bet   hard   at   times   ,   mostly   bc   my   old   hands   dont   work   as   well   as ,   they   used   to ...   but   i   would   recommend   and   buy   again .   great   price ,   and   quality ....   does   a   great   job
five   stars   i   love ,
love   the   power   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   has   great   power   and   dries   my   hair   rather   quickly .   would   highly   recommend !
three   stars   mine   was   green
great ,   fast ,   dryer   this   gets   a   5   star   in   my   book .   i   ve   used   for   a   few   weeks   now   and   it   dries   my   hair   faster ,   smoother ,   and   the   2   directional   heads   are   perfect   for   directing   the   heat   exactly   where   you   want   it   to   go .   it   is   so   much   better   than   my   conair   that   i   had .   this   is   high   end   quality .
five   stars   bought   for   my   wife .   she   says   she   loves   it .   no   ten   paragraph   review   needed   here .
a   piece   of   junk   this   is   a   piece   of   junk .   set   it   up   on   the   high   watt   setting ,   but   found   that   it   would   not   operate   after   my   wife   dried   her   hair .   setting   it   on   the   lower   watt   setting   solved   the   problem   for   a   few   months .   now   the   same   thing   often   happens   and   it   makes   lots   of   noise .   i   think   it   will   stop   entirely   very   soon .   tried   cleaning   the   lint   out   several   times .   the   lint   screen   is   buried   under   plastic   strips   making   it   difficult   to   clean .
five   stars   excellent   good
almost   as   good   as   full   size   great   little   travel   dryer .   works   almost   as   good   as   a   full   size   one .
conair   hand   held   hair   dryer   great   little   dryer   and   very   reasonably   priced !   i   bought   this   for   my   elderly   mother .   her   hand   held   dryer   had   ceased   working   so   this   little   dryer   was   the   ticket !   it   is   lightweight ,   small   easy   to   store ,   easy   to   use   and   it   blows   warm   and   cool   air   to   dry   my   mother   s   hair !   the   most   important   part .... she   likes   it ,   so   what   s   not   to   love !
this   is   the   second   one   we   have   mine   is   still   ...   this   is   the   second   one   we   have   mine   is   still   going   strong   after   two   and   a   half   years ... and   my   daughters   bombed   out   after   2   months   and   we   have   to   get   it   replaced
this   is   a   great   product .   i   have   been   practicing   blow   outs   and   ...   you   can   tell   right   away   this   is   a   heavy   duty   hair   dryer .   i   wanted   something   that   had   some   power   to   it   and   couldn   t   find   it   at   my   local   target .   this   is   a   great   product .   i   have   been   practicing   blow   outs   and   its   prefect   for   this .   so   as   much   as   this   is   more   pricey   than   a   normal   blow   dryer   it   is   worth   it .
four   stars   it   dries   hair   quickly   and   it   s   not   to   loud .
loved   it   and   now   i   own   my   own   first   tried   this   at   a   hyatt   hotel .   loved   it   and   now   i   own   my   own .   great   for   travel   or   everyday   use .
four   stars   i   love   it   but ...   it   s   a   little   heavy !
so   this   one   to   me   is   awesome ! !   it   s   not   too   noisy   and   it   dries   ...   i   had   a   really   old   hair   dryer .   so   this   one   to   me   is   awesome ! !   it   s   not   too   noisy   and   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .
good   little   dryer   seems   to   work   just   fine .   good   price ,   no   problems   so   far .
low   to   moderate   heat   compact   and   conveniently   portable .   dryer   is   not   very   powerful ,   so   the   brush   it   pretty   much   useless   for   my   hair .   surprisingly   this   dryer   is   not   even   as   powerful   as   my   handheld   blow   dryer .   bonnet   works   fine   as   long   as   you   are   satisfied   with   the   low   moderate   heat .
five   stars   love   it ! !
powerful   but   noisy   it   has   plenty   of   power   and   dries   well ,   but   i   had   to   return   mine   as   it   was   so   loud   that   it   left   my   ears   ringing .
buy   it !   perfect !
five   stars   best   hairdryer
three   stars   i   have   had   better ,   not   very   hot .
best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   went   on   vacation   and   there   was   one   in   my   room .   i   loved   it   so   much   i   came   home   and   searched   for   it   til   i   found   it .   amazon   had   the   best   price   for   this   model .   when   it   came ,   i   was   not   disappointed .   if   you   like   your   dryer   to   have   a   lot   of   force   to   it ,   this   is   the   one .
review   of   andis   wall   mounted   hang   up   hair   dryer   it   is   a   great   space   saver   and   it   works   very   well .
amazing .   very   short   drying   time   with   no   frizz   amazing .   very   short   drying   time   with   no   frizz .
five   stars   best   hair   dryer   ever
didn   t   last   long .   worked   well   and   as   described .   motor   started   to   sound   like   a   lawn   mower ,   one   week   after   it   s   one   year   warranty .   br   not   happy .
terrific   find !   really   love   it !   my   hair   looked   better   than   ever .   dried   about   3   4   times   faster .   drier   is   lighter   and   easier   to   work   with   when   styling .   br   dropped   it   accidentally   and   nothing   was   broken !   br   drying   seems   enjoyable   !   br   have   only   used   twice ,   but   am   glad   that   i   bought   it !
great   buy !   for   the   price   paid ,   it   is   an   excellent   buy .   i   bought   3   so   i   would   not   worry   about   having   a   bad   hair   day   without   a   hair   dryer .   this   hair   dryer   is   simple   and   get   the   job   done .   either   hot   or   cold .   would   be   great   if   a   third   option   available   for   hotter   air .
four   stars   does   its   job .
perfect   great   dryer .   br   br   has   cut   her   hair   drying   time   by   40   with   better   results !
dryer   itself   works   good ,   however   i   am   already   wrapping   duct   tape   around   ...   dryer   itself   works   good ,   however   i   am   already   wrapping   duct   tape   around   the   twist   mechanism   that   allows   the   stand   to   go   up   and   down .... its   cracked ,   first   day   of   use ,   i   should   send   it   back   but   i   need   the   dryer   now
three   stars   works   well ,   i   wish   this   could   be   much   smaller
get   ti   works   very   nice   on   both   voltages
not   great   doesn   t   get   hot   enough
very   effective   bought   this   for   my   wife   and   and   she   recently   took   it   on   a   trip   and   loved   it .   powerful   enough ,   not   too   noisy ,   takes   up   little   space .   it   does   exactly   what   you   want   from   a   travel   dryer .
it   is   good   drying   tool   it   is   good   drying   tool .   i   expected   it   to   be   a   bit   better   from   reading   reviews .   br   it   does   the   job   as   drying   hair   and   it   is   good   quality   and   well   made   hair   dryer .   br   i   recommend .
hair   dryer   stopped   working   after   only   a   few   months   loved   this   hairdryer   until   it   stopped   working   today .   it   just   quit .   reset   button   won   t   fix   it .   very   disappointed   as   i   had   a   much   cheaper   hairdryer   and   it   lasted   years .   this   has   only   lasted   3   months !
five   stars   excellent   choice !
best   hair   dryer   love   it ! ! ! ! !   highly   recommend   it ! !
conair   1875   w   hair   dryer   although   the   package   was   damaged   on   arrival   the   contents   were   intact .   this   was   replacement   for   an   identical   conair   unit   that   my   bride   has   used   continually   for   several   years .   we   expect   the   new   conair   to   be   as   serviceable   as   the   previous   one .
five   stars   this   hair   dryer   is   wonderful !
quality   drier   fantastic   bonnet   drier .   definitely   worth   paying   a   little   extra   to   get   a   quality   product .   i   primarily   use   this   when   i   am   doing   a   deep   treatment   on   my   hair .
one   star   only   used   for   few   months   and   already   quit   working .
best   small   hairdryer   love   the   small   size .   dries   my   hair   very   quickly   and   comes   with   a   great   travel   bag .   it   does   such   a   good   job   that   i   forget   that   it   is   travel   size .
five   stars   i   love   this   one !   great   purchase .   it   drys   my   hair   super   fast !
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   the   power   it   delivers   is   perfect   and   it   seems   to   dry   my   hair   in   half   the   time   of   my   old   one .   the   speed   and   heat   buttons   are   user   friendly   and   the   heavy   cord   is   nice   and   long .   altho   it   s   not   quite   as   light   as   i   d   imagined   and   maybe   even   a   little   bigger   than   my   old   one ,   i   wouldn   t   consider   it   to   be   heavy   or   bulky   and   it   s   still   quiet   and   powerful .   good   value   for   the   money .
nice   hail   dryer .   great   dryer ,   i   use   it   to   deep   conditioner   my   hair .   i   love   the   portability   of   this   product .   this   is   a   lot   better   than   the   bulky   hooded   dryer .
love   this   dryer   love   this   dryer , ,   it   is   my   second   one ,   but   wish   it   lasted   longer   first   one   was   less   than   2   yrs
x   tava   allure   awesome   hair   dryer   this   was   delivered   well   within   the   promised   window   even   though   we   were   in   the   middle   of   one   of   the   worst   weather   weeks   this   winter   so   far .   when   i   used   the   dryer   i   was   even   more   pleased   because   my   hair   felt   sooooo   soft   and   was   so   shiny .   even   my   hubby   thought   my   hair   felt   softer .   you   ladies   are   doing   great   work   and   i   thank   amazon   for   carrying   your   line   of   products .
five   stars   excellent   product   and   it   is   exactly   as   described   by   the   seller !
been   looking   years   for   a   dryer   like   this ! ! !   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   with   long   thick   hair   i   d   gotten   used   to   spending   15   20   minutes   just   drying   my   hair   enough   to   allow   me   to   style   it .   this   dryer   is   not   only   lightweight   and   quieter   than   any   dryer   i   ve   ever   had   but   it   also   dries   my   hair   in   5   6   min .   that   s   from   dripping   just   out   of   the   shower   wet   to   nearly   bone   dry   in   less   than   half   the   time .   i   don   t   even   need   to   use   the   highest   heat   settings   so   my   frizz   is   much   more   contained .   with   myself   and   two   thick   haired   daughters   using   it   a   fast   dryer   is   a   must .   so   excited   to   finally   have   found   something   that   actually   is   a   good   as   it   claims   to   be .
five   stars   it   doesnt   damage   the   hair   like   the   other   dryers   ive   tried   and   its   very   lightweight
five   stars   does   the   job   right
lightweight ,   good   air   power ,   multiple   settings   i   ve   been   very   happy   with   this   so   far .   it   s   very   light ,   and   i   love   that   it   has   three   heat   one   being   no   heat   settings   and   two   speed   settings ,   which   is   more   than   most   dryers   have .   the   airflow   is   pretty   strong   on   the   high   setting .   the   setting   labels   are   already   wearing   off   though ,   after   only   a   few   months   of   regular   use .
still   love   i   already   had   this   hairdryer   so   it   was   just   a   replacement . still   love   it
kinky   coily   black   natural   hair !   wow ! ! !   incredibly   fast   shipping   from   mix   wholesale .   i   ordered   it   on   thursday .. it   arrived   on   saturday   and   i   live   in   georgia   .   put   it   together   in   less   than   20   minutes   and   powered   it   up !   so   easy   to   assemble ! !   can   t   wait   to   use   this   on   my   4b   c   natural   hair ! !   will   update   again   after   more   use .   br   br   update   this   dryer   is   fantastic ! !   dried   my   freshly   washed ,   dense ,   chin   length   4b   c   hair   in   about   40   minutes !   on   medium   heat ! !   i   did   not   need   neck   covers   or   ear   protectors   at   all .   i   have   a   pic   of   the   size   rollers   i   used   they   fit   with   ample   space   under   the   hood .   it   s   also   very   quiet   i   had   no   trouble   having   a   conversation   on   my   phone   easily   watched   television .   i   haven   t   had   to   duct   tape   anything ,   it   s   pretty   sturdy ,   a   little   wobbly ,   but   not   i   m   not   moving   around   a   lot   if   i   m   sitting   under   the   dryer   anyway ..   br   br   basically ,   i   love   it   and   i   m   so   glad   i   didn   t   waste   my   money   on   a   pibb   or   pebco   brand .   i   don   t   own   a   salon ,   but   it   s   great   for   home   use   and   is   a   million   times   better   than   standing   in   front   of   my   mirror   trying   to   dry   my   hair   with   a   handheld   blowdryer .
five   stars   works   great ,   mounts   nice !
five   stars   best   blowdryer !   love   it !   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist   and   its   amazing !
works   like   a   champ   great   used   this   for   my   aunts   salon ,   cheap   but   works   like   its   an   expensive   dyer
i   have   thin   fine   hair   and   it   is   gentle   enough   on   my   hair   ...   i   have   thin   fine   hair   and   it   is   gentle   enough   on   my   hair   and   gives   me   the   volume   i   need .   br   thank   you .
terrific   blow   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   so   easy   to   use .   and   i   really   like   that   the   cord   is   extra   long   to   reach   an   outlet   in   another   room .   does   a   great   job   on   my   hair   which   has   become   dryer   due   to   aging .   great   for   all   seniors ! !
beautiful ,   sleek   and   professional   design .   looks   expensive .   this   is   a   very   nice ,   professional   looking   hairdryer .   nice   color   and   the   design   is   very   sleek   and   sharp   looking .   looks   like   it   s   worth   a   lot   more   than   what   it   really   cost .   it   comes   in   a   nice   box ,   so   it   s   very   suitable   for   gifting . the   description   says   it   s   34   ultra   lightweight   34   but ,   for   me ,   it   felt   like   it   weighed   just   as   much   as   any   other   hairdryer .   i   like   that   it   has   2   speeds   and   3   heat   settings .   i   have   very   fine   hair ,   so   how   much   heat   i   use   on   my   hair   makes   a   big   difference .   the   hottest   setting   does   seem   to   get   very   hot ,   so   be   careful .   also   with   my   fine   hair ,   the   higher   settings   had   a   tendency   to   tangle   my   fine   hair ,   so   i   had   to   usually   use   the   medium   heat   setting ,   which   worked   well .   the   hairdryer   itself   was   not   loud   and   dried   my   hair   quickly .   it   has   a   long   cord   and   comes   with   a   concentrator   nozzle   which   really   help   to   reduce   frizz .   the   concentrator   nozzle   is   very   easy   to   remove   and   put   back   on   when   needed .   i   also   like   that   this   hairdryer   had   a   removable   filter ,   it   was   easy   to   twist   off   for   cleaning .   overall ,   it   s   powerful   and   does   a   nice   job .   i   loved   the   look   and   it   s   easy   to   hold   and   use .   hoping   it   will   last   awhile .   would   definitely   recommend .   br   br   disclosure   i   was   not   financially   compensated   for   this   post .   the   opinions   are   my   own   and   based   on   my   personal   experience   with   the   product .   i   received   one   or   more   of   the   products   mentioned   above   for   free   for   my   unbiased   and   honest   opinion .
best   blowdryer   this   product   had   great   reviews ,   so   i   thought   i   d   give   it   a   try .   turns   out   it   s   the   best   blowdryer !   it   s   lightweight   and   dries   in   a   very   short   amount   of   time .
no   tangles   and   quick   drying !   i   cannot   express   how   much   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   s   small   and   sleek .   it   gives   me   the   hair   i   want   to   have ,   that   look   that   i   was   always   jealous   of   others   having .   i   no   longer   look   like   a   big   frizz   ball !   i   didn   t   know   that   hair   could   look   this   good ,   and   i   m   thankful   for   the   opportunity   to   test   this   product   complimentary   and   give   my   experiences   and   feedback .   i   love   all   the   features   of   this   hair   dryer .   the   cooling   feature   is   by   far   the   best   feature   along   with   the   nozzles .   i   use   to   let   my   hair   air   dry   and   it   took   so   long   to   dry   being   my   hair   is   so   long .   this   hair   dryer   took   about   10   15   minutes .   i   didn   t   get   tangled   hair   that   hurt   brushing   out   like   i   did   with   other   hair   dryers .   this   is   the   best   dryer !
it   could   very   easily   break   and   be   unrepairable   i   can   see   why   other   reviewers   found   the   parts   to   be   flimsy   and   plastic .   it   could   very   easily   break   and   be   unrepairable .   but   the   heat   is   steady   and   well   distributed .   the   cooler   setting   does   not   burn   my   scalp   and   the   hotter   setting   is   great   for   a   quick   blast   to   get   drying   started   on   my   long   hair .   i   will   say   to   be   very   careful   with   the   plastic   parts   and   it   should   be   fine .
five   stars   good   job
five   stars   exelente
hair   dryer   is   good   good   hair   dryer   works   well
like   this   a   lot   my   old   revlon   hair   dryer   went   kaput ,   and   i   went   to   a   local   store   and   bought   another   revlon   to   replace   it .   yikes !   while   it   did   dry   my   very   straight ,   fine   hair   quickly ,   the   air   flow   was   so   strong   that   when   i   put   my   hair   in   velcro   curlers ,   the   revlon   hair   dryer   blew   the   curlers   out   of   my   hair !   so   i   went   looking   on   my   beloved   amazon   to   find   a   better   hair   dryer   with   lots   of   positive   reviews ,   and   ended   up   ordering   this   for   about   the   same   price   i   paid   for   the   revlon   one .   this   one   is   great   so   much   more   substantial   and   quality   feeling   and   noticeably   quieter   and   less   shrill   sounding   than   the   revlon .   br   br   my   single   complaint   is   that   the   toggle   switches   on   the   handle   that   control   the   air   flow   and   heat   settings   are   a   little   too   easy   to   accidentally   change   when   drying   your   hair .   but   i   still   like   this   hair   dryer   a   lot .
four   stars   good   product   all   well
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer   ,   have   been   using   them   for   years .   nice   wall   hung   means   out   of   the   way   not   laying   on   the   counter   or   having   to   unplug   and   put   away   each   time   it   is   used .   my   last   one   lasted   about   5   years .   bought   two   more   .
wind   is   strong   and   does   not   feel   too   hot   wind   is   strong   and   does   not   feel   too   hot .   get   hairs   dry   quickly .   love   this   product .
love   this .   i   dropped   my   previous   one   love   this .   i   dropped   my   previous   one ,   different   brand ,   and   had   to   replace   it .   the   cord   keeper   part   is   the   main   feature   for   me .   the   hair   dryer   itself   works   fine ,   a   little   louder   than   most   but   is   also   more   lightweight   than   most .   love   it !
five   stars   it   an   excelent   product
it   s   a   blow   dryer   it   drys   my   hair ,   does   what   it   s   supposed   to ,   pretty   much   says   it   all .   if   it   s   alive   a   few   years   from   now   i   ll   be   impressed
three   stars   it   s   not   very   powerfull   but   it   woks   properly
five   stars   i   bought   it   for   my   maine   coon   cat .   he   likes   this   dryer .
five   stars   great ! ! !
five   stars   good
great   dryer   that   takes   practice   with   fine   hair .   i   love   how   lightweight ,   fast   and   very   quiet   this   hairdryer   is .   the   reason   i   dropped   it   to   four   stars   is   because   it   has   a   tendency   to   tangle   my   fine   not   thin   hair ,   but   the   pros   definitely   outweigh   the   one   con .   fine   haired   women   just   need   to   be   careful   about   pointing   the   dryer   down   the   hair   shaft   to   keep   the   tangles   at   bay .
two   stars   no   better   than   less   expensive   hair   dryers   i   have   owned .   died   after   about   6   months .
this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer .   it   is   my   second   one .   i   had   the   first   one   for   years   and   when   it   finally   broke ,   i   tried   a   few   other   blow   dryers   but   returned   them   all   and   went   right   back   to   the   conair   1875 .   the   cord   keeper   is   a   great   feature   for   me ,   since   i   keep   the   dyer   in   a   drawer .   it   stays   in   there   compactly .
pretty   good .   it   s   been   a   while   use   it   every   time   i   wash   my   hair .   pretty   good .   it   s   been   a   while ,   works   without   problem .
three   stars   it   s   good ,   just   what   i   wanted .
nice   unit   this   was   installed   in   a   rv   on   the   wall   of   the   bathroom   area .   the   unit   is   plugged   into   a   110   volt   gfci   outlet   and   the   night   light   and   unit   power   can   be   turned   on   off   by   pressing   the   gfci   button .   the   night   light   is   good   not   too   bright   but   ample .   the   unit   appears   to   offer   good   air   flow   and   not   being   too   noisy .   i   am   happy   with   the   performance ,   looks   and   operation   so   far .
five   stars   my   daughter   loves   the   color   pink   so   i   had   to   get   it .   simple   speeds   as   a   standard   hair   dryer .
great   for   my   natural   hair   great   for   my   natural   hair .   has   proven   to   be   sturdy   saves   me   a   lot   of   time   in   the   washing   process .
five   stars   love   it .   does   a   good .   hot   enough .   diffuser   is   a   bonus .
five   stars   just   started   using  
four   stars   works   very   well .   a   little   hard   to   mount   on   the   wall   .   careful   measuments   are   needed
i   like   it   good   quality .   very   pretty .   powerful .   only   complaint   is   its   kinda   heavy   so   after   a   while   it   kinda   hurts   my   hand .   but   i   guess   it   s   not   really   a   problem   since   it   dries   my   hair   pretty   quick .
five   stars   i   love   it
great   amazing   product   works   great   for   naturally   curly   hair !
great   hairdryer !   it   really   does   what   it   says   it   effectively   smoothes   hair   and   significantly   helps   reduce   frizz .
i   love   this   blow   drier   i   love   this   blow   drier .   cut   my   blow   dry   time   in   half .   i   bought   the   leopard   cheetah   print   one .   the   price   on   this   item   has   changed   significantly ,   unfortunately .   when   i   purchased ,   this   dryer   was   significantly   less   expensive   than   other   colors   of   the   same   model .   before   ordering   and   receiving   i   was   concerned   it   was   a   knock   off   because   it   was   cheaper   than   the   other   two   color   options .   i   do   think   it   is   real .   it   works   well .   feels   well   made .   i   looked   at   all   of   the   instructions   closely   on   the   box   for   spelling   grammar   mistakes   which   are   common   with   fakes   and   found   none .   i   ve   had   about   2   months   now   and   it   works   well .   i   also   had   one   of   my   good   friends   look   at   it   closely .   she   is   a   cosmetologist   and   currently   works   at   a   salon   that   sells   this   brand .   she   said   it   looked   authentic   to   her .
loving   this   blow   dryer .   longer   dry   time ,   but   better   results .   i   have   used   other   hair   dryers   from   xtava ,   and   this   one   is   by   far   my   favorite .   the   other   one   was   great   for   quickly   drying   my   hair ,   but   it   left   my   ends   feeling   really   dried   out .   this   one   takes   a   little   longer   to   dry   my   hair ,   but   it   leaves   my   hair   feeling   so   soft   and   not   damaged   at   all .   br   br   this   dryer   is   very   easy   and   pretty   straight   forward   to   use .   there   are   three   heat   settings   on   the   heat   switch ,   three   speed   settings   on   the   speed   switch ,   and   a   cool   shot   air   button .   on   the   heat   switch   you   will   find   low ,   medium ,   and   high   temperatures .   on   the   speed   switch   you   will   find   off ,   gentle ,   and   strong .   the   cool   shot   button   is   used   to   set   your   style .   i   like   to   use   this   dryer   on   him   heat   and   strong   speed .   i   use   a   round   brush   to   style   my   hair ,   then   the   cool   shot   to   set .   br   br   the   dryer   comes   with   two   attachments ,   a   concentrated   and   a   diffuser .   the   diffuser   is   great   for   those   with   curly   hair   who   want   to   reduce   frizz .   the   connector   is   great   for   people   who   have   straight   hair .   it   really   helps   me   style   my   hair   straighter ,   without   needing   a   straightener .   br   br   i   really   like   how   hight   weight   this   dryer   is .   i   have   been   having   some   weird   back   shoulder   problems   over   the   last   couple   years ,   so   the   lightweight   hair   dryer   is   something   that   i   can   really   appreciate .   i   have   small   hands   and   i   think   that   this   is   very   easy   to   hold .   br   br   the   hair   dryer   is   quite   and   while   it   might   not   have   the   power   you   are   used   to ,   it   works   great .   i   like   that   my   hair   appears   to   be   far   less   damaged   with   this   dryer   than   any   other   i   have   used ,   and   it   only   takes   a   couple   more   minutes   to   dry .   that   is   a   tradeoff   i   am   more   than   willing   to   make .   this   is   the   dryer   i   will   continue   to   use   on   a   day   to   day   basis .   like   others ,   i   did   receive   this   to   review ,   what   i   have   written   is   honest .   i   would   not   mislead   consumers   as   i   would   not   want   to   be   mislead .   this   is   a   product   that   i   stand   by .
this   hair   dryer   is   top   quality   and   i   love   it .   dries   my   hair   quickly   this   hair   dryer   is   top   quality   and   i   love   it .   dries   my   hair   quickly ,   is   light   weight   and   works   great .   has   many   adjustments   for   speed   and   heat   plus   cold   blast .   best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   so   far .
good   hair   dryer   i   really   like   the   dryer   and   the   price   isn   t   to   bad   either .   the   only   compliant   i   have   are   the   switches   are   right   where   you   hand   fingers   go   and   i   keep   flipping   them   when   i   don   t   want   too .
love   it ,   has   3   settings   and   cool   love   it ,   has   3   settings   and   cool ,   warm   and   hot   for   drying   hair .   works   very   nice .   and   low ,   med   and   high   also .
it   comes   in   a   nice   box   and   a   nice   color   blue   this   is   a   fabulous   hair   dryer .   it   comes   in   a   nice   box   and   a   nice   color   blue .   it   is   so   light   weight   which   makes   it   easy   to   dry   my   long   hair .   normally   it   takes   a   while   to   dry   my   hair   but   with   this   hair   dryer   it   probably   cut   the   time   in   half .   it   has   a   nice   diffuser   along   with   3   heat   settings .   i   like   to   start   out   on   high ,   then   a   curling   brush   and   low   heat   and   finally   cool   to   set   my   hair .   i   love   the   cool   shot   to   set   it   too .   my   hair   has   less   frizzies   and   looks   a   lot   healthier   since   using   this   hair   dryer .   i   am   so   glad   i   got   to   try   it   complimentary   for   a   honest   and   unbiased   opinion .
four   stars   excellent   power   with   easy   to   use   temperature   change   contol .
great   amazing !   love   it !
five   stars   love   it !
five   stars   arrived   soooo   fast   made   me   very   happy ! ! ! ! ! !   and   the   dryer   it   self   is   fantastic .
this   is   a   nice   hair   dryer   i   really   like   the   color   to   it   this   is   a   nice   hair   dryer   i   really   like   the   color   to   it .   it   looks   fabulous .   the   hair   dryer   it   self   is   light   weight .   i   like   to   use   it   without   the   attachment   because   usually   it   works   faster   than   with   it   but   that   is   just   because   i   have   long   hair   that   has   tangling   issues .   the   hair   dryer   gets   hot   enough   to   dry   your   hair   fast   and   it   will   look   great .   it   has   a   nice   long   cord   to   it   that   doesn   t   get   tangled   up   either .   i   received   this   as   a   gift   to   share   my   experiences   while   using   this   product .
love   it .   recieved   it   quickly   love   it .   recieved   it   quickly .   dries   really   fast .   only   down   side   is   that   it   vibrates   leaving   my   hand   tingly .   but   its   awesome .
five   stars   quiet   yet   efficient .
good   but   damaged   just   received   my   new   blow   dryer   in   the   mail .   when   i   opened   it ,   it   was   damaged ,   very   disappointed .
great   value   i   ve   only   been   using   this   dryer   for   a   week   but   like   it .   it   is   powerful   and   does   a   nice   job .   i   m   not   sure   how   long   it   is   going   to   last   however .   but   for   the   price ,   i   m   pleased .
beautiful   matte   finish   the   only   con   is   the   weight .   it   s   pretty   heavy   but   it   works   perfectly .
good   product   for   the   money   works   as   expected .   love   the   zebra   print   zipper   pouch   it   comes   with .   arrived   quickly   and   price   was   very   competetive .   keeping   it   in   my   suitcase   for   travelling   as   it   is   small .   small   but   quite   powerful .
hair   is   happy   decent   heat   temperature   and   air   flows .   a   good   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   lighter   weight   than   the   last   silver   model   i   had .   that   one   lasted   for   nearly   10   years   with   every   other   daily   use .
awesome   hairdryer .   i   have   owned   one   of   these   dryers   in   the   past ,   and   found   it   like   many   others ..   in   a   hotel   bathroom .   great   dryer .   very   affordable .   i   accidentally   broke   mine   dropping   it   down   an   entire   flight   of   stairs .   just   replaced   even   cheaper   than   i   purchased   it   for   5   years   ago .
five   stars   best   hair   dryer ,   very   happy
wow !   i   m   impressed !   excellent !   i   am   so   glad   i   bought   this .   great   quality   and   dried   my   whole   head   of   hair   in   minutes   which   is   wonderful   after   i   allow   myself   a   few   more   minutes   of   sleep   in   the   morning .   a   really   good   and   worthwhile   purchase !   just   want   to   say   i   am   still   thrilled   with   this   purchase   of   about   6   months   ago !   it   dries   my   hair   incredibly   fast   but   also   gives   it   body   that   lasts   for   a   couple   of   days .   i   could   not   be   happier   with   this   product .   i   ve   been   around   for   a   34   while   34   and   no   other   hair   dry   has   ever   come   close .   jump   out   of   the   shower ,   blow   dry   my   hair   for   a   very   short   time ,   and   i   m   on   my   way !   love   it ! ! !
really   like   this   hair   dryer !   great   hair   dryer ,   nicely   balanced ,   good   air   flow ,   and   not   too   loud .   this   is   one   appliance   i   hate   having   to   replace ,   as   you   get   so   accustomed   to   one ,   but   this   one   is   if   anything   an   improvement   over   my   old   favorite .   dual   heat   speed   controls   are   a   must   for   me .   nice   inclusion   of   the   extra   drying   attachments .
not   worth   the   money !   do   not   buy   this ! ! !   im   a   professional   salon   owner   and   i   bought   this .   something   inside   broke   off   and   every   time   it   is   turnes   on   it   makes   this   excruciating   click   clank   cling   sound   that   hurts   your   ears   while   under   the   dryer   plus   the   loud   sound   of   the   dryer .   i   have   to   use   it   on   the   lowest   settings   which   takes   hours   upon   hours   just   to   dry .   i   used   this   dryer   3   times   before   the   problem   started .
five   stars   exactly   as   described
truly   a   cut   above   the   rest !   i   never   ever   write   reviews   for   products ,   but   with   this   i   had   to ! !   it   s   that   amazing .   my   hair   is   very   thick ,   and   blowdrying   my   hair   with   this   dryer   is   faster   and   easier   than   i   ever   could   have   imagined .   you   know   that   amazing   feeling   you   get   when   you   ve   just   gone   to   a   salon   that   s   what   your   hair   is   like   every   time   you   use   this   dryer .   100   worth   the   money .
five   stars   good   heat
good   dryer .   quality   low   price .   good   dryer ,   lightweight   works   well .   2   speeds .
very   good   blow   dryer   very   good   blow   dryer !   i   usually   buy   very   cheap   ones   but   splurged   a   little   this   time .   love   it !   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   i   m   used   to .
five   stars   excellent   in   every   way   ,   i   really   like   this .   br   my   favorite   by   far
five   stars   good   product
highly   recommended   i   couldn   t   find   good   for   my   hair   any .   only   this   one   i   use   about   2   3   years   already ,   and   still   have   it   as   a   gift   for   my   mom .   br   highly   recommended   item !
five   stars   very   nice !
five   stars   exactly   like   photo .   delivered   fast .   great   price .
great   dryer   i   am   very   happy   with   this   product .   it   dries   fast !   it   seems   like   a   very   sturdy   product ,   not   like   some   of   the   low   end   products   out   there .   this   is   salon   quality ! !
they   shortened   the   cord   to   save   a   few   pennies ...   not   happy .   my   previous   vagabond ,   which   i   loved   and   traveled   with   for   many   years ,   finally   kicked   the   bucket   and   i   replaced   it   today   with   the   current   model .   i   was   a   little   bummed   that   purple   was   no   longer   a   color   option   strange ,   since   it   is   in   the   other   conair   models   ,   but   was   extremely   upset   to   discover   that   the   power   cord   is   now   a   full   six   inches   shorter !   i   couldn   t   believe   it   and   got   the   old   one   out   of   the   trash   to   compare   side   by   side .   shorter .   by   a   lot .   this   makes   a   huge   impact   on   how   far   from   the   outlet   i   can   stand   while   drying   my   hair   and   is   incredibly   annoying .   would   have   happily   paid   more   for   the   longer   cord .   very   disappointed .
awesome   dryer   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   a   week   and   i   love   it !   i   can   dry   my   hair   in   under   10mins .   the   attachment   allows   you   to   put   the   dryer   on   your   hair   which   speeds   up   the   drying   time .   i   have   thin   but   long   hair   and   i   m   amazed   at   how   quickly   it   dries   my   hair .
four   stars   it   s   a   good   hair   dryer   the   attachment   just   won   t   stay   on  
five   stars   good   power
just   like   another   reviewer   wrote   the   bonnet   s   elastic   is   so   ...   just   like   another   reviewer   wrote   the   bonnet   s   elastic   is   so   tight   that   it   hurt   my   head   and   i   didn   t   have   very   large   rollers   on .   i   took   her   advice   and   took   out   the   elastic   and   put   in   a   long   shoe   lace   which   was   a   very   time   consuming   and   frustrating   job   but   it   worked .   plus   i   don   t   know   how   anyone   could   sit   there   with   the   setting   on   high .   the   medium   setting   is   almost   too   hot .   if   i   hadn   t   read   the   her   review   about   replacing   the   elastic ,   i   would   of   sent   it   back .
salon   sundry   easy   to   use   and   intstall .   works   great   arrived   on   time .
three   stars   the   disk   somehow   smells   like   plastic
five   stars   just   like   my   old   one .   i   love   it .
five   stars   i   love   this !   great !
four   stars   great   product
five   stars   love   this   hair   dryer .   so   glad   i   got   it .   also ,   i   live   what   the   company   stands   for .
best   blow   dryer   ever !   best   blow   dryer   ever ... you   can   feel   the   quality   as   soon   as   you   pick   it   up ... performance   none   better ... worth   every   penny .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   is   quieter   than   my   older   conair .   it   has   nice   speed   temperature   settings   that   blow   dry   quickly   without   as   much   damage .   i   can   dry   my   below   shoulder   length   hair   with   the   medium   heat   air   setting   in   less   than   10   minutes .   my   hair   is   soft   and   easy   to   style ,   plus   attachments   stay   on   tight .   i   will   buy   remington   from   now   on .
this   hairdryer   is   perfect   for   thick   hair   this   hairdryer   is   perfect   for   thick   hair .   the   handle   feels   comfortable   while   in   use   and   the   nozzle   has   vent   holes ,   so   you   can   get   real   close   to   your   scalp   and   the   air   deflects   through   the   holes .   great   design .
loud   and   weak   i   just   replaced   my   old   conair   hair   dryer .   i   like   the   1875   models ,   as   they   are   usually   more   powerful   and   work   more   quickly .   i   do   not   recommend   this   model ,   however .   although   it   is   an   1875   power ,   it   works   like   one   of   the   smaller ,   less   powerful   models .   and   this   one   is   terribly ,   terribly   loud .   i   m   actually   concerned   that   i   might   suffer   hearing   loss   if   i   were   to   use   this   on   a   daily   basis .   i   ll   be   returning   this   one .
absolutely   love   it !   thank   you   so   much   dries   my   hair   fast   and   isn   t   very   loud .   absolutely   love   it !   thank   you   so   much !
four   stars   good !
wall   mounted   blow   dryer   perfect   replaced   old   one   i   was   very   pleased   with .
five   stars   hair   dryer   works   great
yup ,   it   s   a   hair   dryer   when   i   first   turned   this   product   on   my   hair   was   wet .   when   i   turned   this   device   off   my   hair   was   dry .   br   br   i   purchased   this   because   i   was   looking   for   the   cheapest   product   available .   it   worked   perfectly   and   does   appear   to   be   a   quality   product .   i   have   been   very   happy   so   far .
meh .   nothing   extraordinary .   this   dryer   is   34   ok   34   i   was   hoping   for   something   a   little   more   powerful   than   what   i   already   had .   it   gets   the   job   done   but   no   quicker   than   my   other   blow   dryer ... in   fact   i   feel   like   it   takes   my   hair   a   bit   longer   to   try .   and   it   is   heavy .   after   reading   the   great   reviews ,   i   guess   i   was   hoping   for   something   more   than   it   actually   was   which   is   a   regular   34   ok   34   hair   dryer .
missing   item   it   s   missing   a   screw   to   put   this   together   besides   that ..... i   received   it   on   time   it   s   the   right   size ,   and   the   price   was   excellent .......
quiet   and   quick   quiet   and   quick .   my   old   hairdryer   was   a   screamer   and   i   got   this   one   because   i   was   developing   tinnitus   and   everything   i   read   suggested   controlling   decibels   was   important .   the   buttons   are   right   where   you   grip   the   handle ,   so   it   takes   a   little   getting   used   to   placing   fingers   so   you   re   not   changing   your   settings .   my   hair   is   smoother .
one   star   i   was   very   satisfy   with   my   order   and   it   was   delievery   on   time   as   promise .   excellent   excelllent   10   stars
four   stars   good   seller .   i   received   the   product   on   time   and   without   problems .   i   recommend   for   all .
perfect !   perfect   for   my   needs !
works   good ,   could   use   stronger   output   on   low   speed   works   good .   doesn   t   seem   to   have   the   output   force   on   low   speed   that   my   previous   hairdryer   had   wattage   is   the   same   .   seems   to   get   the   warmest   heat   it   needs   to   be   on   high .   i   prefer   a   low   speed   with   high   heat .
five   stars   i   love   the   hair   dryer   by   conair .   my   last   one   was   a   conair .   it   lasted   many   years .
one   star   dvice   work   with   110   ac   and   my   home   220   also   not   writ   in   amazon   abut   ac   tks
exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .   get   great   results   every   time .   i   spent   a   very   long   time   waiting   for   the   right   deal   on   an   ionic   hair   dryer   and   this   was   the   first   time   in   at   least   6   months   that   i   saw   what   i   was   looking   for   with   an   appealing   price   tag .   i   took   the   plunge   and   bought   it   and   have   been   very   happy   with   the   results .   my   hair   turns   out   very   smooth   and   is   even   shiny   after   i   use   it .   the   clip   on   accessory   is   amazing   for   focusing   the   air   stream   and   definitely   helps   with   minimizing   frizz .   it   is   also   very   pretty .  
happy   with   everything   everything   is   working   well .   no   problems   after   a   month .   happy   with   everything .
five   stars   awesome   product ..   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone
five   stars   met   my   expectations .
super   price .   works   as   well   as   the   expensive   ones .   super   price .
two   stars   good   while   it   lasted .   i   used   it   at   best   5   times   before   it   just   stopped   working .
great   hair   dryer   love   this   hair   dryer .   had   an   older   one   for   years ,   it   finally   died   so   i   replaced   it   with   this   newer   version .
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   and   is   a   lot   lighter   than   the   ...   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   and   is   a   lot   lighter   than   the   clunky   old   one   i   used   to   have .   it   looks   great   and   helps   my   morning   routine   go   a   lot   faster .   i   am   able   to   dry   my   hair   quickly   and   i   love   the   attachment   that   it   comes   with   to   be   able   to   focus   all   the   hot   air   on   one   section   of   hair   at   a   time   as   i   am   brushing   it   out .   when   i   use   the   attachment   it   makes   my   hair   look   a   lot   better   as   well   than   without   using   it .   this   is   a   powerful   hair   dryer   it   isn   t   the   most   powerful   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   seen   but   definitely   a   very   good   one .   it   is   very   powerful   and   dries   my   hair   quickly   which   is   awesome   since   i   have   really   long   hair .   it   is   a   nice   sleek   hair   dryer   so   it   fits   nicely   into   my   hair   dryer   holder   and   looks   really   nice   as   well .   i   received   this   as   a   gift   to   share   my   experiences   while   using   this   product .
nice   hair   dryer .   i   would   definitely   buy   this   again .   i   had   an   older   model   for   years   that   we   traveled   with   and   it   finally   wore   out .
five   stars   great   little   hairdryer   especially   for   travel .
five   stars   the   best   hair   dryer   ever !
five   stars   works   great   and   light   to   handle
effective   dryer   this   dryer   dries   my   hair   quickly ,   leaving   it   smooth   and   shiny .   and   my   hair   requires   less   touching   up   on   the   second   day .
sleek   and   powerful !   this   is   a   very   sleek   and   stylish   hair   dryer .   it   looks   very   nice !   it   s   powerful   at   2200   watts .   this   hair   dryer   comes   with   a   concentrator   nozzle   but   no   diffuser .   however ,   a   previous   diffuser   that   i   owned   fit   on   this   just   fine .   it   has   a   nice   long   cord   too .   the   only   thing   is   the   cord   is   really   thick   so   it   easily   knocks   stuff   down   if   anything   gets   in   its   way .   i   was   very   excited   to   get   an   opportunity   to   receive   this   for   testing   and   inspection   purposes .   it   works   very   well   and   dries   my   hair   quickly .   i   like   the   more   powerful   hair   blowers   because   they   dry   hair   much   faster   than   lower   wattage   dryers   do .   this   one   comes   in   black   and   looks   very   stylish .   the   concentrator   works   well   too   but   you   do   need   to   push   hard   to   get   it   on   the   hair   dryer .   it   has   three   temperatures ,   hot ,   warm ,   and   cold   or   room   temperature   but   it   always   feels   cold   to   me .   it   also   has   two   speeds ,   low   and   high .   in   addition ,   it   comes   with   a   cool   shot   button ,   which   gives   you   a   blast   of   cold   air   when   you   push   the   button .   the   button   is   easy   to   push   but   it   s   also   black   so   it   blends   into   the   hair   dryer .   i   would   have   liked   it   if   the   cool   shot   button   was   a   different   color .   other   than   that   though ,   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   powerful   and   efficient   at   drying   my   hair .   this   review   is   a   reflection   of   my   own   personal   experience   with   this   product .
love   the   diffuser   and   concentrator   attachments !   i   have   been   impressed   with   each   xtava   product   i   have   tried   and   this   hair   dryer   is   no   different .   this   dryer   is   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   hair   completely   in   a   short   amount   of   time .   i   like   the   attachments ,   especially   the   diffuser .   i   m   also   quite   fond   of   the   bright   blue   color .   product   provided   to   facilitate   this   review ,   but   all   opinions   are   honest   and   my   own .
one   star   not   good   at   all
...   thing   i   noticed   about   the   hair   dryer   was   the   sturdy   sleek   cord   which   felt   well   made   and   strong   the   first   thing   i   noticed   about   the   hair   dryer   was   the   sturdy   sleek   cord   which   felt   well   made   and   strong .   the   cord   is   long   enough   to   plug   into   the   wall   and   be   able   to   use   it   6ft   away   from   the   outlet .   the   hair   dryer   comes   with   the   concentrator   nozzle   which   i   would   have   died   without   but   it   doesn   t   bring   the   diffuser   nozzle   which   i   found   kind   of   odd   since   most   companies   include   both   nozzles .   anyway ,   so   i   plugged   in   the   hair   dryer   and   started   to   blow   dry   my   hair   using   the   same   brush   i   always   use .   i   tested   out   the   different   heat   settings   and   was   impressed   with   how   quickly   the   temperatures   change .   if   you   switch   from   hot   to   cold   it   happens   instantly   meanwhile   i   ve   owned   hair   dryers   that   take   at   least   20   30   seconds   just   to   make   the   temperature   change .   the   two   different   speed   settings   are   your   standard   low   and   high ,   yet ,   at   the   high   speed   the   noise   the   drier   makes   is   not   loud   at   all .   the   dryer   isn   t   completely   soundless   but   it   isn   t   obnoxiously   loud   compared   to   others   i   ve   owned .   i   found   that   when   i   used   this   hair   dryer   my   styling   time   was   20   30   minutes   quicker   than   usual .   in   addition ,   my   hair   felt   really   smooth   afterwards   and   the   end   result   wasn   t   as   frizzy   as   i   expected   considering   i   have   curly   hair   and   i   m   not   a   professional   at   blow   drying .   update   after   using   the   hairdryer   for   a   few   months ,   i   noticed   that   whenever   i   would   use   this   dryer   my   scalp   would   become   very   oily   right   after   blow   drying .   whenever   i   use   my   old   revlon   hair   dryer   my   scalp   remains   dry   and   i   have   never   had   this   issue   before .   i   haven   t   changed   any   other   hair   care   or   hair   tool   besides   this   dryer   so   this   must   be   the   culprit .   i   did   receive   this   complimentary   for   review   purposes   but   this   does   not   influence   my   opinion .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer .   fast   and   hot .   good   quality   product .
pulls   off   the   wall !   how   did   this   product   get   so   many   5   star   reviews   br   the   product   is   good   and   the   idea   of   a   wall   mounted   dryer   is   excellent .   the   product   fails   in   my   view   because   the   three   tiny   mollies   supplied   to   hold   it   to   the   wall   are   pathetically   under   engineered .   the   dryer   will   just   pull   off   the   wall   after   a   couple   of   times .   br   a   better   way   to   mount   is   to   drill   a   second   hole   in   the   mounting   plate   and   to   screw   it   to   a   wall   stud   with   long   screws .   br   another   good   product   hijacked   by   under   engineered   chinese   manufacture !
four   stars   nice   dryer !   just   as   expected .
i   have   fine   hair   so   my   hair   doesn   t   take   that   long   to   ...   okay ,   i   have   fine   hair   so   my   hair   doesn   t   take   that   long   to   dry ..... i   can   have   my   hair   dry   styled   in   about   3   minutes   with   this   powerful   blow   dryer   and   that   is   on   the   medium   heat .   great   dryer   with   a   nice   leopard   pattern .
five   stars   great   hairdryer
five   stars   el   producto   es   muy   bueno   br   the   product   is   very   good
horrible   the   hood   collapses .   the   hood   does   not   stay   mounted
really   nice   to   have   great   dryer .   really   like   how   there   is   a   constant   cool   setting   that   doesn   t   have   to   be   pressed   the   whole   time .   the   different   heat   setting   are   nice   as   well .   and   the   cord   keeper ,   oh   my   gosh   totally   radical .   no   more   wrapping   the   cord   around   the   dryer   for   me   i   hope  
i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   not   only   use   it   on   my   hair   but   i   use   it   with   my   crafting !   this   dryer   is   amazing .   multiple   heat   options   as   well   as   blowing   speed .   plus   another   button   for   cold   air .   great   dryer !   very   powerful .
works   really   well !   only   thing   is   control   switches   are   ...   works   really   well !   only   thing   is   control   switches   are   where   your   fingers   go   so   fingers   push   switches   and   changes   settings   while   blow   drying .
very   good   article !   i   have   4c   natural   hair   and   i   ...   very   good   article !   i   have   4c   natural   hair   and   i   use   the   large   comb   to   make   the   blow   dry ,   wonderful !   i   m   in   love   br   i   leave   in   france   and   the   article   was   well   packed
xtava   rimini   hair   dryer   my   hair   is   thick   and   long .   it   dries   frizzy   without   blowing   it   dry .   i   do   not   get   the   chance   to   go   to   the   salon   much .   the   attachments   on   this   dryer   make   me   feel   like   i   am   doing   something   for   myself   without   devoting   more   time .   i   love   the   color   blue   and   black .   i   loved   the   opportunity   to   use   this   dryer .   in   exchange   for   i   am   also   providing   my   honest   and   unbiased   opinion .   the   drying   time   on   my   hair   was   cut   down   by   a   few   minutes .   i   have   a   three   year   old   daughter   that   will   not   be   still   for   anything .   i   used   it   on   hers   for   just   a   minute   on   low   cool .   it   was   perfect .   not   too   strong   but   enough   to   help   knock   out   the   wetness .   i   prefer   the   high   warm   on   mine .   i   do   not   need   to   further   damage   my   hair .   which   means   cutting   out   the   drying   time   is   preserving   my   hair   some .   without   the   attachments   this   hair   dryer   should   travel   easily .   the   cord   is   not   too   heavy   and   should   roll   up   easily .
five   stars   excellent   product !   powerful   and   light   weight .. i   love   it ! ! !
dries   quickly !   i   have   thick ,   long   hair   and   this   was   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist .   it   is   very   powerful   and   dries   my   hair   more   quickly   than   anything   i   have   bought   before .   i   would   highly   recommend   this .
five   stars   love   it !
perfect   bought   for   my   son   and   he   loves   it   and   uses   it   every   day .   not   too   loud   which   is   great .
this   is   perfect !   i   have   thick   long   hair   that   takes   what   it   seems   like   hours   to   dry .   so   i   had   to   see   if   this   hair   dryer   was   as   great   as   it   says .   and   it   is !   my   hair   drying   time   got   cut   more   than   half   of   what   it   usually   is .   and   my   hair   doesn   t   feel   frizzy   like   it   does   most   of   the   time .   i   never   tried   a   iconic   hair   dryer   before   but   i   heard   good   things   about   it .   so   i   am   excited   to   have   this   one .   and   it   s   big   but   it   is   also   light   weighed ,   which   makes   it   perfect .   it   comes   with   two   attachments   and   i   tell   you   when   i   tried   both   of   them   out ,   it   felt   good   on   my   scalp .   it   was   like   a   light   massage .   i   am   proudly   leaving   my   honest   opinion   about   this   product   that   i   have   received .
five   stars   works   better   than   expected
recommended !   i   got   this   for   the   wife .   but   have   to   say   it   s   not   noticeably   lighter   than   the   previous   unit   we   had   but   it   is   very   sharp   looking .   the   controls   are   all   conveniently   placed   with   a   plenty   of   speed   and   heat   settings .   the   cord   is   of   very   good   quality   and   pretty   lengthy .   i   feel   for   the   price   it   s   a   very   good   buy   and   would   really   recommend   it .
no   more   clunky   dryer   i   received   this   hair   dryer   as   a   sample   for   review   and   evaluation   and   i   have   found   it   to   be   working   well .   it   comes   in   a   nice   box   that   is   very   suitable   for   gifting .   the   pros   on   this   dryer   for   me   are   that   it   is   lightweight ,   has   a   long   cord ,   is   sleek   and   not   bulky ,   and   comes   with   a   concentration   too .   the   con   for   me   someone   that   has   long ,   thin ,   fine   hair   is   that   it   tends   to   be   hot   even   on   the   lower   settings .   sometimes   this   is   a   pro   but   overall   for   my   hair   type   it   is   a   bit   too   hot   for   the   total   drying   process   so   my   hair   tends   to   be   more   tangled   at   the   end .   all   things   considered   i   still   think   it   s   a   great   dryer   and   i   realize   not   everyone   has   my   hair   type .
best   hair   dryer   ever   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   my   old   hair   dryer   would   take   me   20   mins   to   dry   my   hair   and   now   i   can   dry   my   hair   in   5   mins .
i   love   this   blow   dryer   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair ,   which   is   very   thick   in   very   little   time .   high   quality ,   especially   compared   to   the   blow   dryers   you   can   buy   in   the   local   market .
can   t   imagine   why   everyone   doesn   t   have   one !   after   12   years ,   my   old   exactly   the   same   dryer   died   it   didn   t   owe   me   a   thing .   i   was   pleased   to   find   the   same   design   still   available .   we   have   a   small   bathroom   so   i   don   t   have   the   space   to   leave   a   dryer   on   a   counter ,   and   i   m   certainly   not   going   to   take   one   out   each   morning   and   put   it   away   after   use .   this   is   so   darn   convenient !
okay   love   it   but   it   s   so   small .   can   t   wear   rollers   with   it   unless   your   willing   to   put   in   the   time   to   stretch   out   the   cap   and   pull   your   hair .
great   hair   dryer   great   dryer   love   the   diffuser   that   comes   with   it .   not   too   expensive   and   it   s   lightweight   and   compact .   very   highly   recommend
xtava   rimini   1800w   iconic   hair   dryer   with   diffuser   when   i   first   received   this   product   i   was   a   little   sketchy ,   as   hair   dryers   normally   make   my   hair   super   frizzy .   br   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing .   the   diffuser   works   just   as   it   should .   my   normally   frizzy   hair   was   smooth   and   flyaway   free ,   which   is   attributed   to   the   ionic   technology .   br   this   dryer   has   2   speeds   and   3   heat   settings ,   as   well   as   a   cool   button ,   which   is   always   good   after   a   long   time   of   use   on   your   scalp .   br   its   very   lightweight   and   easy   to   use .   even   a   beginner ,   like   myself ,   can   get   use   out   of   this   product .   br   it   has   a   nice   cool   blue   tone   on   the   front ,   which   is   good   for   me .   br   all   in   all   i   d   say   this   product   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   used   to   date .   would   highly   recommend   to   anyone .
very   good   deal   for   the   price   this   conair   works   so   much   better   than   most   blow   dryers .   it   is   a   great   color   and   had   a   great   output .   i   was   so   very   impressed   with   how   much   quality   you   get   for   the   price .   the   reason   i   am   giving   it   4   stars   is   because   it   is   a   little   heavier ,   not   cheap   plastic   at   all .
super   powerful !   from   a   very   picky   hair   dryer   super   powerful ,   blows   a   lot   of   air .   i   had   a   much   more   expensive   hairdryer   that   was   almost   double   the   price   for   the   past   6   years   before   this   one   and   this   one   is   even   more   powerful   than   my   old   one .   i   need   a   strong   hairdryer   b   c   i   have   very   thick   hair .   just   to   give   you   an   idea ,   wall   mounted   hair   dryers   at   hotels   are   totally   useless   to   me .   if   i   plan   to   dry   my   hair   while   traveling ,   i   have   to   bring   one .   this   one   comes   with   a   bunch   of   different   attachments .   and   i   like   the   animal   print   although   my   husband   does   not   but   that   print   was   much   cheaper   for   some   reason   than   the   solid   color   ones  
amazing   what   a   difference   this   hair   dryer   makes   whoa ... amazing   what   a   difference   this   hair   dryer   makes   !   ive   owned   many ,   none   that   compare   to   this   !   no   more   uncontrollable   or   fly   away   hair   !   its   like   magic   !   the   best   ive   owned   ! ! !
four   stars   does   it   job   but   too   noisy
good   value   for   money   nothing   fancy .   works   well   for   the   price .   good   value   for   money .
five   stars   good
four   stars   nice   price   nice   product   no   complaints
fast   and   dry !   works   great .   i   have   thick   hair   and   it   dries   really   quickly   with   this   hair   dryer .
great   hairdryer !   it   doesn   t   feel   cheap   and   i   like   how   the   top   is   long   enough   that   my   hair   i   have   mid   length   hair   doesn   t   get   sucked   into   the   back   of   it   where   the   fan   is .   buttons   are   easy   to   work   with ,   better   than   those   you   have   slide   up   and   down .
buy   this ! !   you   ll   love   it ! !   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned ! !   it   has   so   many   settings   you   could   never   burn   your   hair   unless   you   don   t   know   what   you   re   doing ,   which   seems   impossible ! !   i   can   dry   my   hair   in   half   the   time   it   s   so   strong ! !   that   s   the   biggest   deal   for   me ! !   plus ,   it   has   3   settings   for   how   strong   to   blow   dry ,   3   settings   for   how   hot   and   cool ,   plus   the   cool   button ! !   definitely   spend   the   money   on   this ,   it   s   worth   it ! !
five   stars   i   love   my   dryer !
five   stars   love   it   wish   it   had   a   comb   for   naturals   but   it   s   worth   it   .   great   blow   out   everytime
i   they   are   so   easy   and   light   to   handle   delivery   was   on   time !   i   they   are   so   easy   and   light   to   handle .   just   what   i   was   looking   for .   br   thanks   so   much ! !
a   good   unit   pretty   average .   just   what   i   needed ,   though .   about   what   i   expected ,   for   the   money .
five   stars   love   it !   heavy   and   durable   hair   dryer
love   it .   super   hot   and   really   nice   to   use .   serves   its   purpose ,   what   more   could   i   ask !  
one   star   quit   heating   after   60   days ,
love   this   dryer   i   have   thick   and   course   hair   and   it   takes   like   an   hour   or   so   to   dry   my   hair   and   with   this   dryer   it   takes   10   15   minutes .   so   glad   i   purchased   this .
was   fantastic ,   died   within   a   year .   i   absolutely   loved   this   dryer !   it   dried   my   thick ,   heavy   hair   so   fast !   also ,   the   cord   was   fantastically   long !   would   be   5   stars ,   but   i   bought   it   last   april ,   and   sadly   it   has   already   died   on   me .   there   seems   to   be   a   short   in   the   cord .   if   i   wiggle   the   cord   around   at   the   base   of   the   dryer ,   i   can   still   get   it   to   work   a   little .   tempted   to   buy   another ,   since   the   price   is   so   reasonable .
four   stars   recomendado ,
i   love   this   dryer   because   it   is   so   gentle   with   only   ...   i   love   this   dryer   because   it   is   so   gentle   with   only   two   settings .   the   band   on   the   bonnet   is   tight   at   first ,   but   after   weekly   or   biweekly   use   it   gets   a   bit   more   comfortable .   i   cover   my   ears   with   wrapp   it   bands   when   drying .   the   carrying   case   is   convenient   and   everything   fits   perfectly   inside   even   after   several   uses .
three   stars   kind   of   weak ,   not   quite   powerful   or   hot   enough   for   my   liking .
not   as   light   as   it   claims   to   be   im   tired   of   this   review   being   deleted . i   rated   it   5   stars   so   hopely   it   wont   be   deleted   again .   this   hair   dryer   is   heavy .
great   product   at   a   great   price   this   was   a   replacement   for   the   same   unit   we   d   had   for   years .   just   a   simple   snap   in   installation .   great   product   at   a   great   price .
love   this   hairdryer   love   this   hairdryer !   i   ve   had   maybe   5   or   6   of   them .   mostly   they   only   die   when   i   drop   them   on   the   floor .   i   love   the   fact   that   the   new   one   fits   the   wall   mount   from   the   last   one   and   i   didn   t   have   to   make   new   holes   in   my   wallpaper !   it   s   a   great   little   hairdryer   and   not   expensive .
i   like   it   purchased   because   i   needed   a   hair   dryer ,   but   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   lot   of   money .   i   like   it .   if   you   want   something   that   gets   the   job   done   and   doesn   t   cost   a   fortune ,   it   s   a   great   option   for   you .   i   ve   used   it   several   times   now   and   i   ve   had   no   issues .
why   didn   t   i   think   of   this   !   convenient   and   classy   wall   mount   hair   dryer .   no   fumbling   under   the   sink   or   closet .   available   when   i   want   it !
good   dryer   good ,   basic   dryer .   liking   it   a   lot .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer
faith   in   hairdryers   restored !   i   usually   dread   having   to   blow   dry   my   hair   as   it   is   very   long   and   pretty   thick ,   so   it   would   often   take   an   hour   or   more   to   get   it   almost   all   the   way   dry .   because   of   the   time   it   takes   to   blow   dry ,   and   the   fact   i   am   semi   lazy ,   i   have   had   the   same   motel   type   dryer   for   about   15   years   yikes   and   been   hesitant   to   buy   a   new   one   figuring   they   would   all   take   forever   to   dry   the   mop   on   my   head .   when   i   was   offered   the   xtava ,   allure   2200w   hair   dryer   to   review   for   an   unbiased   opinion   i   was   pretty   excited !   br   br   this   hairdryer   is   a   decent   size ,   yet   very   lightweight .   it   has   2   heat   settings   as   well   as   the   option   for   a   cool   blast   here   and   there .   there   is   also   a   detachable   piece   to   put   on   it   for   when   you   want   to   dry   your   hair   section   by   section   to   straighten   it .   br   br   after   trying   this   the   first   time ,   i   now   want   to   use   it   every   time   i   wash   my   hair !   it   is   super   easy   to   handle ,   which   is   awesome   if   you   re   all   over   the   place   flipping   your   hair   around   like   i   do .   one   of   my   favorite   parts   was   that   the   back   vent   didn   t   try   to   eat   my   hair !   my   old   one   would   suck   it   in   if   you   got   it   within   an   inch   of   that   vent ,   i   am   tendered   headed ,   it   hurt !   all   of   my   hair   was   dry ,   no   slightly   damp   spots   at   all   within   20   minutes .   i   highly   recommend   this   particular   hair   dryer   for   those   with   long   thick   like   hair .   yes   ladies   and   gents ,   it   is   possible   to   have   lots   of   hair   and   not   hog   up   the   bathroom   for   hours   on   end !
simply   amazing   this   dryer   is   amazing   i   have   3c   4a   hair   and   it   dried   and   straightened   my   hair   in   mins   wow !   love   it !
i   love   this   dryer   i   have   been   using   this   brand   and   dryer   for   10   years   now .   they   last   a   long   time   and   makes   my   job   as   a   stylist   satisfying .   its   gets   the   job   done   great   for   keratin   treatments   too
like   the   dryer   high   heat   is   very   high .   like   the   dryer .   this   is   the   second   one   i   have   bought .
five   stars   works   great ,   wife   happy
five   stars   works   as   expected
conair   name   sold   me !   somewhat   better   than   others   its   size   though   still   blows   very   hot ,   almost   to   hot   on   the   low   setting   but   is   useful   for   travel
love   my   hairdryer   i   couldn   t   live   without   it !
five   stars   excellent   seller ,   good   product ,   was   exactly   what   i   ordered ,   arrived   on   schedule   with   no   problems   and   works   perfectly ,   thanks
four   stars   daughter   is   very   satisfied .   dryer   does   everything   she   expected .   and   a   great   price .
three   stars   best   blowdryer   i   ve   owned ,   i   ve   had   it   for   3   years   and   still   works   as   good   as   new .
not   the   greenish   color   that   it   looks   like   in   the   listing   works   very   well   so   far .   seems   sturdier   than   other   brands .   dries   hair   quickly .   noise   is   per   a   normal   hair   dryer .   heat   and   air   velocity   both   normal .   br   i   went   through   3   or   4   of   a   competing   model   that   would   last   only   1   2   years   and   then   burn   out .   i   had   just   been   replacing   them   because   the   new   dryer   would   fit   into   the   old   wall   mount ,   but   decided   not   to   keep   shelling   out   money   for   an   inferior   product   that   did   not   last .   br   bought   a   different   competing   model   but   it   started   making   a   high   pitched   sound   after   2   days ,   and   did   not   get   hot   enough   to   efficiently   dry   hair   so   it   was   returned .   br   finally   bought   this   one .   it   is   not   as   aesthetically   pleasing   as   competing   models ,   but   not   quite   as   ugly   as   the   photo   makes   it   seem .   the   dryer   is   white   and   gray   wish   it   were   all   white   ,   but   the   gray   is   a   normal   gray ,   not   the   greenish   color   that   it   looks   like   in   the   listing .   the   wall   mount   does   not   install   flush   to   the   wall ,   as   others   have   mentioned ,   but   it   is   close   enough .   i   quickly   got   used   to   turning   it   on   and   off   at   the   wall   mount   it   not   the   annoyance   i   anticipated .   in   addition ,   if   you   put   it   in   the   wall   mount   while   it   is   on ,   it   automatically   turns   off ,   which   is   kind   of   convenient .   the   best   part   of   this   dryer   is   that   you   can   open   the   back   and   clean   the   fan   blades .   i   suspect   build   up   of   lint   on   the   blades   is   what   eventually   caused   the   other   dryers   to   burn   out ,   and   with   the   other   dryers   it   is   not   possible   to   access   the   blades   at   least   not   easily   .   thus ,   i   expect   this   dryer   to   last   longer .   there   is   also   a   34   hidden   34   setting   where   you   can   turn   the   power   up ,   and   i   did   that   when   it   first   arrived .
four   stars   it   dries   my   hair   very   fast   but   is   a   little   on   the   heavy   side .
amazing   hair   dryer ! ! !   i   absolutely   love   this   dryer !   i   was   a   bit   apprehensive   at   first   because   of   the   price   tag   but   it   s   well   worth   the   money .   i   have   curly ,   color   treated   hair   and   i   definitely   noticed   the   difference   using   this   hair   dryer   verses   my   old   one .   my   hair   feels   healthy ,   smoother ... as   if   i   just   came   back   from   the   salon !   great   product !
five   stars   best   hairdryer   on   the   market .   not   too   loud   and   dries   hair   fast .   i   should   have   bought   2
love   it   cut   my   drying   time   in   half ! !   love   it  
this   is   a   wonderful   hairdryer   i   love   this   hairdryer ,   so   lightweight   and   my   hair   is   great .   it   really   does   make   a   difference   to   have   a   great   hairdryer .
five   stars   better   than   expected .
one   star   i   don   t   know ...   grat   price   but   too   weak .
doesn   t   get   too   hot ,   looks   great   i   love   pink   anything !   what   can   you   say   about   a   hairdryer   it   dries   my   hair   nicely   lol .   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   i   expected ,   like   my   last   one   did .   but   it   s   a   nice   hairdryer   for   the   price !
five   stars   all   excellent ,   recommended   100  
five   stars   perfect .   just   what   i   wanted .   fast   delivery !
great   full   size   turbo   dryer .   great   dryer ,   it   s   fast   and   it   was   a   great   buy .
best   hair   dryer   i   ever   used   used   this   at   a   hotel   and   had   to   have   it !   best   hair   dryer   i   ever   used .
overall ,   i   m   happy   with   this   hair   dryer .   not   as   loud   as   other   hair   dryers ,   and   has   plenty   of   power .   i   don   t   feel   that   it   gets   as   hot   as   some   of   my   other   hair   dryers ,   but   that   s   probably   not   a   bad   thing   because   i   don   t   over   dry   my   hair .
a   great   lightweight   product   a   great   lightweight   product ,   easily   stored   on   a   shelf .   i   bought   it   to   heat   process   my   hair   color ,   and   it   does   the   trick .
five   stars   very   good   product .   love   it .   5   stars
five   stars   great   product !
works   great .   no   complaints   works   great .   no   complaints .   fyi   i   m   28   never   owned   a   hair   dryer   before   so   i   dont   have   anything   to   compare   it   to .   btw   if   you   think   it   this   product   sucks ,   it   doesn   t   it   blows .
four   stars   a   little   bit   too   big   for   travelling
straight   out   of   the   box   this   is   the   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   used   straight   out   of   the   box   this   is   the   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   it   is   really   light   weight   and   easy   to   handle .   there   are   3   settings   and   2   temps   with   a   cool   blast   for   setting   your   hair .   i   have   long   thick   frizzy   hair   that   some   days   i   would   love   to   cut   all   off .   my   other   hair   dryer ,   never   got   rid   of   any   of   the   frizziness .   big   plus   also   is   the   diffuser   attachment   that   is   included .   what   a   difference ,   with   the   1800   watts   my   hair   is   dry   in   1   2   the   time   and   is   smoother   than   i   could   have   every   imagined .   this   is   definitely   a   salon   grade   product   at   a   great   price .   i   did   receive   at   a   special   deal   and   love   the   fact   that   i   was   able   to   test   such   a   wonderful   product .
five   stars   nice   hair   dryer
the   ultimate   professional   hair   dryer   this   is   my   second   xtava   hair   dryer .   i   have   to   say   this   one   makes   even   that   one   look   wimpy .   i   cannot   believe   how   fast   it   dried   my   hair .   right   out   of   the   shower   and   it   was   only   about   4   minutes   for   my   thick   hair   to   be   completely   dry   and   cooled .   this   hair   dryer   is   a   little   hefty   compared   to   others   but   i   think   it   is   easier   to   handle   than   my   other   xtava .   also   even   though   the   hottest   setting   is   quite   hot   the   hair   dryer   itself   only   heats   up   at   the   end .   you   can   hold   the   barrel   if   you   need   to   maneuver   it .   br   br   the   power   was   unexpected .   my   hair   did   tangle   slightly   but   it   was   no   big   deal   considering   how   much   more   volume   i   gained .   even   after   brushing   my   hair   it   isn   t   flat .   my   hair   is   smoother   than   usual   as   if   i   had   flat   ironed   it .   the   hot   is   hot   and   the   cold   is   cold   as   if   you   had   air   conditioning   for   your   head .   so ,   you   don   t   have   to   spend   extra   time   cooling   after   drying .   it   was   a   matter   of   seconds   after   drying   to   having   perfect   cool   hair .   the   extra   power   of   this   dryer   may   have   a   learning   curve .   i   actually   had   to   figure   out   where   i   had   wet   hair   because   i   m   used   to   having   still   damp   hair .   anywhere   i   pointed   it   for   a   few   seconds   resulted   in   dry   sections   of   hair .   that   s   how   good   this   dryer   is .
professional   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer   by   xtava   i   am   very   impressed   with   this   allure   professional   hairdryer !   br   br   upon   arrival   it   was   packaged   in   a   nice   black   matte   box ,   with   stylish   decoration   and   writing .   hair   dryer   was   wrapped   in   a   plastic   covering ,   and   has   a   black   shiny   finish   and   matte   finish .   br   this   hair   dryer   is   super   quiet   and   performs   very   well .   very   lightweight .   br   there   are   3   heat   settings ,   and   2   fan   settings ,   as   well   as   a   cool   burst   button .   br   the   cord   is   very   long   and   heavy   duty ,   which   makes   it   nice   to   not   be   limited   in   cord   length .   br   it   has   an   angled   end   for   air   that   fits   over   the   end   of   the   blow   dryer .   br   br   the   blow   dryer   works   very   fast .   my   daughter   s   hair   usually   takes   about   8   10   mins   to   dry   and   that   dry   time   has   been   cut   in   half !   she   is   very   impressed   with   this   hair   dryer .   br   i   love   the   tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   blow   dryer ,   it   is   very   gentle   on   your   hair .   br   br   i   m   very   glad   i   was   chosen   to   test   and   review   this   hairdryer   from   xtava .
four   stars   it   works   really   well !
use   it   recently   n   it   was   good ..   item   was   the   exact   item   as   seem   on   the   pictures .   came   with   all   three   extra   pieces   for   blowing   out   the   hair .   use   it   recently   n   it   was   good ...... i   must   say   its   very   hot .   good   tool .   its   just   to   see   how   long   it   will   last .   but   no   regrets   in   this   purchase   n   i   m   loving   my   dryer
flawed   cord   is   way   too   short .   i   can   t   hold   it   over   my   head   when   standing   in   my   usual   spot .   also ,   it   s   not   hot   enough .   the   hottest   setting   is   more   warm   than   hot .   it   is   lighter   and   quieter   than   most ,   but   i   still   regret   buying   it .   i   did   not   tried   the   attachments .   they   went   into   the   trash   along   with   the   box .
seems   great   at   first   seems   great   at   first ,   but   it   s   not   great   for   long   hair   unless   your   unnaturally   careful   while   using   it .   it   s   always   a   possibility   that   long   hair   can   get   sucked   into   the   back   end   of   a   hair   dryer ,   but   because   of   the   extremely   small   size ,   it   happens   extremely   easily   with   this   one .   especially   if   you   flip   your   head   upside   down   to   dry   it ,   you   lose   even   more   control .   the   first   time   it   sucked   some   hair   up ,   it   lost   significant   drying   force .   the   second   time ,   it   stopped   working   altogether .   not   to   mention   the   hair   loss .   it   is ,   however ,   without   a   doubt ,   the   most   adorable   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   seen .
four   stars   love   it .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   very   quiet   but   strong .   it   puts   out   an   amazing   amount   of   heat .   the   only   negative   thing   i   can   say   is   that   the   buttons   are   right   where   my   fingers   are   and   sometimes   i   shut   it   off .
eehhh   the   powers   is   not   as   great   as   previous   dryers   i   have   owned .   i   bought   it   because   it   was   pink   pretty .   wish   i   hadn   t   now .
the   most   awful   hair   dryer   ever .   very   heavy   and   ...   the   most   awful   hair   dryer   ever .   very   heavy   and   the   hot   almost   burnt   my   hair .   make   a   light   weight   product   remington ! ! !
blows   me   away   great   appliance   for   the   price .
may   not   be   the   color   you   see   in   sales ,   but   it   runs   great !   my   old   and   expensive   blowdryer   that   i   received   as   a   birthday   present   still   ran   but   slowly .   hence ,   my   new   replacement .   would   have   been   happy   for   an   orange   one   but   sadly   amazon   sent   me   a   yucky   fuchsia   dryer .   at   least ,   it   works   great   and   has   more   options   than   i   thought .   great   for   someone   always   on   the   go !
andis   30975   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   normally   i   would   have   rated   this   item   as   very   high .   however   of   the   3   hair   dryers   purchased ,   one   was   defective .   while   the   hair   dyer   aspect   worked ,   the   green   light   bottom   left   side   did   not .   this   defect   was   not   apparent   until   the   hair   dryer   was   installed .   i   understood   this   to   be   a   good   hair   dryer ,   but   a   defection   like   this   does   not   look   good .   i   will   be   thinking   twice   about   any   future   purchases   of   this   hair   dryer   regarding   product   quality   as   i   can   t   afford   to   have   a   defective   unit   installed .   i   had   to   give   my   customer   a   40   discount   because   of   this .   not   good .   thank   you ,   david
more   settings ,   powerful   and   a   sleek ,   high   end   hotel   look   have   used   this   dryer   in   hotels   and   when   my   old   dryer   died ,   i   purchased   this   one .   have   had   it   a   few   months   now   and   absolutely   love   it .   it   is   the   only   dryer   i   have   used   that   has   both   a   low   and   a   high   fan   volume   on   the   cool   setting   in   addition   to   the   heat   settings .   it   s   mounted   in   the   guest   bathroom   and   everyone   who   has   stayed   with   us   have   commented   how   great   it   is   and   how   nice   it   looks .
her   old   one   is   going   bad ,   she   was   so   happy   when   i   got   it   ...   i   got   this   for   my   mother ,   her   old   one   is   going   bad ,   she   was   so   happy   when   i   got   it   for   her   birthday .   she   s   very   happy   with   the   product .   thank   you
good   basic   dryer   for   the   price .   nice   hair   dryer   for   the   price ,   but   it   wasn   t   anything   special   and   seemed   quite   basic .   i   didn   t   feel   as   though   my   hair   dried   any   faster   or   looked   any   different   than   the   old   basic   hair   dryer   i   ve   been   using   for   the   past   5   years   or   so .   i   do   like   the   color   and   the   fact   that   the   cord   is   quite   a   bit   shorter   than   the   cord   on   my   old   hair   dryer .
love   the   diffuser   i   am   one   of   those   lucky   people   who   can   achieve   poker   straight   hair   or   curly   hair   just   by   the   styling   tool   i   use   on   the   end   of   the   blow   dryer .   when   i   was   given   the   opportunity   to   test   this   ionic   hair   dryer   for   quality ,   i   was   super   excited .   there   were   many   things   i   liked   about   this   blow   dryer .   br   br   1 .   i   like   the   shape   of   the   unit .   i   was   able   to   hold   the   dryer   by   both   the   shaft   and   the   handle   depending   on   my   needs   to   get   the   best   angle   for   all   my   hair .   br   br   2 .   it   took   about   1   3   less   time   to   dry   my   hair   than   with   my   other   blow   dryer   even   though   that   one   has   more   watts .   i   m   not   sure   if   it   was   due   to   the   less   drying   time   of   the   fact   that   this   is   an   ionic   dryer   that   my   hair   was   less   frizzy .   it   s   winter   here   in   indiana   and   i   generally   have   to   use   argon   oil   on   my   hair   after   drying   to   tame   the   frizzies .   i   did   not   have   to   use   the   oil   after   using   this   blow   dryer .   br   br   3 .   it   s   extremely   light   weight   and   quieter   than   my   previous   dryer .   br   br   4 .   it   came   with   both   a   diffuser   and   a   concentration   nozzle .   i   use   the   diffuser   when   i   want   curly   hair   and   the   nozzle   when   i   want   to   go   straight   and   sleek .   br   br   one   thing   i   did   notice   is   a   burning   smell   the   first   time   i   used   the   unit .   by   the   time   i   finished   drying   my   hair   though ,   the   smell   was   gone .   overall ,   i   am   very   impressed   with   the   quality   and   results   of   this   rimini   xtava .
i   really   really   wanted   to   like   this   hair   dryer   i   really   really   wanted   to   like   this   hair   dryer ,   even   ordered   again   after   sending   back   the   first   one   that   arrived   without   the   concentrator   nozzle .   after   reading   all   the   great   reviews   raving   about   the   quality   of   the   hair   dryer   i   was   somewhat   disappointed   with   it ..   it   s   really   powerful ,   i   think   even   to   the   extent   that   it   can   over   dry   and   damage   certain   type   of   hair   if   one   is   not   careful ,   so   i   m   sure   it   will   dry   hair   in   a   shorter   period   of   time ,   but   i   still   have   doubts   about   it   being   ceramic   and   using   ionic   diffuse   technology   which   makes   hair   less   frizzy   and   damages   less ,   as   i   found   no   mention   of   it   on   the   hair   dryer ,   the   box   itself   or   the   paper   insert   that   comes   with   it .   the   hair   dryer   has   somewhat   cheap   and   plastic   feeling ..   the   seams   are   somewhat   poorly   made   they   scratch   your   hand   when   you   touch   them ,   and   the   cold   shot   button   is   not   a   real   button   per   se ,   it   s   a   piece   of   plastic   hanging   there ,   which   i   think   can   get   stuck   in   or   broken   after   some   use ..   anyway ,   it   s   an   ok   hair   dryer   for   the   price ,   very   powerful ,   deserving   the   title   professional ,   but   somewhat   cheaply   made ..   i   guess   it   makes   it   easier   to   write   raving   reviews   about   a   product   if   you   don   t   pay   for   it ,   but   for   the   price   you   can   get   a   little   less   powerful   but   higher   quality   product
four   stars   this   is   nice .....
five   stars   wife   loves   it
great   dryer ...   great   dryer ...   i   just   wish   the   cord   wen   further   up   into   the   retractable   handle .
needs   to   be   permanently   mounted   in   order   to   be   truly   useful .   too   big   and   heavy .   needs   to   be   permanently   mounted   in   order   to   be   truly   useful .
four   stars   daughter   loves   it
dangerous ! !   dangerous ! ! !   br   this   hair   dryer   is   so   not   worth   your   ! ! !   as   reported   by   other   reviewers   the   flat   sliding   on   off   switch   was   difficult   to   operate ,   especially   if   your   hands   were   not   totally   dry .   the   folding   handle   stopped   staying   open   after   6mo .   this   created   a   significant   pinching   hazard .   after   9mo   the   dryer   began   to   over   heat   each   time   it   was   used .
five   stars   very   good
high   quality ,   great   price   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   comes   with   two   attachments   which   help   keep   the   heat   damage   to   hair   at   a   minimum .   the   design   is   aesthetically   pleasing   and   easy   to   use .   it   heats   evenly   and   does   a   fantastic   job .   it   is   high   quality   for   a   great   price .   i   recommend   this   product .
five   stars   great   purchase ! !
five   stars   amazing
four   stars   bought   for   my   girlfriend   and   she   proclaims   its   the   best   she   has   ever   owned .
two   stars   just   okay .
five   stars   amazing !
four   stars   okay   product
it   s   okay .   it   works ,   but   the   switch   is   really   cheesy .
quick   dry .   i   like   the   xtava   hair   dryer .   it   work   good   and   i   don   t   have   any   problem   with   it .   this   hair   dryer   has   two   speeds   and   3   heat   settings   that   is   good   so   you   can   control   how   much   heat   you   need .   this   dryer   comes   with   attachment   to   help   dry   your   hear   directly   on   the   spot   that   you   need   and   not   making   the   rest   of   your   hair   frizzy .   for   my   straight   thick   hear   the   dryer   works   very   good   and   i   was   sent   this   for   review ,   however   it   does   not   effect   my   thoughts   and   opinions .
five   stars   love   the   product   great   service
great   hairdryer .   love   this   hairdryer   so   much   i   have   an   extra   one   in   my   guest   bathroom !
im   in   love ,   wooooow   wooooooooooow   ! ! ! ! !   this   baby   dries   hair   in   a   blink   of   an   eye .   i   am   a   cosmetologist   and   blowouts   blowdries   are   my   salons   main   ingredient   this   thing   save   me   10   15   minutes ,   in   a   salon ,   this   means   more   clients   and   more   money   .   i   told   a   colleague   of   mine   and   now   we   are   ordering   more .   hopefully   this   product   can   be   as   good   as   the   first   day   for   a   while .   ps ,   i   just   placed   a   second   order   for   2   more .
great   buy !   this   is   a   great   hairdryer .   very   pleased ,   even   if   it   is   a   slight   pink .
five   stars   great   blow   dryer !   does   a   wonderful   job .   will   not   buy   another   brand .
maximum   blow ! !   this   is   a   great   unit .   compact   put   full   of   power .   i   wish   this   was   the   standard   unit   used   by   hotels .   highly   recommended .
three   stars   only   last   for   one   year .
this   is   a   really   nice   hair   dryer   this   is   a   really   nice   hair   dryer ,   the   only   reason   i   did   not   give   it   5   stars   is   that   its   a   little   heavy   for   me .   it   dries   nicely   and   very   quiet   compared   to   any   other   dryers   i   have   had .   i   will   definitely   keep   it ,   i   can   use   the   workout .
don   t   go   near   this   worthless   product .   can   t   bla   the   company   but   this   item   does   not   work .   it   falls   off   with   the   suction   cups   and   can   cause   issues .   save   your   money .
product   intended   for   japan .   no   english   manual .   the   dryer   looks   good   and   works .   i   ordered   this   because   a   friend   s   recommendation .   honestly ,   i   feel   it   is   a   bit   overly   expensive .   i   was   hoping   my   hair   would   be   smooth   and   shiny   after   use   but   the   outcome   was   not   that   great .   plus ,   there   is   no   english   manual ,   only   japanese   one .   a   bit   frustrated .
four   stars   loud   like   most   hair   dryers .   i   like   the   temperature   setting   and   retractable   cord .   air   flow   very   good .
lightweight   but   works   well   i   purchased   this   unit   when   the   more   expensive   hair   dryer   i   had   purchased   from   staples   online   had   a   bonnet   that   would   not   have   fit   the   head   of   a   tiny   baby .... let   alone   an   adult   with   curlers   in   her   hair !   br   this   dryer   is   very   lightweight   and   doesn   t   put   out   very   hot   air   but   it   is   sufficient   to   dry   your   hair   just   takes   a   little   longer   and   the   price   was   great .
bs   thumbs   down .   so   pissed   well   i   first   wrote   this   product   was   amazing ,   until   having   it   for   a   few   months .   this   hairdryer   keeps   on   shutting   off   ! ! !   soooo   annoying !   prob   not   even   real   babyliss
which   is   perfect   for   extremely   good   results   for   styling   and   drying   your   ...   xtava   rimini   iconic   hair   dryer . is   1800   w   . which   is   perfect   for   extremely   good   results   for   styling   and   drying   your   hair   with   in   short   period   of   time . it   helps   ur   hair   hair   from   getting   frizzier   and   more   dry   looking   by   different   speed   for   air   blow   and   two   power   buttons   . also   contains   two   attachments . which   can   be   used   for   focussed   precise   area   u   need   to   style   or   dry   . without   affecting   the   remaining   part   of   the   hair . after   using   the   second   attachment   i   am   surprised   to   see   the   difference   in   my   hair   as   it   looks   more   shinier   and   don   t   forget   to   use   the   cool   feature   after   you   done   drying   your   hair   it   gives   such   a   finished   look   to   the   hair   keeping   it   more   natural   and   free   flowing . i   have   tried   other   xtava   products   too   like   allure   and   i   must   say   xtava .   products   have   proffessional   results   got   excellent   motor   . safe   to   be   used   by   urself   and   economical   in   price   with   all   the   required   features   . i   will   definetly   recommend   this   without   any   hesitation
i   did   my   research   before   buying   a   new   hairdryer   and   ...   i   did   my   research   before   buying   a   new   hairdryer   and   this   one   fits   the   bill   without   having   to   spend   1   200 .   it   works   well
five   stars   excellent
save   time   and   money !   do   it   yourself   the   quality   of   this   dryer   is   outstanding !   i   will   save   alot   of   money   and   time   doing   my   hair   with   this   equipment   without   the   need   of   the   salons ... a  
great   blow   dryer   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   it   is   so   much   more   powerful   than   the   one   i   have   been   using   and   gets   my   hair   dry   in   half   the   time   the   box   says   80   of   the   time   but   i   swear   it   seems   faster   than   that   .   i   can   t   believe   i   have   been   wasting   time   drying   my   hair   when   there   have   been   products   on   the   market   like   this   that   will   get   it   done   so   much   faster .   until   now   i   didn   t   realize   there   was   a   difference   but   i   swear   there   is .   when   i   use   this   blow   dryer   my   hair   seems   more   voluminous   than   when   i   use   my   old   one .   this   is   also   very   lightweight   and   sleek ,   not   to   mention   the   fact   that   it   is   quiet .   i   couldn   t   believe   how   quiet   it   was !   if   you   are   looking   for   a   professional   blow   dryer   i   would   highly   recommend   this   one .   this   product   was   provided   to   me   for   testing   and   quality   evaluation .
works   great .   second   one   of   this   week ,   works   great .
a   total   bust ! ! !   i   would   have   gone   with   0   stars   if   i   had   that   option .   i   gave   this   to   my   daughter   for   her   semester   in   spain .   she   said   it   overheated   this   first   time   she   used   it   and   has   been   afraid   to   use   it   again .   so   this   product   was   basically   a   complete   waste   of   money .   the   bad   part   is   i   got   an   email   saying   the   first   one   i   ordered   wasn   t   coming   so   i   ordered   a   second .   the   first   one   came   as   well   as   the   second .   i   didn   t   need   a   blow   dryer   to   use   in   the   states   so   now   i   have   one   that   can   t   be   used   and   i   that   i   don   t   want
five   stars   fast   shipping   and   undamaged .
great   hairdryer   this   hairdryer   is   light   yet   powerful .   my   first   one   lasted   over   15   years ,   i   m   hoping   this   one   lasts   as   long   or   longer !
recommended   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   super   cute ,   sleek   and   looks   professional .   it   has   a   lot   of   functions   and   it   drys   my   hair   fast .
a   lil   nosey   but   is   good   for   drying   fast   dryer .   a   lil   nosey   but   is   good   for   drying .   recommend   it   to   anyone   looking   for   a   portable   hair   dryer
good   value .   exactly   as   expected .   good   value .
very   powerful ,   and   with   3   heat   settings ,   and   ...   very   powerful ,   and   with   3   heat   settings ,   and   two   speed   settings ,   this   has   everything   the   pro   s   want   ....   a   very   well   made   product   that   is   built   to   last   ...   i   give   it   the   highest   rating .
good   blow   dryer   this   works   very   well .   it   s   my   second   conair ,   and   i   think   i   will   enjoy   using   it .
good   machine   powerful   and   adjustable
unreliable   stopped   working   in   5   weeks
four   stars   very   good   works   welll
five   stars   nice   product ..... works   great
i   really   needed   a   new   dryer   and   i   m   glad   i   picked   this   one   i   really   needed   a   new   dryer   and   i   m   glad   i   picked   this   one !   it   has   great   power   and   i   like   the   folding   handle .
four   stars   works   great !
five   stars   my   wife   is   very   happy ! !
i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   did   a   lot   of   research   as   to   what   people   where   saying   was   the   best   hair   dryer   nowdays   and   it   consistenly   showed   this   one !   i   love   the   high   pressure   and   the   different   settings .   my   hair   is   silky   and   definitely   not   frizzy   by   the   end   of   a   hair   drying   session .  
five   stars   works   great .   abundant   heat .   quieter   than   its   predecessor .
five   stars   wife   loves   it !
would   not   recommend   i   purchased   the   product   for   its   retractable   cord   and   this   did   not   work .   would   not   recommend
so   credits   to   amazon   prime   for   being   fantastic .   unfortunately   i   got   them   on   time ,   so   credits   to   amazon   prime   for   being   fantastic .   br   unfortunately ,   the   product   was   defective   and   didn   t   work   at   all .   the   material   used   is   very   cheap ,   flimsy   plastic   and   the   weight   of   it   is   disturbingly   light .   i   do   not   recommend   this   product   even   for   people   who   rarely   use   their   hair   dryers .
love   it !   this   hairdryer   is   great .   i   bought   it   because   we   recently   moved   and   i   couldn   t   find   my   hairdryer   in   the   sea   of   boxes .   i   ve   had   mine   a   long   time   so   it   was   also   a   good   excuse   to   get   a   new   one .   i   have   fine   thin   hair .   this   hairdryer   not   only   dries   my   hair   very   quickly   but   it   gives   it   a   lot   of   volume   that   i   really   need .   i   m   very   happy   with   my   purchase .   i   realize   now   how   lousy   my   old   dryer   is .
best   dryer   ever !   i   have   baby   fine   hair   that   takes   forever   to   dry .   every   morning ,   i   spend   about   fifteen   minutes   blow   drying   my   hair   with   a   regular   dryer   before   i   flat   iron   it .   after   i   tried   this   dryer   for   the   first   time ,   my   hair   was   dry   within   seven   minutes .   i   used   the   diffuser   to   prevent   frizz   and   lifted   my   roots   as   i   dried   it .   it   gave   my   hair   some   extra   bounce   and   body .   i   did   not   use   any   styling   products   except   for   a   heat   activated   repair   cream   that   i   always   use .   this   is   the   only   blow   dryer   i   will   use   from   now   on   and   i   would   definitely   recommend   it   to   anyone   who   wants   a   faster   dry   time .   br   br   i   was   provided   a   free   product   for   review   purposes   but   it   does   not   alter   my   opinions .   i   was   not   compensated   in   any   other   way .
greeeeeat   now   this   is   what   u   call   a   blow   dryer
new   favorite   hairdryer   the   collapsible   handle ,   the   stow   away   cord ,   the   power   of   the   motor ,   all   these   features   make   this   hair   dryer   really   great .   price   was   right ,   too !   highly   recommend !
five   stars   substantial   and   stylish .   works   well .
bulky   this   dryer   works   great .   only   complaint   is   that   it   is   a   little   bulky .   br   that   being   said   ......   my   wife   loves   it .
i   go   straight   or   curly   with   this   wonderful   xtava   rimmini   hair   dryer !   very   happy   and   really   impressed   with   my   new   xtava   iconic   hair   dryer !   i   have   curly   hair   that   is   difficult   to   straighten   and   that   is   ok !   with   this   hair   dryer   and   the   diffuser   i   am   able   to   achieve   beautiful   curly   hair   that   is   soft   and   bouncy   with   no   frizzies .   i   love   how   it   has   different   setting   from   no   heat   to   hot   and   low   air   to   a   lot ,   so   i   have   the   options   i   need   and   want   for   achieving   any   hair   style   i   want !   today   i   decided   i   wanted   my   hair   to   look   sleeker   and   was   totally   able   to   do   so   with   the   directed   tool   and   a   round   brush !   i   have   loved   giving   you   all   my   review   and   opinions   in   exchange   of   complementary   product .
extremely   light !   first   of   all ,   this   blow   dryer   is   extremely   light .   surprisingly   light   even .   if   you   have   long   hair   or   a   lot   of   it   ,   that   is   something   you   will   surely   appreciate .   it   also   has   a   very   powerful   motor   so   that   you   can   get   the   job   done   in   no   time   at   all .   if   you   are   like   me   at   all   you   need   to   get   your   hair   dry   as   fast   as   possible   in   the   morning   so   you   can   get   on   with   your   day .   and   not   frizzy   dry   as   many   blow   dryers   are   good   at   accomplishing .... but   sleek   and   sexy   dry .   the   diffuser   nozzle   of   this   product   makes   that   possible   for   me .   it   stays   on   securely   while   drying   my   hair   and   diffuses   the   air   just   enough   that   my   hair   no   longer   frizzies   up .   br   br   some   tips   on   using   the   diffuser   br   1   apply   your   choice   of   hair   products   br   2   allow   your   hair   to   dry   75   before   using   the   diffuser   if   you   are   in   a   rush ,   use   regular   blow   dryer   first   without   nozzle   br   3   use   clips   if   you   want   to   add   volume   at   the   crown   of   your   head   br   4   if   you   have   time ,   use   the   cool   setting   to   dry   your   hair   with   the   diffuser .   if   not   enough   time ,   use   medium   to   ensure   your   hair   will   not   frizz   br   br   i   am   truly   honored   that   i   was   offered   the   opportunity   to   review   this   product   at   no   cost   to   me .   every   once   in   a   while   you   just   know   you   have   a   winner   on   your   hands ,   and   this   is   such   a   product .   stylish ,   effective ,   fun   and   extremely   light .   br   br   highly   recommended .   br   br   product   received   free   or   at   a   discount   in   exchange   for   my   review
no   complaints   so   far   so   far   so   good .   powerful .   does   make   my   thin   hair   look   more   volumn .
conair   1875   watt   works   great ,   sometimes   cord   re   winder   does   not   rewind   all   the   way   which   can   be   a   little   frustrating .   i   had   a   model   similar   that   lasted   many   years   so   when   it   died   i   bought   this   and   it   works   the   same   and   has   the   same   issues   with   the   cord   winder .   however   i   still   like   it   very   much   as   it   does   blow   alot   of   air   which   is   why   bought   it   again .
frizz   be   damned !   this   midsize   but   powerful   dryer   is   a   game   changer .   i   love   it !   i   have   layered ,   waist   length   hair   that   becomes   a   frizz   mess   if   not   blow   dried   properly .   the   volare   v2   dries   my   hair   smooth   and   silky .   i   ve   been   using   sedu   6000   which   blows   too   strong   and   gets   really   hot   surges   that   smokes   my   hair .   v2   has   the   perfect   combination   of   heat   and   airflow ,   and   the   cool   temp   actually   blows   cool   air .   my   hair   dries   and   styles   faster   with   the   v2   than   the   sedu .   made   in   italy .   four   year   warranty .   my   search   for   the   perfect   dryer   is   over .
four   stars   works   great
...   hair   dryer   for   3   years   now   and   it   works   great .   i   m   very   surprised   by   reading   some   negative   reviews   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   3   years   now   and   it   works   great .   i   m   very   surprised   by   reading   some   negative   reviews .   i   have   never   had   any   problems   with   my   hair   dryer .   my   hair   is   very   fine   so   it   gets   the   job   done   in   5   minutes .   my   only   complaint   is   that   it   s   a   little   loud   for   me   cause   i   have   a   baby   that   takes   naps   all   the   time .   other   than   that   it   s   a   great   basic   hair   dryer , nothing   fancy .   although   i   did   buy   mine   at   walmart   cause   it   was   cheaper
money   s   worth !   really   great   product   for   the   money !
this   is   a   fine   hair   dryer   this   is   a   fine   hair   dryer ...   i   am   sorry   it   is   so   large   however   as   i   have   a   tender   shoulder ...   that   makes   it   hard   to   use   at   times ...   the   dryer   however   is   a   good   one .
my   mom   wanted   a   small   and   powerful   hair   dryer   and   ...   my   mom   wanted   a   small   and   powerful   hair   dryer   and   when   she   opened   this   on   christmas   day   she   was   quite   excited !
normal   hair   dryer   with   diffuser   attachment   is   still   better ...   i   was   in   the   market   for   a   diffuser ,   and   i   never   bought   one   before ...   i   will   say   this   is   the   first   and   last   diffuser   i   will   ever   buy .   i   ll   stick   with   a   regular   hair   dryer   with   a   diffuser   on   the   end .   br   br   the   heat   in   this   isn   t   as   hot   as   i   would   like   it   to   be ,   compared   to   my   normal   hair   dryer   that   gets   really   hot .   i   had   to   diffuse   my   hair   on   low ,   and   this   wasn   t   hot   enough .   also ,   the   low   power   was   too   low   and   the   high   power   was   too   high .   i   also   did   not   like   how   the   air   circulated   in   circles   compared   to   the   air   coming   out   of   a   regular   hair   dryer   in   a   straight   motion .   the   circular   motion   blew   all   of   my   curls   out   think   if   it   like   a   fan   you   use   to   cool   your   house   ,   and   i   don   t   have   that   happen   on   my   regular   blow   dryer .   i   will   say ,   that   my   natural   curls   are   not   very   tight ,   and   my   goal   when   diffusing   my   hair   is   to   help   maintain   my   curls   with   a   low   heat ...   this   did   not   cut   it   at   all ..   not   hot   enough ,   and   the   way   that   the   air   circulated   blew   my   curls   out .   i   m   not   sure   if   it   is   just   this   product   or   if   it   includes   other   diffusers   like   this   as   well ...   but   i   am   sticking   to   my   normal   hair   dryer   with   diffuser   attachment !
power   and   results   by   far   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   used   and   for   the   price   is   definitely   worth   getting   one   of   these   bad   boys !   make   sure   to   clean   the   back   every   now   and   then   just   place   against   your   vacuum   hose   to   get   excess   hair   and   debris !
five   stars   my   all   time   favorite   dryer !
three   stars   it   came   without   instructions .   works   okay .   nothing   above   average   about   it .
works   great ,   gets   the   job   done   very   happy
weak   not   the   drying   power   expected
okay   for   travel ,   but   miss   my   cheaper   version .   miss   the   cool   shot   feature   of   my   cheaper   dryer ,   don   t   feel   like   it   gets   as   hot   either .
three   stars   yea
five   stars   great   service ,   very   nice   blow   dryer .
very   happy   the   dryer   is   great   great   temperature   control   too   and   very   quiet .   this   is   very   important   since   i   live   in   an   apartment .   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   timer   should   also   be   quiet .   it   is   constantly   ticking   it   s   not   loud   but   you   notice   when   in   use   so   you   hear   it   especially   when   you   re   in   the   dryer .   when   the   dryer   is   finished   it   34   dings   34   that   it   s   done   and   it   can   startle   you   if   you   are   not   expecting   it .   i   just   have   to   get   used   to   the   ticking   timer   but   in   general   i   am   very   happy   with   the   dryer .
powerful   and   affordable   hair   dryer .   this   is   a   great ,   powerful   and   affordable   hair   dryer .   it   really   shortened   dry   time   significantly .   i   purchased   one   for   my   daughter ,   but   ended   up   getting   2   more   for   me   and   my   mom .   we   all   love   it .
disappointment   description   stated   this   product   was   powerful   and   had   the   cool   shot   option .   it   does   not   have   a   cool   shot   option ,   and   is   far   from   powerful .
conair   1875   watt   turbo   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   works   very   well .   this   a   very   inexpensive   hair   dryer   and   i   have   been   told   it   will   not   last   very   long .   i   do   not   use   it   to   dry   my   hair   buzz   cut   .   i   use   it   for   household   projects ,   when   i   need   to   dry   whatever   i   am   working   on .   most   recently ,   i   used   it   to   adhere   plastic   over   my   windows   to   keep   out   the   draft   during   the   winter .   once   in   awhile   you   need   a   hair   dryer   in   the   house ,   even   though   you   do   not   use   it   to   dry   your   hair .   this   hair   dryer   is   powerful   and   will   do   the   job .
lightweight ,   sleek   and   powerful   my   daughter   and   i   are   fighting   over   this   hairdryer !   we   both   tired   it   out   and   love   it .   br   it   is   black ,   not   a   silver   color   as   in   the   picture   very   sleek   in   design .   it   is   lightweight   to   handle   with   a   thick   black   cord .   i   knew   this   was   going   to   be   a   powerful   dryer   as   soon   as   i   took   it   out   of   the   box .   br   it   is   listed   as   2200w   and   it   does   not   disappoint .   my   daughter   has   thinner ,   straight   hair .   it   took   us   minutes   to   dry   her   hair   on   a   medium   heat   setting .   the   high   heat   setting   is   very   hot .   we   did   not   use   it .   br   i   have   thick ,   coarse ,   curly   hair .   a   few   minutes   on   medium   heat   and   a   low   air   setting   and   i   was   good   to   go .   br   we   were   given   the   opportunity   to   test   and   try   this   dryer .   based   on   our   experience   and   our   different   hair   styles ,   we   both   love   this   dryer   and   stand   behind   it   based   on   its   quality   and   construction .   br   we   love   the   design   and   the   heat   air   flow   settings .   this   is   a   powerful   ,   well   designed   dryer   that   will   last   for   a   long   time .
happy   lady   so   far   this   hair   dryer   is   great .   last   year   i   purchased   a   conair   one   similar   to   this ,   and   it   seemed   to   over   heat   easily .   i   like   the   fact   that   this   one   has   a   low , medium ,   and   high   setting .   the   attachments   that   came   with   it   are   pretty   good .   i   know   a   lot   of   people   were   complaining   about   the   brush   being   too   soft ,   and   i   can   see   why   they   say   that .   fortunately   my   hair   isn   t   that   thick ,   so   the   soft   brush   works   fine   for   me .
best   thing   i   have   bought   so   far   it   works   really   well !   best   thing   i   have   bought   so   far !
this   hair   dryer   is   quieter   than   my   old   one   and   definitely   dries   my   hair   pretty   fast .   my   only   problem   with   it   is   that   ...   i   am   very   picky   with   my   hair .   i   ve   only   used   hair   dryers   100   so   buying   this   one   was   a   huge   risk   for   me !   i   have   very   long ,   straight   hair   that   without   any   heat   comes   out   wavy   and   sometimes   frizzy .   this   hair   dryer   is   quieter   than   my   old   one   and   definitely   dries   my   hair   pretty   fast .   my   only   problem   with   it   is   that   the   attachment   falls   off   occasionally   and   the   cord   is   insanely   short .
four   stars   great   dryer   for   my   hair .   felt   drying   time   faster
five   stars   muy   bueno
good   hair   dryer   love   it ..   small   hands   and   it   is   very   good   and   lasts   a   long   time .
very   unhappy   with   this   dryer .   i   wanted   to   return   ...   very   unhappy   with   this   dryer .   i   wanted   to   return   it ,   but   between   a   restocking   charge   and   postage   it   just   isn   t   worth   the   trouble .   the   dryer   is   much   larger   than   it   looks   and   would   stick   out   from   the   wall   approximately   6   inches .   it   will   go   into   the   donation   box ! ! !   don   t   order   it ! !
five   stars   works
five   stars   good
five   stars   exelente
love   this   hair   dryer   ! !   i   have   never   used   a   hair   dryer   that   could   dry   my   long   hair   in   under   30   minutes   until   i   tried   this   one   !   this   works   amazingly   and   i   love   the   way   this   hair   dryer   looks   ,   so   sleek   looking   .   i   would   recommend   this   item   to   anyone   who   is   looking   for   an   affordable ,   well   working   hair   dryer   ! !
three   stars   does   the   job
good   buy   best   blowdryer . hair   will   be   dry   in   record   time .   only   wish   the   concentration   nozzle   was   permanently   attached .
for   the   price ,   you   can   t   beat   it .   simple   ...   for   the   price ,   you   can   t   beat   it .   simple   to   use   no   adjustments   beyond   34   low   off   high .   what   more   can   a   person   want !
underpowered   to   use   as   a   hairdryer   i   m   not   sure   why   the   wide   range   of   reviews .   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   who   has   thin   blonde   hair .   before   buying   it   for   her ,   i   noted   that   many   reviewer   said   it   worked   for   them   and   they   had   thick   dark   hair .   there   were   also   reviews   of   people   saying   it   was   way   under   powered   and   wouldn   t   dry   their   hair .   so   i   can   t   figure   out   whether   the   quality   varies   from   hairdryer   to   hairdryer   or   if   the   raving   reviews   are   bogus .   but ,   the   hairdryer   my   wife   received   was   too   weak   and   took   over   an   hour   to   dry   her   shoulder   length   hair .
where   s   the   heat   had   it   for   only   a   few   months   and   it   already   is   losing   it   s   heating   element .   also   the   dial   to   change   the   heat   doesn   t   work .   the   attachments   are   flimsy   and   get   stuck   easily .   i   can   t   wait   for   it   to   completely   break   so   i   can   buy   one   that   works   properly .   i   wish   i   read   all   of   the   reviews   for   this   product .   never   again   will   i   make   that   mistake .
three   stars   do   not   get   hot   enough   and   a   little   smaller   than   what   i   thought .
five   stars   bueno
great   dryer !   i   noticed   less   static   in   my   hair   after   the   first   time   of   using !   i   also   notice   more   body   if   i   use   moose .   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   a   normal   hair   dryer   but   i   have   no   problem   putting   up   with   that   if   it   makes   my   hair   look   better !   i   also   thought   the   price   was   great   compared   to   other   dryers   of   its   likeness .
four   stars   love   the   temperature ... does   not   blow   too   hot .   getting   use   to   the   button   locations .
great   dryer   this   is   a   great   dryer   for   my   curly   frizzy   long   hair .   makes   it   smoothe
five   stars   good
five   stars   love   it !
four   stars   works !
five   stars   love   it   it   dries   my   hair   beautifully
salon   quality   at   home !   i   received   this   hair   dryer   for   review   and   testing   purposes .   br   this   hair   dryer   is   heavy   but   it   packs   a   lot   of   heat   and   did   not   make   my   hair   frizzy .   br   i   have   wavy   hair   and   i   washed   it ,   put   a   repair   cream   on   , then   toweled   dried   it   and   put   the   dryer   on   low   speed   and   it   was   drying   my   hair   fairly   quickly .   i   used   a   vented   paddle   brush   to   blow   dry   and   then   i   put   it   on   the   second   higher   heat   setting   until   i   finished   the   process .   after   that   i   pressed   the   cool   shot   button   and   it   came   out   cold .   i   felt   like   i   was   a   holding   a   salon   quality   dryer   at   home .   i   give   this   product   5   stars !
five   stars   awesome
this   is   a   good   little   unit   four   stars .... might   upgrade   this   to   5   in   the   next   month   or   so .   this   is   a   good   little   unit ,   perfect   for   travel   or   light   use .   the   first   one   overheated   after   3   5   minutes   of   use ,   i   was   able   to   exchange   it   with   the   vendor ,   and   the   replacement   unit   seems   to   work   perfectly .   once   its   used   a   few   more   times ,   i   ll   either   upgrade   the   rating   or   comment   below .   not   a   bad   dryer   overall ,   and   it   comes   with   2   attachments .   a   pokey   thing ,   and   a   duck   bill   thing .
vacuum   or   blow   dryer   i   like   it ,   but   it   doesn   t   really   sound   like   a   normal   hair   dryer ,   it   sounds   more   like   a   vacuum .
so   good !   much   better   than   my   previous   hot   tools   that   ...   so   far ,   so   good !   much   better   than   my   previous   hot   tools   that   blew   up .   it   is   heavier ,   but   dries   my   hair   faster   and   with   less   tangles .
does   not   work .   it   never   worked .   not   dual   voltage   as   it   is   said   to   be .   will   never   buy   any   electric   item   from   amazon   again .   epic   waste   of   my   money
three   stars   not   as   strong   as   i   would   like   it   to   be
i   ve   only   had   to   replace   one   of   these   units   and   everybody   seems   to   love   them .   i   have   a   vacation   rental   close   to   a   nationally   known   hike   bike   trail   and   many   of   my   guests   are   here   for   recreational   activity .   in   3   years ,   i   ve   only   had   to   replace   one   of   these   units   and   everybody   seems   to   love   them .
but   good   brush   is   a   bit   soft ,   but   good   product
five   stars   wife   likes   very   much .   been   in   use   3   months   still   going   strong .
one   star   died   after   about   6   months   of   use
five   stars   favorite   dryer   ever !
yes   t   the   yellow   bird !   even   though   i   just   got   this   week ,   i   used   on   both   my   daughters   hair   to   blow   out   for   the   first   time ! ! !   i   bought   this   because   i   remembered   my   former   stylist   using   this   tool   on   my   hair   years   ago !   i   saw   the   price   and   jumped   on   it !   it   s   not   fancy   but   it   has   four   settings   from   cool   to   high   heat   and   if   you   know   how   to   use   a   blow   dryer   properly   then   you   should   be   fine !   thanks   amazon   for   having   st   half   the   price   as   walmart !   .   worked   like   s   charm   on   my   girls   and   i   only   used   cool   and   warm   heat !   they   have   lots   of   curly   hair !
five   stars   comes   in   handy   4   travel   or   a   quick   fix   it .
it   s   a   good   hair   dryer   so   i   tested   my   new   allure   2200w   hair   dryer   and   so   far   i   really   like   it .   it   dries   my   long   hair   in   no   time   and   and   it   doesn   t   leave   my   hair   frizzy .   it   is   lightweigth   and   it   looks   nice .   the   chrome   looking   lint   trap   at   the   back   can   be   twisted   easily   and   pulled   out   for   cleaning .   it   looks   nice   but   be   very   careful   because   correct   me   if   i   am   wrong   it   is   made   out   of   a   plastic   material   that   seems   like   it   will   easily   break .   i   am   going   to   use   and   keep   this   hair   dryer   in   the   bedroom   vanity   just   incase   i   drop   it ,   it   will   fall   on   the   carpet   floor .   the   extra   attachment   that   came   with   it   is   also   nice .   i   also   have   a   1875w   conair   infinity   that   i   have   been   using   for   years .   i   love   it   but   i   compared   the   two   today   and   they   seem   to   blow   about   the   same   amount   of   air .   if   allure   is   blowing   harder ,   i   cannot   really   tell .   the   small   button   to   press   cool   air   is   a   bit   hard   to   press   but   truth   is ,   i   never   use   the   cool   air   function   anyway   so   it   dont   really   matter   for   me .   over   all ,   i   will   start   using   this   allure   from   now   on   and   will   give   him   hubby   the   conair   one .   the   other   minor   things   does   not   hindrance   the   funtionality   of   this   hair   dryer   so   if   you   are   planning   to   buy   this ,   go   ahead ,   give   it   a   try .   i   think   you   will   like   it   too .
i   bought   a   plug   adapter   will   be   perfect   for   greece .   just   change   setting   to   220   250   and   plug   in   to   adapter .
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   in   addition   to   its   useful   purpose ,   i   like   the   retracting   cord   so   that   when   the   dryer   is   put   into   a   drawer ,   the   cord   is   not   getting   into   everything   else   in   the   drawer .
  it   is   very   nice   !   motor   sounds   are   not   cheep   dryer   at   all .   it   is   very   powerful .   especially   my   long   hair   ! !   br   i   am   so   satisfied   with   this   item .   br   but   only   i   don   t   think   i   need   that   it   call   skin   make   moisture   to   your   face   dial .   i   don   t   think   it   working   noticed   in   the   us ,   because   japan   are   more   humidity   country   but   not   in   the   us .
i   love   this   hairdryer   i   love   this   hairdryer !   it   dries   my   hair   in   well   over   half   the   time   my   old   one   did .   the   removable   back   allows   you   to   clean   all   the   lent   and   stuff   that   gets   in   there   over   time .   it   s   perfect ,   and   it   comes   with   a   ton   of   attachments .
shiny ,   frizz   free   hair   super   fast   i   am   so   in   love   with   this   hairdryer .   my   hairdryer   gave   out   recently   so   i   was   on   the   hunt   for   a   new   one .   i   purchased   one   in   the   store   for   double   this   price   and   i   was   not   satisfied   with   it .   it   left   my   hair   frizzy .   one   of   my   favorite   things   about   this   hairdryer   is   the   slanted   handle .   it   fits   perfectly   in   my   hand   and   it   s   just   the   right   angle   to   dry   my   hair   without   twisting   my   hand .   another   great   thing   about   this   hair   is   that   it   really   does   dry   your   faster .   i   am   really   amazed   by   how   fast   it   dries   your   hair   and   does   not   leave   you   with   a   frizzy   head .   i   can   actually   use   the   high   speed   and   not   make   a   mess   of   my   hair .   i   love   the   3   temperatures .   most   hairdryers   offer   heat   with   the   option   of   the   cold   button   that   you   have   to   hold   down .   this   hairdryer   not   only   has   the   cold   press   button ,   but   also   high   heat ,   low   heat ,   and   cool .   so   you   don   t   have   to   hold   down   the   cold   button   because   the   cool   button   is   cold   enough .   i   like   to   start   out   on   high   heat   all   over   then   i   divide   my   hair   and   use   low   heat .   after   drying   is   complete ,   i   like   to   set   my   hair   with   the   cool   option .   the   concentrator   nozzle   is   just   the   right   size .   you   can   also   remove   the   screen   on   the   back   of   the   hairdryer   for   easy   cleaning .   this   is   an   amazing   hairdryer .   i   love   that   i   got   the   opportunity   to   test   this   hairdryer   in   exchange   for   my   honest ,   unbiased   opinion .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   hairdryer !
five   stars   it   is   the   best   hair   dryer !
five   stars   was   as   described   and   worked   well .
quality   professional   hair   dryer   that   really   works   great   i   purchased   this   for   a   professional   hair   stylist   with   ten   years   experience .   this   is   the   best   dryer   she   s   used   thus   far .   the   price   was   amazing ,   less   than   half   of   what   i   almost   paid   locally .   drying   hair   with   this   is   much   like   aiming   your   head   at   a   turbine   engine   with   very   high   velocity   constant   airflow   and   heat ,   it   dries   hair   in   about   1   3   the   time   of   others   she   s   used .   i   m   very   satisfied   with   this   purchase .
four   stars   it   works   well ,   it   s   a   blowdryer .
it   caught   on   fire .   quit   after   a   few   months .   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   because   the   one   i   was   using   was   10   years   old   could   reasonably   be   expected   to   die   soon .   the   old   one   is   still   working .   this   one   is   dead .
i   hate   blow   drying   my   hair   i   hate   blow   drying   my   hair .   its   long   and   thick   and   my   arms   are   hurting   because   it   takes   so   long   to   get   everything   dry .   i   can   t   ever   get   a   style   to   hold .   i   tried   a   blow   out   once .   once .   so   when   i   was   given   the   opportunity   to   review   this   product   for   free   i   thought   34   what   do   i   have   to   lose   34   br   br   thats   when   i   realized   ive   always   just   had   a   crappy   blowdryer .   the   cord   is   super   long   and   thick   so   it   doesn   t   get   very   tangled   during   use   and   i   have   freedom   of   movement .   the   power   is   really   amazing .   it   only   took   about   10   minutes   give   or   take .   i   appreciate   the   warm   setting   because   heat   dries   my   scalp   out .   the   blast   of   cool   air   made   my   hair   shiny .   the   nozzle   was   great   for   taming   frizz .   this   dryer   has   made   blow   drying   my   hair   less   of   a   chore .   i   can   t   wait   to   try   my   next   blow   out !
works   great !   i   am   very   happy   with   my   new   dryer   from   xtava ... my   previous   ones   were   revlon   both   the   same   model   ... the   first   one   got   pitched   because   the   cord   was   becoming   severed   from   the   dryer ... the   second   because   it   started   making   a   horrible   noise   and   sparked   at   me !   as   long   as   this   new   one   doesn   t   do   that ,   i   will   be   happy ! !   i   hope   it   lasts   a   long   time !   it   s   a   cute   design ,   i   have   the   blue   flower .
it   is   a   very   good   item .   very   easy   to   switch   on   it   is   a   very   good   item   .   very   easy   to   switch   on ..   perfect .
three   stars   not   as   strong   as   i   expected
five   stars   this   replicates   the   same   dryer   i   had   for   years   but   finally   bit   the   dust .   long   time   conair   buyer .
i   like   this   dryer   but   it   is   a   little   bit   larger   ...   i   like   this   dryer   but   it   is   a   little   bit   larger   than   i   wanted .   work   really   well   and   is   not   too   loud .
...   dryer   so   i   could   dry   my   silky   terrier   s   long   fine   hair   after   her   bath   i   had   to   have   a   hair   dryer   so   i   could   dry   my   silky   terrier   s   long   fine   hair   after   her   bath .   i   needed   a   dryer   that   was   lightweight   because   several   years   ago   i   hurt   my   hand   and   it   s   hard   for   me   to   hold   a   heavy   hair   dryer   for   very   long .   this   is   perfect .   it   s   very   lightweight ,   small   and   easy   for   me   to   hold .   i   love   this   hair   dryer   and   don   t   mind   using   it ,   as   it   doesn   t   hurt   my   hand   at   all .
five   stars   love   it .   now   my   hair   looks   like   i   just   left   the   salon .   quick   dry   time   and   great   sheen
this   is   the   best   at   getting   the   results   were   looking   for !   absolutely   in   love   with   my   new   xtava   professional   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer !   i   really   got   the   results   i   was   looking   for .   as   i   am   reviewing   for   free ,   after   washing   and   conditioning   i   towel   dried   my   hair   and   combed   out .   i   then   proceeded   to   use   my   round   brush   to   blow   out   my   hair   and   it   worked   out   very   nicely !   i   really   like   just   how   well   built   it   is ,   looks   and   feels   very   durable   and   high   quality .   i   also   love   the   settings   as   well ,   hot   high   heat   down   to   low   cool   air ,   it   s   perfect !   i   highly   recommend   for   anyone   who   is   looking   to   achieve   ultra   stylish   do   s   to   those   just   looking   to   dry   their   hair   in   the   morning .   this   xtava   hair   dryer   will   not   disappoint !   i   am   so   happy   to   have   had   this   opportunity   to   present   my   review   to   you   out   there ,
...   used   this   dryer   while   at   a   renaissance   suites   and   loved   it .   when   i   returned   home   i   used   this   dryer   while   at   a   renaissance   suites   and   loved   it .   when   i   returned   home ,   i   looked   it   up   online   and   ordered   it .   i   m   just   as   pleased   with   it   as   i   was   with   the   one   at   renaissance   suites   because   it   is   lightweight ,   quiet ,   and   efficient .
sturdy ,   a   bit   bulky   gets   incredibly   hot   sturdy ,   a   bit   bulky   gets   incredibly   hot .   so   if   buying   for   salon   use   be   careful   when   using   with   bleach   on   high   heat .   it   gets   very   hot .
great   product !   my   wife   loves   it !   uses   it   all   the   time !   thank   you
five   stars   nice
quality   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   this   is   by   far   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   first   i   would   like   to   say   that   alot   of   hair   tools   claim   to   be   professional   but   aren   t   really ,   but   this   hair   dryer   gives   the   look ,   feel   and   performance   of   a   professional   tool .   it   comes   nicely   packaged   in   a   sturdy   box   and   the   dryer   itself   has   a   great   looking   sleek   design .   it   has   a   thick   long   cord .   it   dries   hair   so   much   faster   than   what   i   have   used   in   the   past   and   i   love   that   it   offers   different   speeds   and   heat   settings . i   also   really   like   the   concentrator   nozzle   to   use   to   focus   on   certain   areas .   overall   i   am   really   impressed   with   this   hair   dryer   and   would   definitely   recommend   it .   i   am   so   glad   i   was   given   the   opportunity   to   try   out   this   product   at   no   charge   and   share   my   opinions   about   it .
i   enjoy   that   the   warm   is   enough   to   dry   thick   is   holding   up   well ,   i   enjoy   that   the   warm   is   enough   to   dry   thick   hair
five   stars   best   hair   drier   i   have   ever   owned !
one   star   i   had   expected   a   cordless   dryer ..... that   is   what   i   had   asked   for .   i   returned   the   product
happy   wife   wife   loves   it   and   says   its   one   of   the   better   dryers   that   she   has   used ..
but   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   for   how   inexpensive   this   hair   dryer   was ,   i   was   a   little   worried   about   the   quality ,   but   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer !   it   is   quality   made ,   and   actually   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   had !   it   dries   the   hair   quickly   without   getting   too   hot ,   or   too   cold ... it   is   just   right !
didn   t   like   the   buttons   didn   t   like   the   buttons .   i   ve   returned   it .   i   m   giving   3   stars   not   1   because   i   used   to   have   conair   hair   dryer   and   it   was   quite   good .
great   value   great   price ,   dries   hair   fast ,   great   for   winter   days ,   lots   of   speed   and   heat   options .   only   the   bilious   orange   color   might   be   an   issue .
four   stars   great   dryer   ! ! ! !
tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer   this   blow   dryer   is   awesome !   it   uses   tourmaline   ionic   technology   for   drying ,   which   i   was   looking   for .   it   dries   my   hair   with   less   damage   compare   to   other   form   dryers .   rimini   1500w   tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   professional   hair   dryer   is   inexpensive .   it   comes   with   concentration   nozzle   and   customized   diffuser .   it   is   lightweight   and   the   quality   worth   higher   end   hair   dryers .   it   has   cold   shot   button ,   3   level   heat   button ,   and   high   and   low   power   settings .   i   am   pleasantly   surprised   by   how   good   it   works !   it   dryers   my   hair   in   half   the   time   as   my   old   dryer   and   my   hair   is   so   smooth   and   soft .   no   more   frizzies .   this   product   was   provided   for   review   by   by   xtava .
fantastic   purchase !   love   this   hairdryer !   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   lots   of   it   so   it   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   but   it   takes   less   than   five   minutes   with   this   hairdryer .   there   s   one   attachment   that   comes   with   it   which   diffuses   the   air   wide   and   i   use   it   to   give   more   volume .   i   realized   how   miserable   my   drying   experience   was   before   this   purchase .   well   deserve   5   star   rating !
...   setting   for   drying   my   hair   without   holding   down   a   cool   setting   and   trying   to   manipulate   the   dryer   on   my   ...   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   i   wanted   a   cooler   setting   for   drying   my   hair   without   holding   down   a   cool   setting   and   trying   to   manipulate   the   dryer   on   my   hair .   this   dryer   does   an   amazing   job   in   drying   my   hair   without   the   damage   that   hot   air   does   to   my   hair .   cool   air   actually   makes   hair   appear   shiny   and   closes   the   follicles   making   the   hair   seem   healthier .
super   fast   hair   drying   time   without   the   frizz   super   fast   hair   drying   time   without   the   frizz !   so   much   better   than   the   dept   store   options   for   the   same   price   or   even   more ... very   happy
defective   product   i   bought   this   hairdryer   ... twice   ... for   the   retractable   cord .   on   the   first   one   i   received   the   cord   didn   tretract   at   all   so   i   returned   it   and   asked   for   a   replacement .   i   figured   it   was   a   fluke .   replacement   was   only   slightly   better .   cord   retraction   was   rough   and   sporactic .   so   i   returned   for   a   refund .   amazon   arranged   for   the   free   return   and   pickup   of   both   hair   dryers .   so   i   may   have   unhappy   with   the   purchases   but   the   return   process   was   a   very   good   experience !   it   is   just   a   defective   design ... my   husband   picked   up   one   at   target   and   the   retractable   cord   didn   t   work   on   it   either !
five   stars   great   item .   lightweight .   very   effective   at   drying   the   hair .   highly   recommend !
shine ,   fast   dry   time   without   burning   your   hair ,   low   price   but   good   quality   i   spent   a   lot   of   time   researching   various   dryers   and   was   willing   to   pay   around   100   to   get   a   34   good   34   one .   i   was   intrigued   by   this   dryer   because   of   the   tourmaline ,   ceramic   and   promise   to   boost   shine .   i   was   also   drawn   to   this   particular   diffuser   because   of   the   long   prongs .   i   was   turned   off   by   the   low   price   because   i   assumed   it   would   be   poor   quality .   i   was   pleasantly   surprised   by   the   quality .   the   dryer   is   light   weight ,   quieter   than   my   former   dryer   and   much   more   efficient .   i   have   long ,   curly   and   very   thick   hair .   this   dries   my   entire   head   in   15   minutes   without   burning   my   hair .   my   former   dryer   took   30   to   35   minutes   and   didn   t   give   me   the   shine   this   one   does .
precision   nozzle   ceramic   hair   dryer !   videoid   e5ff7a1f6cf2306e1ed10662c3a2720f   my   hair   is   so   thick   it   used   to   take   me   almost   30   minutes   to   dry   it   even   with   the   use   of   a   hair   dryer ,   until   i   used   this   professional   ionic   hair   dryer !   i   love   the   precision   the   concentrator   nozzle   provides   allowing   me   to   focus   the   heat   exactly   where   i   need   it   the   most .   this   allows   my   hair   to   dry   much   faster   since   all   the   air   is   going   directly   where   the   hair   is   still   wet .   the   nozzle   is   easy   to   attach   just   by   pushing   it   on   the   hair   dryer   when   it   is   powered   off .   br   br   the   hair   dryer   has   2   speed   settings   and   3   heat   settings ,   so   if   my   niece   wanted   to   use   this   she   could   she   has   really   thin   hair   so   she   doesn   t   need   a   high   setting ,   or   much   heat   ... i   love   the   cold   shot   button ,   i   use   a   big   round   brush   to   give   a   little   curl   on   my   bangs .. i   hold   the   brush   in   place   use   the   heat   to   give   a   shine   and   volume   to   my   bangs   and   then   i   do   a   cold   shot   for   a   minute   to   lock   in   the   look ,   sometimes   adding   a   little   hair   spray   before   i   use   the   cold   shot .. it   works   perfectly !   br   br   i   love   the   hook   being   attached   to   the   hair   dryer   so   i   can   hang   it   up   when   i   am   not   using   it .. less   clutter   on   my   bathroom   sink !   this   hair   dryer   is   well   made   and   absolutely   my   favorite   one   i   have   ever   used .   the   cord   is   thick   and   sturdy   which   is   great   because   it   will   not   break   as   easily .   i   was   provided   a   sample   for   evaluation   and   review .
good   but   night   light   is   too   bright   good ,   compact   hairdryer .   looks   nice   and   works   well .   i   have   short   hair   so   set   it   on   the   lower   volume .   also ,   hardwired   it   to   an   outlet .   what   i   do   not   like   about   it   is   the   night   light .   it   s   too   bright .   i   think   i   am   going   to   disable   it .
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer ,   light   weight   easy   to   hold .   my   one   complaint   is   that   the   diffuser   was   quite   difficult   to   attach   the   instructions   did   not   mention   how   to   attach   it .   i   had   to   read   other   reviewer   comments   for   advice .
i   feel   like   i   just   came   out   of   the   salon   i   bought   this   item   and   got   it   today   and   i   did   my   rollers   and   all   and   i   just   loveeee   the   way   it   works !   its   small   the   hood   is   really   big   to   put   rollers   .   i   feel   like   i   just   came   out   of   the   salon .   money   well   spent   !
great   for   travel   this   is   a   great   little   hair   dryer .   i   have   chin   length   hair   and   it   was   perfect .   there   is   a   lot   of   air   coming   out ! !   it   comes   with   a   little   carry   case ,   and   several   min   attachments .   very   light   weight .   it   only   has   a   high   and   a   low   setting   so   there   is   no   real   temp   control .
user   and   buyer   friendly   it   is   a   good   feel   in   my   hand ,   and   i   suffer   from   carpel   tunnel   syndrome .   i   can   hold   it   with   a   solid   grip .   the   one   reason   it   is   not   five   stars   for   me   is   the   cord .   although   the   angle   of   it   looks   like   a   good   idea ,   it   can   sometimes   get   in   my   way   when   i   am   trying   to   work   with   a   round   brush   on   the   back   of   my   head .   however ,   i   am   very   satisfied   with   my   purchase ,   because   the   heat   options ,   air   flow   settings ,   weight ,   sound ,   and   looks   are   all   attractive   and   smooth .   it   has   not   smoked ,   over   heated ,   or   gotten   too   heavy   while   i   have   been   using   it .   i   can   have   it   on   and   my   boyfriend   can   still   sleep   in   the   bed ,   with   a   closed   door   as   the   only   seperation   between   us .   arguably ,   he   is   a   heavy   sleeper .   overall ,   i   am   happy   and   plan   to   use   my   complimentary   discount   code   on   another   product   from   this   friendly   company .
not   a   good   choice   for   me   pro   it   has   a   very   fast   cool   cycle   something   i   ve   always   wished   for   in   other   dryers .   cons   the   controls   are   very   difficult   for   me   to   work   with   the   machine   running   the   placement   is   maybe   made   for   a   bigger   hand ,   but   i   can   t   reach   the   cool   button   comfortably   when   i   m   using   my   right   hand .   the   diffusor   is   very   hard   to   attach ,   and   even   harder   to   detach .   and   this   one   is   my   fault   i   just   assumed   that   all   dryers   came   with   a   concentrator ,   but   this   one   doesn   t .   i   tried   attaching   the   concentrator   from   my   revlon   dryer   that   just   stopped   working ,   and   it   doesn   t   fit .   shouldn   t   they   be   universal   unfortunately   i   threw   out   all   the   packaging   after   i   checked   to   make   sure   it   worked   upon   delivery .   otherwise   i   would   return   it .
light   compact   good   works   wonderful   and   fast .   but   the   cold   press   button   got   unglued .   powerful   great   for   gym .
my   gf   loves   it .   she   says   it   does   no   ...   my   gf   loves   it .   she   says   it   does   no   damage   to   her   hair   and   she   uses   no   heat   protection   treatment .
five   stars   dries   quickly
five   stars   exact   replacement   for   what   my   wife   has   used   for   years
good   value   works   well   and   is   very   portable .
five   stars   power   and   great   tangle   proof   retractable   cord .
5   years   for   10 ...   yes ...   not   a   styling   hair   dryer   good   for   quick   dry ! ! ! !   there   s   a   lot   of   low   reviews   for   this   hair   dryer   and   most   are   because   it   s   loud .   yes ,   it   is   loud .   i   don   t   use   a   hair   dryer   to   style   my   hair   i   just   want   it   to   dry   it   as   quickly   as   possible .   i   have   long   hair   to   my   lower   back ,   its   mostly   straight   and   very   fine   hair .   i   part   my   hair   in   the   middle .   then   turn   it   on   to   the   highest   speend   and   hot .   i   dry   my   left   side   in   5   mins   then   my   right   side   another   5   mins .   this   is   the   3rd   time   i   ve   bought   this   hair   drier .   the   1st   one   died   when   i   dropped   it .   r . i . p .   the   second   one   just   died   after   5   years ...   it   wouldn   t   heat   up .   5   years   for   20 ..   that   s   a   good   deal   to   me .   if   you   re   looking   for   a   fancy   hair   dryer   to   carfeully   and   apparently   silently ...   continue   looking .   if   you   re   looking   for   a   hair   dryer   that   will   dry   your   hear   in   10   15   mins   if   you   have   thick   hair   then   this   one   could   be   it .
just   order   it !   wife   loves   it !   great   bank   for   the   buck !
so   far   so   good ...   had   to   switch   it   to   the   higher   setting   for   my   wife   s   needs ,   but   it   s   working   ok .   we   ll   see   in   the   future ,   as   some   reviews   question   it   s   durability .
nice   hairdryer   very   happy   so   far ,   i   haven   t   owned   this   very   long   but   it   seems   to   work   very   well ,   it   has   a   lot   of   settings   so   i   can   always   find   what   i   need   for   my   hair .
five   stars   great   product ,   can   t   beat   that   price !
two   stars   worked   ok   for   a   little   while ,   then   the   power   and   heat   went   out .
five   stars   best ,   most   powerful   blow   dryer   ever !
five   stars   works   good
great   little   dryer   light   weight   and   small   and   great   power ... very   pleased   with   this   little   dryer .   bought   it   for   travel   but   may   end   up   using   for   every   day .
five   stars   1   year   and   still   works   great !   excellent   buy
amazing   dryer   by   xtava ! !   i   love   this   allure   professional   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer   by   xtava ! ! !   when   i   received   this   hair   dryer   in   the   mail   i   was   so   excited   to   test   it   out   as   my   old   hair   dryer   just   crapped   out   the   other   day   and   i   ve   been   without   a   hair   dryer .   i   m   in   love   with   the   design   quality   of   this   hair   dryer   i   love   the   sleek   black   design ! ! !   this   hair   dryer   is   also   made   of   high   quality   materials   which   is   a   plus   for   me   as   it   needs   to   be   able   to   last   a   long   time .   its   pretty   light   it   weight   compared   to   my   old   dryer   with   i   love   so   it   won   t   made   my   wrist   tired   since   i   have   long   hair   that   normally   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   i   need   to   be   able   to   have   a   dryer   that   light   enough   to   hold   for   a   long   time .   this   dryer   includes   a   concentrator   nozzle   with   i   love   and   works   amazingly ! !   this   attachment   is   said   to   direct   maximized   condensed   air   flow   to   the   area   you   are   targeting ,   adding   precision   and   focus   while   controlling   frizz   and   style   outcome   which   it   definitely   does ! !   it   also   seems   to   dry   my   hair   a   lot   faster   then   my   old   dry   with   saves   me   time ! !   it   also   has   a   2   speed   settings   and   3   heat   setting   which   work   wonders   and   are   a   great   feature   to   have ! !   i   am   really   impressed   with   this   dryer   i   definitely   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer   by   xtava   brand   to   everyone   ! !   i   was   so   excited   to   receive   this   hair   dryer   from   the   company   to   test   and   share   my   opinion ! !
four   stars   great   blow   dryer .
plastic   junk .   the   speed   and   heat   setting   buttons   are   ...   plastic   junk .   the   speed   and   heat   setting   buttons   are   flimsy   and   hard   to   operate .   also   the   smell   of   the   motor   is   awful .   on   most   dryers   the   smell   abates   after   a   few   uses .   this   one   smells   as   if   it   s   burning .
i   love   it ,   of   course   my   husband   used   it   before   ...   i   love   it ,   of   course   my   husband   used   it   before   i   did .   it   does   not   burn   me   like   other   hair   dryers ,   it   does   not   frizz   my   thin   hair .
teenage   fashionista   works   great ! !   i   purchased   this   for   my   teenage   daughter .   she   absolutely   loves   it  
rate   it   zero   stars   way   too   loud .   cord   keeper   is   a   nice   touch   but   returned   it   to   prevent   hearing   loss .   going   back   to   using   a   hair   band   for   the   cord .
works   well   a   great   hairdryer .   it   seems   to   get   my   hair   dryer   faster   than   ones   i   ve   used   in   the   past .   the   color   is   pretty   too .
this   blow   dryer   works   great .   it   never   frizzes   my   hair   and   the   temperature   ...   this   blow   dryer   works   great .   it   never   frizzes   my   hair   and   the   temperature   control   settings   are   really   nice !   it   is   not   too   heavy   and   i   can   easily   dry   my   long   hair   without   getting   a   workout !   i   also   really   enjoy   the   color .   awesome   product !
the   diffuser   is   crap   and   the   fan   speed   and   heat   settings   are   way   ...   a   far   cry   from   the   remington   hairdryer   i   have   had   for   10   years   but   an   acceptable   backup .   the   diffuser   is   crap   and   the   fan   speed   and   heat   settings   are   way   too   slow   low   to   dry   as   quickly   as   my   previous   dryer .   another   hairdryer   to   add   to   the   collection   bin .
good   dryer .   this   dryer   replaced   our   old   one ,   which   finally   gave   up   the   ghost .   it   is   powerful   and   easy   to   control   with   the   dual   thumb   controlled   switch   which   regulates   heat   and   fan   speed .
i   had   to   send   this   product   back   because   the   heat   ...   i   had   to   send   this   product   back   because   the   heat   holes   in   the   dryer   head   are   to   high   to   dry   the   back   and   sides   of   my   head .
best   hairdryer   ever !   i   always   come   back   to   this   model   of   hairdryer !   i   ve   had   a   couple   of   these   hair   dryers   over   the   years   and   i   love   them !   they   last   a   long   time ,   they   are   lightweight ,   the   buttons   are   easy   to   use   along   with   the   cold   shot   button   and   they   dry   my   hair   quickly !   i   ve   tried   other   hair   dryers   from   conair   and   returned   them   because   they   just   didn   t   perform   as   well   for   styling   my   hair   while   blow   drying .   the   last   model   i   tried   was   the   conair   infinity   pro   which   is   twice   the   price   of   this   model .   the   nozzle   without   the   attachments   was   too   narrow   so   i   couldn   t   style   my   hair   well   plus   it   was   very   heavy !   i   returned   that   one   the   same   day   and   went   back   to   this   model   because   it   has   always   worked   well   for   me !   i   won   t   stray   again .   i   actually   purchased   three   of   these   since   i   noticed   that   now   their   is   a   new   model   of   this   hair   dryer .   i   would   really   miss   this   one   if   they   discontinued   it !   since   these   last   a   long   time ,   i   should   be   set   for   hair   dryers   now !   it   s   a   great   performing   hairdryer   and   the   price   is   perfect !
love   them .   they   get   very   hot ,   love   them .
five   stars   very   pleased .
five   stars   works   well .   i   have   thin   hair   and   it   dries   it   quickly   but   i   have   body !
five   stars   funky   wild   color   and   works   great   on   my   curls !
be   careful   it   runs   very   hot !   this   hairdryer   worked   ok   for   me   but   did   not   last   too   long .   it   runs   very   hot   on   the   high   setting   i   sometimes   worried   it   might   explode   because   it   was   soooooo   hot .   therefore ,   i   mostly   used   the   2   lower   settings .   one   day ,   it   quit   altogether .   the   one   good   thing   about   it   it   was   quieter   than   any   other   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   owned .
great   hair   dryer !   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   used   in   a   long   time .   it   s   lightweight ,   easy   to   handle ,   and   not   bulky   at   all .   it   also   is   high   powered   and   dries   my   hair   is   less   time   than   the   dryer   i   was   previously   using .   as   someone   with   thick   hair   that   is   used   to   spending   tons   of   time   just   drying   my   hair ,   this   is   a   huge   plus .   the   black   color   of   the   dryer   is   also   sleek ,   and   i   like   that   it   comes   with   the   concentrator   attachment .   product   provided   to   facilitate   this   review ,   but   all   opinions   are   honest   and   my   own .
one   star   good
good   sturdy   economical   dryer   bought   this   for   my   daughter   she   has   no   complaints
five   stars   very   strong   and   powerful   hair   dryer .   a   little   bit   heavy ,   but   i   don   t   mind .
one   star   it   did   not   work
has   held   up   for   over   year   now .   i   only   use   it   about   once   a   week   though   has   held   up   for   over   year   now .   i   only   use   it   about   once   a   week   though
fast !   was   purchased   to   use   oversees .   compact   and   light .   works   super   fast   and   does   the   job !
five   stars   ok
it   is   amazing ! !   i   have   very   long   thick   hair   that   is   chemically   straightened   and   high   lighted .   usually   i   go   through   2   3   hair   dryers   a   year   and   never   get   my   hair   completely   dry ....   until   this   dryer .   it   is   amazing ! ! !   normally   it   takes   30   45   minutes   for   it   to   be   somewhat   dry   but   not   with   this   dryer .   my   hair   was   completely   dry   in   15   minutes .   save   yourself   time   and   money   and   buy   this   dryer .   my   only   regret   is   not   buying   it   sooner !   great   price   and   will   definitely   buy   another   to   have   as   a   spare .
what   a   4c   girl   needs !   love   this !   i   have   4c   hair   with   a   tendency   to   shrink   almost   75   !   this   gets   the   job   done !   i   also   use   this   on   my   three   daughters   hair ,   we   all   have   4a   4c   with   high   shrinkage ,   and   this   is   one   tough   dryer !   the   attachments   hold   on   for   dear   life   and   still   have   not   broken !
works   great   but   unsightly   love   the   fact   that   it   really   is   hands   free ,   but   it   is   quite   a   monstrosity !   it   took   me   awhile   to   find   the   correct   height   that   i   wanted   it   and   the   right   bend ,   so   i   feel   like   i   have   to   leave   it   up .   thank   goodness   it   s   not   in   my   way   too   much ,   but   it   certainly   is   an   eyesore .
very   nice ,   lightweight   very   nice ,   lightweight ,   seems   to   dry   hair   quickly   without   frying   it .   so   far   very   nice ,   but   time   will   tell   how   long   it   will   last .   great   value   so   far .
i   am   completely   satisfied ,   i   have   a   long   i   am   completely   satisfied ,   i   have   a   long ,   strong ,   thick   hair ,   and   it   works   for   me   as   good   as   the   proffessional   blowers   i   used   to   have .   i   just   hope   it   last .   i   like   it   very   much .   good   price ,   very   light ,   even   the   colors   of   this   hair   blower   are   nice   and   they   delivered   on   time .   thanks .
five   stars   one   of   the   best   dryer   for   this   price   range .   i   like   cold   wave .
love   it   but   only   hope   it   lasts   a   lot   longer   ...   my   second   one .   love   it   but   only   hope   it   lasts   a   lot   longer   than   the   first   one   i   bought .   first   one   slowly   died .   started   to   shut   off   sooner   and   sooner   during   dryings .   took   it   apart   and   found   that   the   fan   was   rubbing   on   the   housing   inside   and   wore   and   cracked   the   fan .   became   unbalanced   inside   and   the   fan   speed   slowed   down   causing   it   to   overheat   and   shut   down   constantly .   if   i   could   have   bought   a   new   fan   blade   i   could   have   fixed   it .
four   stars   very   satisfied .   works   great   for   frizz   control .
two   stars   u   get   what   you   pay   for
five   stars   i   like   it .
i   agree   with   the   other   comments   i   love   how   compact   it   is   but   was   very   disappointed   with   ...   i   agree   with   the   other   comments   i   love   how   compact   it   is   but   was   very   disappointed   with   how   heavy   it   is .   it   arrived   in   the   original   package   but   looked   used .   the   dryer   was   just   thrown   in   there   without   additional   packaging .   it   also   has   a   strong   burning   smell   when   drying   that   maybe   wears   away   with   more   use .   lastly ,   do   not   buy   if   you   are   a   lefty .   just   holding   it   i   was   able   to   switch   the   settings   while   drying   my   hair  
five   stars   a   vey   nice   hair   dryer !
dries   my   long   hair   in   about   10   minutes   dries   my   long   hair   in   about   10   minutes
terrific   travel   dryer   compact ,   folds ,   and   has   great   power .   this   is   my   second   one ,   i   purchased   it   to   leave   at   the   beach   condo .
dries   in   half   the   time !   this   is   a   really   wonderful   blow   dryer !   it   seriously   cut   the   time   it   takes   to   dry   my   hair   in   half !   it   was   really   lightweight   and   has   a   very   sleek   design .   it   comes   with   a   removeable   nozzle   that   centralizes   the   heat   that   i   really   like .   i   am   happy   to   recieve   xtava   s   awesome   blow   dryer   to   review .   i   m   throwing   the   old   one   out   for   this !
this   is   truly   the   best   blow   dryer   for   naturally   curly   headed   gals   this   is   truly   the   best   blow   dryer   for   naturally   curly   headed   gals ! ! !   powerful   yet   gently   on   my   curls   and   easy   to   use .   love   this   product  
five   stars   light   weight   and   very   good   heat   control
four   stars   very   happy   w   this   ourchase
love   it   i   had   forgotten   how   great   a   quality   hairdryer   is !   my   hairdryer   is   so   old   i   think   it   has   lost   all   its   power   so   i   stopped   using   it .   i   saw   a   great   promotion   for   this   item   and   figured   it   was   high   time   i   got   a   new   one !   as   soon   as   it   arrived   this   morning   i   jumped   in   the   shower   to   wash   my   hair   and   used   it   and   oh . em . geeeee   it   is   great !   i   have   really   curly   hair   spiral   curls   in   the   back   and   looser   curls   up   top   and   the   air   director   thingy   that   is   a   technical   term !   is   so   great !   i   don   t   like   to   use   a   lot   of   product   in   my   hair   but   hate   frizz   this   seemed   to   seal   the   deal   without   having   to   use   so   much   product   my   hair   felt   crunchy .   today   i   have   soft ,   bouncy ,   frizz   free   curls ! ! !   now   i   need   a   new   camera   so   i   can   show   them   off !
five   stars   works   great !
happy   i   took   a   chance   i   ve   been   using   this   for   about   a   week   now .   i   previously   had   a   revlon   with   retractable   cord   that   still   worked ,   but   it   was   really   hot .   i   have   oily   hair ,   so   i   have   to   wash   it   pretty   much   daily .   the   heat   was   killing   my   long   hair .   i   took   a   chance   on   this   and   i   am   really   glad   i   did .   initially ,   i   was   disappointed ,   but   i   am   glad   i   stuck   with   it .   br   br   1   power !   it   has   almost   too   much   power   for   someone   with   long   hair ,   my   hair   was   flying   all   over   the   place   it   also   tangles   easily   .   i   added   one   of   the   3   concentration   nozzles   and   that   really   helped .   br   br   2   heat !   yes ,   its   not   super   hot   but   heat   isn   t   good   either !   it   does   start   off   rather   cool ,   but   it   always   heats   up   more   about   30   60   seconds   into   blow   drying .   with   as   much   power   going   through   it ,   i   don   t   think   you   need   as   much   heat   to   accomplish   getting   dry   hair .   br   br   3   buttons !   yes ,   the   buttons   are   on   the   side .   i   think   the   reason   most   people   complain   about   button   placement   is   because   they   are   so   used   to   the   position   of   their   old   hairdryers .   it   takes   some   time   to   get   used   to   a   new   one .   i   think   people   notice   the   difference   a   lot   at   first ,   but   it   really   will   go   away   and   you   ll   get   used   to   it .   it   hasn   t   been   an   issue   for   me .   br   br   overall ,   i   am   pleased   with   this   blow   dryer .   i   can   t   say   that   my   hair   dries   any   faster   than   my   previous   dryer ,   but   it   will   be   much   healthier   in   the   long   run   and   that   s   something   i   appreciate   more   than   speed .   it   definitely   does   not   take   a   long   time   by   any   means   though .   i   am   happy   i   got   it !
great   product   for   coarse   hair   great   product   for   coarse   hair !   i   have   a   4b   texture   and   when   i   use   the   high   setting   with   the   fine   tooth   comb   attachment ,   i   get   my   hair   very   straight .   the   only   reason   why   it   doesn   t   get   a   full   5   stars   is   because   of   the   placement   of   the   cool   button .   if   the   button   was   a   setting   instead   of   at   the   back ,   the   blow   drier   would   be   perfect .
quiet   and   compact   totally   diggin   my   hair   dryer .   gift   from   hubby !   needed   something   quiet   that   didn   t   wake   up   the   kids .   2   levels   of   speed   low   works   as   well   as   high ,   just   more   quiet   ,   2   heat   levels ,   ions   can   be   on   off ,   cool   blast   button ,   small ,   light ,   love ! ! !
five   stars   as   advertised
item   as   described .   great   product .   fast   shipping .
solid   value   works   great .
after   using   this   dryer   my   hair   feels   flat ,   lifeless ,   dry   and   flyaway   after   using   the   dryer   twice   my   hair   feels   dry ,   lifeless ,   flat   and   flyaway .   maybe   its   the   34   ionizing   34   function   of   the   dryer ,   but   it   really   did   a   number   on   my   hair .   i   ve   been   using   conair   dryers   for   years   and   years ,   and   when   my   last   hair   dryer   died   i   bought   another   conair ,   thinking   i   d   get   the   same   great   dryer .   in   terms   of   the   dryer   itself ,   it   is   heavy ,   difficult   to   hold ,   and   the   cord   is   too   short   especially   if   you   have   long   hair   and   attempt   to   style   using   a   brush   .   due   to   the   weight   and   the   oddly   shaped   handle ,   i   found   it   very   awkward   to   use .   the   buttons   that   control   the   heat   speed   are   also   located   in   an   inconvenient   spot   on   the   handle ,   and   they   are   sharp   on   the   edges ,   which   makes   using   the   dyer   even   more   uncomfortable .   unless   you   want   your   hair   to   be   a   lifeless   dried   out   mess ,   stay   away   from   this   dryer .
it   really   makes   a   difference !   ok   this   took   about   10   minutes   off   the   drying   time   of   my   hair   as   opposed   to   using   just   a   regular   ionic   hair   dryer ,   but   not   ony   that   it   leaves   my   hair   which   isa   bit   past   shoulder   legnth   color   treated   grey   hair   with   some   slight   curl   smooth   and   un   frizzy .   i   could   actually   dry   it   and   wear   it   with   out   hot   curlers   or   a   flat   iron ,   though   i   still   prefer   to   use   a   flat   iron   for   extra   shine .   i   never   believed   that   one   hair   dryer   was   much   better   than   another   but   this   one   sure   is .   it   is   an   investment   in   me   and   i   am   so   glad   i   bought   it .
five   stars   i   like   it   but   the   lady   of   the   house   would   like   a   smaller   one   easier   to   manuver
five   stars   very   good ! !
love   it !   it   s   a   great   hair   dryer ,   light ,   fairly   quiet .
great   bought   as   a   gift   and   my   mom   loves   it .
five   stars   excellent   very   responsible
five   stars   very   powerful   blowdryer   but   doesn   t   fry   my   hair
five   stars   fits   my   hair   dryer   perfect ,   love   it !
five   stars   fast   shipping ,   a  
awesome   blowdryer .   fast   shipping .   awesome   blowdryer .
one   star   very   loud   and   have   burning   smell .   from   the   first   use   you   know   it   will   die   soon .
do   not   buy   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   very   ...   do   not   buy   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   very   thick ,   strong ,   long   hair ,   and   this   dryer   burned   off   my   hair .   it   is   way   too   powerful   and   gets   way   way   way   too   hot .   i   now   have   a   giant   chuck   out   my   hair   on   one   side .   it   also   burned   the   plastic   tips   of   my   round   brush .   disaster .
best   dryer   ever ! ! !   my   curly   hair ,   somewhat   thick ,   used   to   take   at   least   30   min   to   dry   sectioning   off   and   drying   with   a   round   brush   .   after   that   it   would   take   me   another   15   min   to   straighten   and   smooth   it   to   get   frizz   out .   this   dryer   dries   my   hair   straight   without   having   to   section   it   off .   i   don   t   even   have   to   flat   iron   it   afterwards ! ! !   it   is   smooth ,   straight ,   and   frizz   less   in   under   10   min !   amazing !   will   never   buy   any   other   dryer ! !
dries   quickly   i   bought   it   3   months   back .   no   problem   at   all .   serves   well .   quickly   dries   my   hair .   i   mostly   use   it   in   medium   speed .   it   s   a   light   weight   dryer .
i   d   buy   this   product   again   love   it .   have   very   long   thick   hair .   cut   drying   time   almost   in   half .   did   not   frizz   my   hair   as   other   dryers   have   in   the   past .
five   stars   it   is   easy   to   use
at   first   it   was   fine   but   i   may   need   to   replace   it   soon   i   have   owned   this   for   a   little   over   a   year   and   it   s   been   working   on   and   off   for   a   few   months   now .   at   first   it   was   fine   but   i   may   need   to   replace   it   soon .   i   use   this   about   1   2   times   a   week .   longer   when   it   worked   for   winter .
this   works   well   and   is   easy   to   use   this   works   well   and   is   easy   to   use ,   the   cord   from   the   base   to   the   drier   could   be   a   little   longer
five   stars   present   for   my   mom   and   it   s   very   good   quality   for   price .
i   m   so   excited   when   i   receive   this   item ,   and   ...   i   m   so   excited   when   i   receive   this   item ,   and   can   t   wait   to   try   it .   the   product   was   shipped   from   japan   and   took   about   20   days   to   be   delivered .
this   dryer   has   great   hot   warm   cold   settings   and   makes   my   hair   shiny   and   not   ...   this   dryer   has   great   hot   warm   cold   settings   and   makes   my   hair   shiny   and   not   too   dried   out .   the   only   reason   i   m   giving   it   4   stars   is   because   the   switch   to   adjust   the   settings   is   difficult   to   push .
i   have   always   loved   the   andis   hairdryer   but   paid   thirty   some   dollars   for   ...   i   have   always   loved   the   andis   hairdryer   but   paid   thirty   some   dollars   for   this   and   it   only   lasted   couple   months   the   switch   quit   working   and   the   dryer   would   get   so   hot   would   shut   off   before   could   get   my   hair   dry
nice   dryer   nice   hair   dryer   for   everyday   travel .   br   has   on   going   problems   with   the   retractable   cord .
great   hairdryer !   this   is   amazing !   dries   my   hair   very   fast   and   it   s   so   shiny   when   i   m   done .   the   only   negative   is   that   it   s   pretty   heavy ,   but   i   ll   just   chalk   that   up   to   an   arm   workout !  
great   very   lightweight ,   so   great   for   long   uses .
five   stars   light   weight   yet   dries   hair   fast
works   great   world   wide .   has   a   110   or   220   setting   so   it   s   perfect   for   worldwide   travel .   works   with   a   plug   adapter .   no   converter   needed .
i   got   a   dud   broke   after   a   month   and   a   half  
nice   and   compact   nice   and   compact .   it   s   a   bit   noisy ,   but   i   think   that   s   a   function   of   its   size .   the   cord   and   plug   are   not   as   large   as   some ,   so   it   s   footprint   is   small ,   which   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   to   travel   to   the   uk .   it   s   not   lighter   than   my   larger   one   but   it   will   work   just   fine .
five   stars   dries   my   super   thick   hair   faster   than   any   other   hair   dryer   i   ve   owned .
five   stars   this   is   great   product !
five   stars   excelente
five   stars   easy   install .
five   stars   these   work   great   for   motor   homes   and   any   close   bathroom   location .
five   stars   love   it   so   far .   no   complaints   that   i   ve   come   across
four   stars   works   well   and   has   multiple   heat   settings   and   speeds .
five   stars   very   good   dryer ,   nice   power ,   not   as   heavy   as   the   reviews   i   read   previously .
great   speed   and   heat .   gets   the   job   done .   great   blow   dryer   for   my   getting   my   wavy   hair   smooth .
good   drying ,   hard   to   work   switches .   i   had   same   product   before   they   changed   the   switches .   new   switches   are   hard   to   adjust .   other   than   that ,   it   dries   well .
thankful   for   blo   and   go   when   you   brake   your   arm   or   can   t   use   your   arm   hand   and   you   only   have   one   good   hand !   this   is   the   best   choice   out   there   for   you !
love   the   convenience   of   having   it   on   the   wall   and   ...   love   the   convenience   of   having   it   on   the   wall   and   it   works   great .   it   s   the   second   one   i   ve   owned   and   i   would   buy   an   oster   again .
five   stars   excellent
good   dryer ,   bonnet   a   little   uncomfortable ,   but   modifiable .   this   dryer   dries   well .   the   bonnet   is   small   where   it   fits   around   the   head .   placing   a   snall   towel   near   the   brow   makes   it   more   comfortable .   also   restringing   it   so   it   fits   an   adult   head .   the   bonnet   smells   like   plastic   for   several   uses ,   but   now   smells   better   after   i   took   it   out   and   let   it   sit   without   being   folded   up   in   the   case .   good   compact   drying   with   great   drying   power .
five   stars   used   in   italy   and   was   great
caught   fire ! ! ! ! ! !   terrible   blow   dryer ! ! !   it   caught   fire   rite   after   i   turned   it   on ! ! !   you   get   what   you   pay   for   with   this   dryer ,   literally ! ! ! ! !
five   stars   high   wattage   drys   hair   very   fast
love   it ! ! !   this   dryer   is   amazing ! ! !   used   it   for   the   first   time   today .   leaves   hair   very   soft   and   no   frizz .   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   a   normal   hair   dryer ,   but   i   love   it ! ! !
i   would   love   for   it   to   be   a   bit   smaller   and   lighter   for   an   inexpensive   hairdryer   it   fills   my   needs .   i   use   it   when   i   travel ,   i   would   love   for   it   to   be   br   a   bit   smaller   and   lighter ,   but   that   may   not   be   possible   considering   the   existing   features .
five   stars   perfect !
works   very   well .   just   got   it   about   3   months   ...   works   very   well .   just   got   it   about   3   months   ago   and   have   been   traveling   with   it   with   a   converter   and   it   is   still   working   well   and   doesn   t   leave   my   hair   too   frizzy .
absolutely   loved   it .   until   it   quit   working   absolutely   loved   it .   until   it   quit   working .   after   six   weeks   the   34   low   34   setting   was   just   a   slight   puff   of   wind .   the   34   high   34   setting   then   had   as   much   power   as   the   low   setting   had   previously   when   it   was   working   properly .   at   the   same   time ,   the   34   hot   34   setting   became   so   incredibly   hot   that   the   coils   inside   glowed   bright   orange .   so   i   started   using   the   34   warm   34   setting .   it   s   now   completely   worthless .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer ! !   i   have   long ,   thick   hair ,   and   it   only   takes   about   10   min   to   dry   it ! ! !   i   used   to   spend   about   25   min   just   drying   my   hair   and   another   15   min   styling   it .   i   ve   reduced   that   time   to   just   15   min .   what   s   not   to   like  
five   stars   it   works   and   makes   her   happy   5   stars .
two   stars   it   has   something   wrong ! !   graduated   from   spark   fire
pretty   quiet   for   the   this   is   really   heavy ,   pretty   quiet   for   the   size
heavier   than   i   would   like   for   travel .   this   a   good   hairdryer .   i   use   it   as   my   everyday   dryer .   it   is   a   bit   heavy   for   packing   if   weight   is   an   issue .
three   stars   excelente . !
absolutely   worth   the   money !   amazing !   gets   hot   and   works   perfectly .   the   price   is   right   and   this   product   will   get   plenty   of   usage .   i   m   in   love  
excellent   product .   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   product   and   the   price .   br   br   i   bought   it   so   i   could   give   my   hair   hot   oil   treatments   and   it   has   been   great .   heat   distributes   throughout   cap   and   it   s   easy   to   use   and   store .
amazing !   i   have   to   say ,   this   dryer   is   amazing !   i   have   long ,   thick   hair ,   and   i   use   a   hair   dryer   a   few   times   a   week   with   a   round   ceramic   brush   to   straighten   it .   my   hair   is   softer ,   the   blow   out   lasts   longer ,   and   it   dried   faster   then   my   old   dryer .   must   buy !   if   it   works   on   my   difficult   to   straighten   hair ,   it   will   definitely   work   on   anyones !   the   allure   features   two   speeds   and   three   heat   settings   to   offer   control   and   professional   styling   versatility   for   all   hair   types .   it   allows   you   to   pick   the   speed   and   heat   you   want   without   damaging   your   hair .   very   powerful ,   sturdy ,   leaves   hair   soft ,   dries   quickly ,   not   too   loud ,   and   aesthetically   pleasing .   no   breakage .   satisfied   with   the   results .   attachments   work   well .   i   received   a   free   sample   in   exchange   of   my   honest   opinion .
this   one   is   great !   yay   third   time   is   a   charm !   i   was   looking   to   replace   my   hair   dryer   and   the   last   two   i   tried   were   so   loud .   this   one   is   great !   yay !
five   stars   works   excellent
i   really   love   this   hairdryer   i   bought   this   to   use   when   travelling   because   of   it   s   compact   size .   but   it   works   so   well   i   ve   been   using   it   everyday .   the   cord   stores   easily   inside   the   handle   and   the   temperature   is   perfect   not   too   hot   and   not   too   cool .   i   added   the   attachment   and   found   it   performs   better   with   it   on .   has   great   power   and   doesn   t   make   my   hair   frizzy   or   staticy .   the   only   complaint   i   have   is   the   strong   plastic   smell   when   i   first   opened   the   box .   i   ve   used   it   for   a   week   now   and   i   don   t   smell   it   anymore .   i   really   do   love   this   hairdryer .
five   stars   love   it !
works   to   my   needs   new   to   hair   dryers   but   does   everything   it   should   and   a   bit   more .
five   stars   works   great ,   looks   cool
they   work   great   for   3   4   years   before   they   get   noisy   i   have   owned   a   couple   of   these   hairdryers .   they   work   great   for   3   4   years   before   they   get   noisy .   for   the   cost   and   the   convenience   it   can   not   be   beat .
best   blow   dryer   worth   it !   i   m   so   glad   i   listened   to   my   hairdresser   when   he   recommended   this   hair   dryer .   obviously ,   he   uses   his   multiple   times   each   day   and   his   lasts   for   years .   it   really   did   cut   down   my   drying   time .   only   negative   is   the   weight .   i   don   t   mind   it   as   i   m   using   it   it   s   an   other   arm   workout   it   s   when   i   travel   with   it   that   makes   me   wish   it   was   lighter .   i   m   always   to   the   weight   limit   on   my   checked   bags   so   this   goes   into   my   carry   on   and   it   s   another   workout !   still   love   it   and   would   recommend   it .
five   stars   mi   friend   loved   it
truly   amazing ! ! ! ! ! !   this   dryer   by   far   is   the   best   ever ! ! ! !   i   have   really   long   hair   extensions   and   they   take   forever   to   dry ,   and   after   reading   the   reviews   for   this   dryer   i   decided   to   try   it   because   they   say   drying   in   half   the   time .   br   they   weren   t   kidding ,   this   dryer   is   amazing   to   say   the   least ,   i   have   never   owned   such   a   great   product   that   is   so   inexpensive   so   do   yourself   a   favor ,   purchase   this   dryer ,   you   wont   be   sorry ,   it   is   truly   the   best !   even   on   cool   or   medium   speed   this   thing   is   magnificent !   some   of   the   reviews   comment   on   this   dryer   being   heavy ,   i   ll   share   a   secret ... cheap   dryers   are   superlight   weight ,   but   in   all   sincerity ,   this   dryer   is   not   heavy   at   all ,   so   not   sure   why   some   reviews   say   this .   the   button   placement   was   an   issue   when   i   read   the   reviews   but   decided   to   try   it   for   myself ,   and   what   i   personally   found   was ,   where   i   place   my   hand   is   at   the   bottom   anyways ,   so   it   was   a   non   issue   for   me .   it   s   totally   worth   trying   because   everyone   is   going   to   hold   their   dryer   in   a   different   spot   anyways ,   and   if   i   didn   t   purchase   this   based   on   what   others   said   about   weight   and   button   placement ,   i   would   have   missed   out   on   the   best   dryer   ever ,   and   believe   me ,   i   have   tried   them   all .   and   side   note ,   it   really   does   dry   in   half   the   time ,   which   means   an   extra   20   mins   in   the   morning   hitting   the   snooze   button  
five   stars   works   good   .
it   really   blows !   this   thing   has   almost   as   much   hot   air   as   a   politician !   with   adjustable   temperature   settings ,   variable   wind   intensity   and   an   34   off   34   switch ,   this   thing   is   20   times   more   responsive   than   any   political   figure   currently   in   office .   br   br   temperature   variations   are   modest ,   little   chance   of   frying   your   skin .   controls   are   a   little   cumbersome   awkward   but   it   works ,   and   i   don   t   usually   need   to   shift   around   much   during   drying   incidents .   br   air   power   is   effective ,   if   not   stunning .   good   for   drying   hair ,   not   good   for   blowing   large   spiders   across   a   tile   floor   limited   cord   reach   and   range   of   power   .   absolutely   terrible   for   flying   kites   with   small   dogs   attached .   br   br   i   think   maybe   i   d   enjoy   seeing   a   laser   sight   attachment   so   i   can   focus   drying   power   on   specific   strands   of   troublesome   hair ...   but   we   don   t   always   get   everything   we   want .
four   stars   cord   does   not   retract   majority   of   the   time
it   wasn   t   as   expensive   as   some   that   just   seemed   like   more   than   i   needed   i   researched   a   lot   of   hair   dryers ,   wanting   one   that   wasn   t   too   noisy   and   that   had   both   temperature   and   fan   settings   found   it ! !   this   is   the   one ! !   it   wasn   t   as   expensive   as   some   that   just   seemed   like   more   than   i   needed .   it   does   the   job   i   need   it   to ,   in   a   short   amount   of   time ,   w   o   frying   my   hair !   it   s   not   the   large   size   so   it   fits   easily   in   my   suitcase   and   travels   well .   i   love   the   matte   finish ,   which   keeps   it   from   sliding   off   the   counter   just   feels   solid   in   my   hand   without   being   heavy !
great   price   on   a   professional   hairdryer   bought   for   my   wife   and   she   loves   it .   no   complaints
five   stars   even ,   fast   drying
favorite   dryer !   dries   hair   quickly   favorite   dryer !   dries   hair   quickly !
i   plan   to   buy   another   in   hopes   that   i   just   got   a   dud .   long   story   short ..   i   used   it   4   times   and   it   is   now   dead .   br   cons   i   bought   it   locally   in   late   january ,   used   it   4   times   and   now   it   has   died .   br   when   i   first   used   it   i   heard   something   rolling   around   inside   the   unit   while   i   was   drying   my   hair .   br   i   tried   shaking   it   out   but   got   nothing .   i   was   pretty   much   expecting   it   to   not   last   long   at   this   point .   br   i   began   to   dry   my   hair   today   and   again   heard   the   sound ,   then   a   loud   34   clack   34   .   the   unit   quit   and   had   a   burning   smell .   br   i   shook   it   over   the   counter   and   2   small   pieces   of   red   plastic   shook   out   of   the   front .   nothing   wrong   on   the   outside   so   br   must   have   either   broke   off   inside   or   been   left   inside   by   sloppy   workers .   br   br   pros   i   really   wanted   this   machine   to   work   for   me   so   i   will   purchase   a   replacement   and   give   it   a   second   try ,   since   it   br   seemed   defective   right   out   of   the   box   having   something   rolling   around   in   it .   br   i   love   the   retractable   cord .   it   s   only   about   5   ft   long   so   could   have   been   longer   but   was   adequate .   br   i   just   hate   winding   a   cord   around   a   machine ..   it   s   messy ..   the   machine   might   still   be   hot   etc .   br   yes   of   course   you   have   to   hold   the   plug   as   you   retract   it   or   you   ll   get   wacked .   br   it   has   a   nice   heft   to   it   and   seemed   very   solid .   attachments   stayed   on   when   in   use .   br   it   moves   a   lot   of   air   thru   it   more   than   the   comparabe   remington   d   3020   volume   and   shine   hair   dryer   which   i   also   had   on   hand   .   br   i   was   just   begining   to   compare   the   2   when   the   conair   bit   the   dust .   br   this   was   disappointing   after   having   a   hand   held   unit   that   worked   for   36   years .
five   stars   works   great ,   absolutely   love   it !
five   stars   it   s   a   great   hair   dryer !   i   love   it !
five   stars   great   blow   dryers !
wasted   money !   i   really   loved   this   blow   dryer   however ,   i   have   only   had   it   for   about   5   months   and   it   has   just   stopped   working .   i   didn   t   use   it   everyday   either .
broke   quickly   broke   after   using   it   for   two   weeks
don   t   buy   it   for   the   cord   retraction   feature .   if   you   are   purchasing   this   dryer   solely   for   the   cord   retraction   feature ,   you   will   be   very   disappointed .   very   seldom   does   the   last   10   12   inches   retract   into   the   handle .
it   worked   wonderful !   i   used   this   blow   dryer   while   in   spain .   it   worked   wonderful !
i   loved   this   blow   dryer   i   loved   this   blow   dryer ..   but   mine   just   died .   i   had   it   for   almost   4   years ,   so   it   was   probably   worth   the   price ,   but ..   i   think   i   d   rather   get   a   new   one   that   lasts   longer .
a   good   compact   hair   dryer   can   dry   hair   faster   than   the   other   of   the   same   voltage   i   ever   used .   a   good   compact   hair   dryer !
five   stars   excelente
works   great   i   use   this   to   travel   internationally   so   far   just   denmark   and   spain   and   it   worked   fine   with   the   european   adapter .   just   make   sure   to   flip   the   little   voltage   switch   before   you   use   it !
five   stars   muy   bueno
if   you   like   the   ones   in   the   hotels ...   mounted   well .   looks   and   works   great !
happy   hair   love   this   quiet ,   efficient   dryer ! !
plug   broke   after   1   month   the   plug   broke   after   one   month .   now   i   have   to   fiddle   with   the   plug   in   the   outlet   to   get   it   to   come   on ,   then   it   keeps   turning   off .   an   electrician   checked   the   electrical   circuit ,   which   is   ok .   it   is   definitely   the   plug   on   the   hair   dryer .   if   i   move   it   around   in   the   outlet ,   the   hair   dryer   will   turn   on   and   off   and   on ...   it   was   a   christmas   present   i   bought   it   early   december ,   so   now   the   return   policy   just   ran   out   missed   it   by   a   few   days   .   br   br   do   not   buy   this   hair   dryer ! ! ! !   cheap   piece   of   junk .
i   love   my   light   weight   hair   blower   i   love   my   light   weight   hair   blower   !   it   is   quick   and   easy   and   my   hair   comes   out   so   soft   and   not   frizzy .   br   it   has   two   heat   settings .   i   start   out   with   the   high   one   for   a   couple   of   minutes   and   then   switch   to   the   low   br   and   it   still   dries   nicely   but   does   not   stress   my   hair .   i   have   very   fine   hair   and   lots   of   it   so   it   is   not   easy   to   br   dry .   oh ,   and   my   hair   is   long .   this   dryer   is   keeping   my   hair   so   nice   people   ask   me   how   i   make   my   hair   br   look   like   it   belongs   on   a   30   year   old .   i   m   65 .   this   wonderful   blower   has   a   lot   to   do   with   it   !
...   just   ordered   another   one   for   my   daughter   she   has   super   thick   long   hair   and   doesn   t   like   to   dry   her   ...   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing   i   just   ordered   another   one   for   my   daughter   she   has   super   thick   long   hair   and   doesn   t   like   to   dry   her   hair   because   it   takes   too   long   we   just   tested   this   hair   dryer   and   literally   her   hair   was   dry   within   10   minutes   great   product !
my   old   remington   proair   ceramic   just   died   and   i   purchased   ...   my   old   remington   proair   ceramic   just   died   and   i   purchased   this   as   what   i   had   hoped   would   be   a   suitable   replacement .   not   even   close .   the   airflow   is   too   forceful .   even   on   low   this   dryer   whips   my   long   straight   hair   into   a   tangled   mess .   the   nozzle   is   too   narrow   so   it   further   concentrates   the   airflow .   the   dryer   is   on   the   heavy   side   for   it   s   compact   size .. the   high   heat   setting   gets   way   too   hot .   even   low ,   once   it   heats   up ,   seems   excessive .   br   br   it   s   going   back .
one   star   product   description   is   wrong .   there   is   no   34   cool   shot   button   34   .
five   stars   great   so   far   it   has   great   power   and   heat .
five   stars   great   travel   hair   dryer
five   stars   nice   retractable   cord
five   stars   love   this   dryer ... for   the   two   levels   of   intensity   no   matter   what   heat   level .
five   stars   i   liked   working   fine
five   stars   very   light   and   has   strong   power
five   stars   just   what   i   wanted
four   stars   night   light   was   too   bright   and   can   not   be   turned   off   or   down
leaves   an   uncluttered   space   nice   quiet
it   s   functional   for   a   20   dollar   item .   one   complaint   ...   it   s   functional   for   a   20   dollar   item .   br   one   complaint   though   is   the   burnt   smell   it   gives   off   it   makes   the   product   seem   really   flimsy   and   cheap   and   uncomfortable
works   great ,   even   with   traveling   a   lot   it   still   isn   t   ...   works   great ,   even   with   traveling   a   lot   it   still   isn   t   too   bulky .   we   ll   see   how   long   it   lasts   but   does   the   trick .
five   stars   the   product   is   great ,   exceeded   my   expectations ,   thanks !   will   purchase   brand   again
great   dryer   for   any   budget !   i   admit ,   i   was   skeptical   about   whether   or   not   this   dryer   would   really   make   a   difference   in   how   my   hair   felt   but   it   did !   i   have   noticed   that   if   i   use   a   br   higher   speed   than   is   recommended   for   my   hair   type ,   it   doesn   t   make   as   much   of   a   change   but   if   i   follow   the   proper   instructions ,   my   hair   is   soft   br   and   shiny   and   the   results   are   incredible !
five   stars   long   lasting ,   and   serves   it   purpose ! ! ! ! !
love   it !   great !
works   great .   works   great   and   keeps   the   vanity   uncluttered .
five   stars   very   powerful .
five   stars   excellent .
worth   purchasing   excellent .   it   s   very   easy   to   put   together ,   it   s   not   too   loud   actually   i   m   watching   jeopardy   while   under   the   dryer   right   now !   the   bell   is   not   too   loud   when   the   timer   is   done .   the   only   annoying   thing   is   you   hear   the   timer   ticking   but   i   m   used   to   that   from   going   to   the   beauty   salon   it   goes   unnoticeable .   delivery   was   quick   and   swiftly   and   customer   service   was   excellent .   my   hair   dried   very   quick   and   i   didn   t   even   put   it   on   the   max   heat .   i   m   african   american   with   shoulder   length   hair   4c   and   i   never   had   a   perm .   i   m   glad   i   purchased   this   dryer   because   it   is   an   reasonable   price
fire   hazard   it   shoots   sparks   fairly   often .   kind   of   scary .
great   if   you   have   shorter   hair   solid ,   albeit   heavy .   great   if   you   have   shorter   hair ,   but   i   imagine   the   weight   would   be   kind   of   a   pain   if   you   had   more   to   deal   with .   my   wife   loves   it ,   though !   it   s   hard   to   find   a   good   retractable   cord   dryer !
nice   wall   mount   quiet   and   efficient .   br   nice   wall   mount .
nice   size   for   kids   i   bought   this   dryer   for   my   7   year   old   as   her   first   hair   dryer .   it   s   very   small   and   lightweight   so   she   can   easily   hold   it .   she   enjoys   being   able   to   dry   her   own   hair .
four   stars   i   love   the   hair   dryer   but   the   comb   attachment   starting   breaking   on   our   first   use .
nice   and   tight   i   put   these   in   rv   s   because   they   fit   in   a   tight   spot   and   work   well .   glynnsrv . com
highly   recommended   this   hair   dryer   is   quiet ,   powerful   and   hot .   looks   good ,   easy   to   handle .   very   happy .
perfect   for   my   6   yr   old   daughter   perfect   for   my   6   yr   old   daughter .   fits   her   hands   perfect ,   mini   and   mighty ,   she   uses   the   low   setting ,   the   high   setting   is   very   powerful .
great   item .   would   recommend   great   item .   would   recommend ! ! !
perfect   price   point   with   all   the   features   you   need   this   is   by   far   my   favorite   dryer .   i   love   the   built   in   cord   retractor ,   especially   for   traveling ,   which   we   do   often .   i   have   so   many   gadgets   i   need   to   bring ,   my   suitcase   is   always   a   mess   of   cords .   in   addition   to   that ,   it   dries   my   hair   so   fast .   i   have   fairly   thick   hair ,   though   it   s   thinned   over   the   years   a   bit ,   and   it   would   take   me   in   upwards   of   20   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   with   a   standard   dryer .   using   this   dryer   with   a   ceramic   brush   has   my   hair   dry   in   under   10   minutes   every   time .   the   cool   shot   option   is   great   for   just   adding   a   bit   of   curl   around   a   brush   if   you   re   in   a   hurry ,   too !   my   hair   tends   to   get   a   bit   curly   as   it   dries ,   so   i   really   like   the   diffuser   attachment   as   well .   it   works   perfectly   to   smooth   out   my   hair   without   it   poofing   out   like   crazy .   i   still   like   to   follow   up   with   my   straightener   because   it   makes   my   hair   really   shine   and   glow ,   but   the   diffuser   makes   the   job   much   easier .   i   ve   been   using   tourmaline   ceramic   dryers   for   years   and   i   have   much   less   breakage   and   a   huge   reduction   in   split   ends   since   making   the   switch ,   so   at   this   price ,   this   dryer   styler   is   a   must   have !
five   stars   item   received   in   great   condition .
must   be   good ,   she   takes   it   in   all   the   trips   bought   for   wife .   must   be   good ,   she   takes   it   in   all   the   trips
good   for   travel   this   is   a   good   hairdryer   for   travel   and   okay   for   every   day   it   s   not   the   best   driver   i   ve   ever   used   but   it   does   the   trick .
thanks ! ! !   good   price . very   pleased
good   have   had   this   for   almost   3   years   now   without   any   problems ..   that   s   impressive   for   hai   dryers   and   hair   straighteners   anymore
i   wanted   to   like   this   blow   dryer   more   because   of   the   reviews   on   ...   i   wanted   to   like   this   blow   dryer   more   because   of   the   reviews   on   it .   but   there   just   aren   t   enough   heat   settings   on   it ,   and   it   gets   really   hot ,   too   hot !   but   the   combs   are   sturdy ,   and   it   s   serves   it   s   purpose   when   i   decide   to   use   it .   i   switch   up   with   my   vidal   sassoon   dryer ,   when   i   need   something   with   more   alternatives   to   heat   settings .
i   would   not   recommend   purchasing .   sadly   the   product   broke   the   first   month   of   use .   i   would   not   recommend   purchasing .
great   for   the   price   simple   blow   dryer   with   cool   function
don   t   waste   your   money   doest   hold   my   hair   dryer   at   all   no   matter   how   i   try   to   get   it   in .   would   return   but   not   worth   the   time   or   money .   don   t   waste   your   money .   get   the   handless   hairdryer   stand   they   work !
five   stars   love   this   dryer !   well   worth   the   money ! !   so   glad   i   finally   bought   it ! !  
works   for   long   nozzled   dryers   not   for   a   short   nozzle   dryer   it   pops   right   off ,   but   it   s   a   good   bowl   and   finger   design   of   medium   depth .
five   stars   excellent   hairdryer .   my   wife   loves   it !
five   stars   very   good   quality   !   i   love   it !
keeps   to   itself   the   hair   dryer   does   well   with   my   thick   hair .   good   in   the   hand ,   the   cord   is   a   bit   forceful .   at   times   i   have   to   pull   it   out   again   to   get   it   to   retract   fully   but   this   could   be   attributed   to   independent   factors   angle   of   handle   when   activating   cord   keeper   .   fantastic   for   saving   space .
great   item   daughter   loves   it ...
five   stars   lighter   than   my   previous   hair   dryer .   and   it   dries   faster   with   softer   results .
five   stars   best   i   have   ever   purchased ! ! !
we   got   this   mainly   for   my   husband   because   he   has   dreads   and   this   was   recommended   to   dry   the   dreads   out   completely   and   now   both   .   i   was   apprehensive   about   buying   this   because   it   was   more   expensive   then   what   i   usually   buy ,   but   it   s   well   worth   it .   dries   my   hair   very   fast   without   a   lot   of   high   heat .   we   got   this   mainly   for   my   husband   because   he   has   dreads   and   this   was   recommended   to   dry   the   dreads   out   completely   and   now   both   of   us   use   it .
hair   dryer   sunbeam   is   not   worth   a   s   .
five   stars   love   it
i   cannot   recommend   this   product   and   will   avoid   andis   products   from   this   ...   i   purchased   one   of   these   which   quit   working   after   a   few   months .   andis   replace   it   under   warranty .   the   warranty   replacement   lasted   3   months   with   use   4   5   times   per   week .   i   cannot   recommend   this   product   and   will   avoid   andis   products   from   this   point   on .
one   star   does   not   turn   on   very   dissapointed
five   stars   have   had   it   for   4   years   and   still   going   strong ! !  
five   stars   great   hair   dryer ! ! ! ! !
five   stars   wife   loves   it .
my   blowdryer   is   dead   4   months   later   after   install .   updated   review   4   months   after   installing   this   blowdryer ,   it   died .   i   was   super   disappointed   given   my   glowing   review   below .   i   have   not   even   contacted   amazon   or   the   manufacturer   since   it   s   past   the   30   days .   the   wire   below   the   handle   started   to   heat   up   a   little   bit ,   i   smelled   smoke .   at   first   thought   it   was   my   hair .   but ,   the   thing   died   shortly   after .   i   have   another   blow   dryer .   not   sure   if   i   received   a   lemon   or   if   this   is   andis   quality .   my   past   blowdryers   from   other   reputable   firms   would   last   7   10   years .   4   months   was   a   huge   let   down   previous   review   below   definite   space   saver .   quiet .   does   the   job .   i   feel   the   low   setting   is   definitely   very   low ,   much   lower   than   my   travel   blow   dryer   you   can   find   at   any   drugstore .   however ,   i   like   the   higher   setting .   it   s   nice   to   wash ,   blowdry   and   head   out .   makes   my   mornings   much   easier   to   have   things   in   place   and   organized .   this   blow   dryer   comes   with   two   long   screws .   you   have   to   remove   the   baby   screws   on   the   plate   on   the   back .   i   then   marked   the   walls   where   the   two   holes   are .   the   plastic   anchors   i   did   not   use ,   because   the   frame   holder   is   super   light   weight .   so   is   the   dryer .   it   s   nice .   in   addition ,   the   green   light   makes   a   nice   nightlight   in   the   bathroom .   personally ,   i   wish   i   could   change   the   color   to   clear   or   blue .   the   photo   they   provide   shows   the   cord   hook   is   on   the   right   side .   there   are   two   other   sm   med   size   screws   to   hang   the   cord   to   either   the   left   or   right   side .   i   prefer   the   right   side   however   it   all   depends   on   where   you   place   it   in   your   bathroom .   it   s   a   great   product .   they   thought   of   almost   everything   on   this   dryer .   the   only   two   things   i   would   change   is   to   have   even   a   more   minimized   holder   semi   translucent   ,   optional   colored   dryers ,   retractable   cord ,   small   dryer ,   more   powerful ,   cool   air   option   dryer   i . e .   fan   with   a   hold   button   ,   no   cord   but   a   chargeable   blow   dryer .   i   think   that   s   about   it .
satisfied   i   read   some   bad   reviews   on   this   hair   dryer   but   so   far   i   have   not   had   any   problems   with   it .   i   actually   love   it ,   cute   colors   and   drys   well
best   blow   dryer   i   ve   owned !   i   hardly   ever   write   reviews ,   but   this   thing   is   fantastic .   i   was   amazed   when   i   blow   dryer   my   hair   and   it   was   actually   softer .   the   price   may   seem   steep ,   but   it   s   definitely   worth   it .   love !
five   stars   great
best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   1st   of   all   i   love   the   decent   packaging .   it   comes   in   a   box .   my   previous   dryer   was   packed   in   a   combination   of   cardboard   and   plastic   which   you   open   once   and   thats   it .   you   have   to   throw   the   packaging   and   there   is   no   placd   to   put   the   dryer   back .   but   this   dryer   comes   in   a   box   and   you   can   put   back   in   the   box .   br   the   dryer   comes   with   a   control   nozzle   which   helps   you   to   focus   on   certain   areas .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   i   used   to   hate   taking   shower   in   the   morning   and   drying   afterwards .   because   it   used   to   take   ne   really   long   time   to   dry   them .   now   with   rimini   dryer   it   takes   me   10   mins   and   im   ready   to   go   out .   especially   in   winter   i   get   sick   when   i   go   out   with   wet   hair .   rimini   dryer   has   saved   my   life ,   time ,   and   energy .   br   this   dryer   is   great   for   heavy ,   thick ,   long   and   even   short   and   thin   hair .   ut   works   great   and   helps   you   style   your   hair .   like   my   older   conair   dryer   it   has   cold   air   button   too .   it   has   different   levels   of   air   pressure .   the   handle   is   great   to   grip   on .   my   older   dryer   s   handle   got   so   greasy   after   few   use .   this   dryer   is   awesome .   br   im   100   satisfied   with   this   dryer .   i   would   highly   recommend   it .   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .   br   i   received   the   rimini   dryer   in   exchange   of   my   honest   opinion   but   it   didnt   affect   my   thought .
three   stars   it   works   as   expected .
but   for   that   button ............   this   hairdryer   works   fine ,   is   light   to   handle   and   not   too   loud .   it   does ,   however ,   have   a   burst   of   cold   air   button   which   is   difficult   to   use .   it   s   positioned   in   such   a   way   that   you   feel   it   should   be   pushed   up   instead   of   in .   this   button   is   rectangular   and   flat ,   again   making   it   look   and   feel   like   it   should   be   pushed   up   and   not   in .   trying   to   push   this   button   in   is   often   somewhat   difficult   too   thin   too   highly   set   and   takes   several   tries .   if   it   weren   t   for   that   button ,   which   i   seem   to   use   a   lot ,   i   d   have   given   it   5   stars   instead   of   4 .   other   than   that ,   i   do   like   this   hairdryer .
recommend .   so   far ,   so   good .   i   have   found   that   these   hair   dryers   do   not   last ,   so ,   34   time   will   tell   34   .   br   works   good ,   no   complaints .
five   stars   works   great
great   dryer   works   great ,   but   is   a   bit   louder   than   i   expected .
two   stars   lasted   all   of   10   minutes   before   failing .
good !   low   power ,   but   with   patience   it   does   a   beautiful   job
five   stars   good   just   loudd
great   space   saver !   dries   fast ! !   don   t   know   the   longevity   of   this   item   yet .   but   it   s   a   must   have   for   travel .   on   the   euro   setting ,   low   is   high   enough !   i   have   lots   of   fine ,   curly   medium   length   hair   and   it   dried   in   less   than   10   minutes .   yes ,   it   s   loud   but   worth   it   as   a   space   saver   and   effective   dryer !
don   t   worry ..... itr   a   good   dryer !   bought   as   gift ..... it   is   just   as   advertised ,   does   work   well   durable   for   a   year   now !
motor   died   after   a   year   my   girlfriend   loved   this   dryer ... except   for   the   fact   that   the   motor   died   after   a   year ... super   annoyed
didn   t   last   lasted   less   than   8   months
four   stars   thought   it   was   smaller ! !
black   and   pink !   otherwise   works   great !   black   and   pink .   i   couldn   t   tell   from   the   pictures   it   was   black   and   pink   so   i   gave   it   to   my   wife .   she   is   happy   with   it .
wonderful   product !   purchased   due   to   shoulder   injury   and   now   ...   wonderful   product !   purchased   due   to   shoulder   injury   and   now   post   surgery .   i   can   blow   dry   hair   while   device   securely   holds   blow   dryer   and   can   safely   move   it   in   any   direction .
wonderful .   i   love   the   sleek   design ,   and   color   of   this   hair   dryer   for   starters ,   but   i   had   one   i   loved   more .   so ,   i   gave   this   one   to   my   mom .   the   ionic   technology   really   plays   a   role   in   hair   dryers ,   helping   maintain ,   a   healthy ,   beautiful   shine .   no   frizz ,   or   elongated   drying   times   here .   three   settings   are   perfect   for   drying ,   the   shot   of   cool   hair   is   wonderful   as   well .   or   you   can   hold   it   down   to   dry   your   hair   with   cool   hair .   perfect   for   setting   curls .   this   hair   dryer   is   quitter   than   most ,   but   its   still   a   hair   dryer ,   so   its   going   to   be   noisy .   i   really   like   it ,   the   swivel   cord   makes   it   easier ,   so   your   not   getting   tangled   in   your   own   cord !   product   received   for   reviewing   purposes .
five   stars   super   light   and   easy   to   handle .   dries   fast   and   isn   t   too   loud .   a  
great   travel   hairdryer !   great ,   small ,   light   and   does   exactly   what   i   need .   who   could   ask   for   more  
two   stars   it   is   almost   impossible   to   assemble   but   the   dryer   itself   works   well .
bought   this   as   a   present   for   my   wife   this   christmas   ...   bought   this   as   a   present   for   my   wife   this   christmas .   she   has   used   it   many   times   since   and   absolutely   loves   it .   she   says   it   has   cut   her   dry   time   in   half !
i   initially   liked   this   dryer   but   it   is   heavy   and   all   the   ...   i   initially   liked   this   dryer   but   it   is   heavy   and   all   the   teeth   in   my   comb   broke .   now   i   cannot   find   a   replacement   comb .   if   anyone   knows   where   i   can   get   one ,   i   would   appreciate   it
super   light   weight   and   fast   drying ! !   this   a   very   light   blow   dryer   unlike   others   that   i   have   owned .   i   love   the   way   that   it   curves   ensuring   that   the   heat   is   going   directly   where   it   needs   to   go .   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   and   so   does   my   daughter   and   its   a   hassle   trying   to   get   it   done   but   i   can   honestly   say   that   out   hair   dries   in   less   than   ten   minutes ! !   im   highly   impressed   and   cant   wait   to   try   out   more   products   from   this   company   and   let   us   not   forget   the   color   of   this   dryer ! ! !   its   blue   and   i   love   it ! !   packaging   is   lovely   as   well
space   saver   easy   installation ,   and   the   wife   loves   it ,   so   in   my   book   that   s   worth   5   stars .
five   stars   great   little   hair   dryer .   very   lightweight .   dual   voltage   for   overseas   travel .   and .   a   long   cord .
powerful   and   light   great   hair   dryer   my   wife   loves   it .   she   says   it   s   as   good   as   her   expensive   high   end   model   that   it   replaced   and   weighs   less .
best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   had   i   got   this   to   replace   an   ancient   hairdryer   that   just   wasn   t   working   well   anymore .   this   is   a   wonderful   hairdryer !   i   can   dry   my   hair   quickly   and   it   has   all   the   possible   settings   that   i   ll   ever   need .   i   am   totally   happy   with   this !
four   stars   okay
best   travel   hair   dryer   great   product !   i   broke   down   and   got   this   dryer   to   take   with   me   while   traveling .   i   loved   my   other   conair   hair   dryer   so   decided   to   find   something   that   could   pack   in   a   suitcase .   this   hair   dryer   puts   out   a   ton   of   heat   for   such   a   small   product !   i   love   it .   it   is   perfect   for   the   traveler   as   well   as   someone   who   appreciates   a   great   product !
the   perfect   travel   hair   drier   heavy   duty   but   light   weight   compact !   i   have   very   thick ,   very   curly   hair   that   typically   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   the   little   mini   hair   driers   that   you   find   in   most   hotels   these   days   just   won   t   do   the   job   for   me   and   none   of   them   have   a   diffuser   or   will   fit   a   travel   diffuser   attachment   which   us   curly   girls   require   .   but   with   this   hair   drier ,   i   found   the   answer ! ! !   it   has   great   air   power ,   2   heat   settings ,   and   dual   voltage   so   you   can   take   it   on   overseas   trips   as   well .   barely   adds   any   weight   to   your   luggage   so   important   these   days   now   that   airlines   charge   a   hefty   fee   for   non   carry   on   luggage   or   baggage   that   exceeds   their   weight   limit   and   the   handle   folds   up   for   compact   packing .   the   diffuser   attachment   works   quite   well   maybe   not   quite   as   effective   as   my   full   size   diffuser   with   my   full   size   drier ,   but   pretty   darned   good .   it   s   great   for   travel   and   will   have   your   tresses   looking   gorgeous   in   no   time .   highly   recommended !
excelent   wife   says   this   is   the   best   drier   that   she   has   owned   to   date .   loves   it
great   product   best   little   travel   dryer   ever .   very   powerful ,   very   compact .   lasts   forever .   does   not   produce   static .   i   m   on   my   3rd   one ,   not   because   the   previous   two   were   faulty ,   but   because   i   lost   one   and   the   other   finally   wore   out .   i   only   wish   they   made   them   in   more   colors .   buy   this   and   you   won   t   regret   it .
best   travel   dryer !   absolutely   love   this   hairdryer !   it   is   compact   and   convenient   but   does   not   sacrifice   any   power .   i   have   really   thick ,   wavy   hair   and   this   travel   dryer   is   the   best   i   have   found .   i   now   have   multiple !
four   stars   love   the   dryer   because   it   is   small   wish   the   price   were   not   quite   so   high .
four   stars   a
hair   blow   dryer   dries   blow   hair   not   sure   what   features   might   be   missing   to   make   this   hair   dryer   sell   at   such   a   low   price .   it   does   everything   i   need   it   to ,   plus   has   two   attachments   i   ve   never   used   pinpointer   and   curler   the   cool   button   actually   gets   cool   pretty   quick   and   feels   a   little   cooler   than   the   ambient   temp .   doesn   t   have   a   medium   setting   but   i   don   t   think   that   s   worth   20   bucks .   if   you   don   t   like   the   color   blue ,   well   you   re   outta   luck .   guess   since   it   isn   t   foldable ,   it   may   not   be   good   for   travel .   whatever ,   it   blow   dries   my   hair   at   home   when   i   need   it   to   and   does   a   good   job   at   that .   will   update   review   if   it   spontaneously   melts   or   explodes .   btw ,   review   is   based   on   the   price   i   paid   for   it .   the   price   seems   to   fluctuate   a   lot   so   wait   until   a   seller   offers   it   for   10   dollars   or   less .   otherwise ,   it   s   pretty   much   the   same   deal   as   any   other   blow   dryer .
good   dependable   hair   dryer   my   wife   has   had   this   for   almost   2   years   and   she   likes   it ,   still   works   just   fine
stop   drop   and   buy !   perfection !   just   the   right   heat   and   no   more   overly   dried   out   hair !   thank   you !
five   stars   love   this   dryer .   it   s   light   and   dries   my   br   hair   super   fast .
five   stars   love   it .   heats   up   good .   fast   delivery .   easy   set   up !
great   for   travelling   works   great   !   it   s   strong   and   small   enough   for   travelling
love   this   dryer   love   this   dryer . i   have   very   curly   hair   and   this   dryer   is   light   and   dried   my   hair   faster   than   most   dryers . i   am   very   picky   and   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer .
four   stars   great   so   far .   very   lightweight .   not   hard   to   use ,   simple   basic   dryer ,
i   recommend   this   hair   dryer   this   was   my   second   one   to   own .   it   lasted   for   years .   i   hope   this   one   will   be   the   same .   i   recommend   this   hair   dryer .   thanks   amazon .  
...   powerful   as   i   would   have   hoped   but   it   s   not   bad   for   a   cheap   guy   not   as   powerful   as   i   would   have   hoped   but   it   s   not   bad   for   a   cheap   guy .
super   light !   great   product !   super   light .   i   have   a   problem   on   my   wrist   and   usually   have   a   hard   time   drying   styling   my   hair .   this   blow   dryer   made   my   hair   work   so   much   easier   and   painless .   the   power   is   great   too !   i   would   reccomend   it   to   anyone !
this   hair   dryer   is   small   but   its   engine   is   powerful   ...   this   hair   dryer   is   small   but   its   engine   is   powerful ! ! !   i   take   it   to   gym ,   travel   and   daily   hair   routine .
five   stars   mini   and   cute   even   not   exactly   the   same   color ,   still   beautiful
five   stars   love   it   !
but   i   like ,   that   it   has   a   cold   setting   take   s   forever   to   dry   my   hair .   which   is   median   length .   but   i   like ,   that   it   has   a   cold   setting .   and   you   don   t   have   to   hold   a   button ,   down .   which   i   really   like .   all ,   and   all ,   for   what   i   paid   for   it ,   it   s   okay .
five   stars   awesome   dryer !
five   stars   good
great   product   for   a   great   price   rated   this   five   stars   because   of   br   1   there   are   3   temperature   features   and   a   bonus   cool   shot   br   2   there   are   2   speeds   br   3   not   heavy   it   has   a   long   cord   br   4   the   2   combing   and   area   specific   drying   pieces   br   5   the   great   product   low   price .   br   this   is   product   is   great ,   and   is   worth   more   than   the   price   i   payed .
overall ,   we   give   this   a   thumbs   up   on   quality   and   ease   of   use .   with   a   houseful   of   divas   we   go   through   hair   dryers !   recently   we   received   a   tourmaline   ionic   hair   dryer   by   rimini   and   have   had   mixed   opinions   on   it .   br   br   i   like   it   but   i   also   have   shorter ,   shoulder   length   hair   that   does   not   require   a   lot   of   work .   the   girls   that   have   longer   thick   hair   thought   this   product   took   a   little   longer   to   dry   their   hair   but   they   liked   that   it   had   adjustable   settings   for   heat   and   that   it   was   light   weight .   br   br   according   to   the   packaging ,   this   product   is   known   for   being   br   br   powerful   reduce   drying   time   and   get   ready   faster   with   rimini   s   salon   grade   powerful   1500   w   motor .   advanced   ionic   technology   reduces   frizz   for   smoother ,   shinier   hair   br   precise   the   rimini   hair   dryer   comes   with   a   customized   concentration   nozzle   for   precise   styling   and   maximized   condensed   air   flow   control   to   the   area   you   are   targeting   br   adjustable   with   three   heat   levels   and   two   power   levels ,   achieve   complete   control   of   your   styling   and   lock   in   your   perfect   look   with   the   cool   shot   button   br   light   weight   weighting   only   1.3   lbs   and   equipped   with   an   ergonomic   handle   designed   to   suit   left   or   right   handed   users   br   br   overall ,   we   give   this   a   thumbs   up   on   quality   and   ease   of   use .   the   variety   of   settings   allow   us   to   use   this   for   not   only   drying   but   also   styling   smaller   areas .   the   little   ones   gave   it   a   thumbs   up   because   it   doesn   t   get   too   hot   on   their   head   when   used   on   the   lower   heat   setting .   br   br   this   product   was   purchase   with   a   promotional   coupon   or   discount .
five   stars   great   dryer ....   cut   drying   time   in   half !   looks   like   a   professional   job !
five   stars   this   is   a   great   product !   very   efficient   and   easy   to   use .
its   about   time   love   this ...   it   has   made   blow   drying   so   much   easier   for   me .
five   stars   wife   loves   it
it   works   awesome   love   this .   light   weight   and   dries   my   hair   very   fast .
love   it   it   s   just   what   i   wanted   love   it   it   s   just   what   i   wanted .   i   prefer   this   style   of   hand   dryer   to   others   and   the   attachments   are   great !   no   complaints .
love   love   this ! !   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used ! ! ! !   i   will   highly   recommend   it   to   any   one !   i   know   this   is   expensive ,   but   this   is   absolutely   worth   the   money ! ! !   you   have   to   use   it   to   believe   what   i   said !   my   hair   looks   soo   good   now ,   my   friends   notice   that   and   ask   me   what   did   i   do   differently .   every   body   need   to   have   one ! !
someone   mentioned   a   funny   smell ,   it   was   gone   after   the   first   use   i   was   hesitating   to   purchase   such   an   expensive   hair   dryer .   but   it   was   well   worth   it .   after   drying   your   hair ,   it   was   really   shiny   and   smooth .   hair   was   static   free ,   no   messy   at   all .   someone   mentioned   a   funny   smell ,   it   was   gone   after   the   first   use .   i   bought   it   on   ebay   and   saved   extra   20 .   highly   recommended   it !   no   regrets .   one   thing   to   mention   is   that   nano   works   well   when   the   air   is   a   little   moisture .   i   use   it   in   bathroom   immediately   after   taking   a   shower .
it   works   great !   this   fit   into   my   conair   1875 .   it   works   great !
nice   product ,   poor   roi   i   ve   now   owned   3   andis   dryers   and   none   has   lasted   past   2   1   2   years .   this   one   lasted   just   about   15   months .   nice   product ,   poor   roi .
bought   this   dryer   years   ago   it   changed   my   life .   45min   cut   to   10min !   thought   i   was   the   only   weirdo   that   struggled   to   dry   her   hair   w   in   45mins .   br   br   recently   found   out   my   best   friend   is   the   same   she   like   me   was   convinced   there   was   no   way   around   it .   writing   this   review   b   c   there   s   probably   more   of   us   out   there .   and   you   100   aren   t   stuck .   br   br   i   ve   got   long ,   thin   hair   but   a   lot   of   it .   it   traps   moisture   it   s   naturally   wavy ,   so   it   always   took   me   30   45mins   to   tame   it   dry .   most   of   the   time ,   a   solid   45mins .   result   was   hit   or   miss .   since   i   have   to   wash   my   hair   every   other   day ,   breaking   point   comes   when   you   don   t   want   to   wash   your   hair   b   c   you   don   t   want   to   deal   with   the   drying   time   tired   arms   ... and   i   m   strong   .   br   br   bought   this   on   a   whim   during   a   gilt   group   sale ,   when   my   generic   probably   conair   dryer   was   on   the   out .   br   br   now   i   dry   my   hair   in   10   15mins .   usually ,   a   bankable   10mins .   on   a   bad   hair   day ,   15mins .   br   br   no ,   seriously .   br   br   on   top   of   that   pile   of   awesome ,   it   s   very   light   evenly   weighted .   buttons   are   intuitive   don   t   get   accidently   knocked   on   off   while   you   use   it .   results   are   always   the   same .   doesn   t   damage   my   hair   w .   heat   probably   b   c   it   takes   so   little   time   .   and   it   s   small   enough   that   it   s   an   easy   travel   companion .   br   br   don   t   get   scared   off   by   this   dryer   s   price   it   s   a   life   saver .   and   game   changer .   delay   getting   this   if   you   want   to   waste   your   time .   br   br   for   the   holy   trifecta   this   hairdryer ,   a   boar   bristle   roller   brush ,   shu   uemura   white   tea   polishing   milk .   br   br   this   dryer   a   boar   bristle   brush   easily   tames   my   hair   w .   little   effort   leaves   it   looking   silky   smooth .   every   time .   note   choose   a   brush   that   has   both   natural   boar   bristles   taller   plastic   bristles   w .   the   knob   like ,   non   scratchy   tip   needs   a   decent   amount   of   boar   bristles ,   but   few   enough   to   let   air   through   easily .   it   doesn   t   have   to   be   expensive ,   just   needs   to   fit   those   parameters .   for   doubled   ease ,   get   shu   s   white   tea   polishing   milk .   a   little   goes   a   long   way .   you   ll   be   a   happyaddict .   rub   some   in   your   hands   pat   it   from   middle   of   your   hair   to   the   ends ,   but   particularly   the   ends   to   give   them   a   little   tangle   protection .   it   helps   smooth   my   hair   even   faster   it   lets   my   hair   better   tackle   humidity   friends   have   commented   that   i   look   normal   when   they   feel   they   don   t .   ps   the   brush   shu   isn   t   a   hack   the   dryer   is .   the   3   together   is   trifecta .   br   br   i   was   ecstatic   to   find   this   i   d   always   struggled   just   to   tame   my   stubborn   hair .   now   i   actually   feel   in   control   of   it .   just   bought   a   replacement   for   my   3   4yr   old   original   also   bought   one   for   my   mom   as   an   xmas   present .   my   friend   s   now   a   convert   begging   for   the   name   of   my   dryer .   br   br   you   won   t   regret .
  !   don   t   need   a   towel   anymore   in   college .
five   stars   time   has   proven   this   is   a   good   product .   would   buy   another   one .
sparks   shooting   out   of   cord .   very   dangerous !   i   liked   this   hair   dryer   well   enough   until   sparks   started   shooting   out   where   the   cord   is   attached !   i   only   use   this   dryer   3x   a   week   and   it   didn   t   even   last   8   months !   that   s   ridiculous .   i   loved   the   length   of   the   cord   and   that   it   had   attachments .   i   smelled   burning   and   sparks   started   shooting   from   my   dryer ,   i   throw   it   on   the   floor   and   quickly   unplugged   it .   when   i   picked   it   up ,   the   entire   unit   was   very   hot   to   the   touch   and   the   cord   had   completely   severed   one   of   the   wires .   that   was   not   like   that   before   i   started .   is   it   too   much   to   ask   for   a   safe   hair   dryer  
five   stars   best   compact   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   owned .
it   s   works   very   good .   we   had   the   same   one   that   lasted   for   ...   it   s   works   very   good .   we   had   the   same   one   that   lasted   for   7   years .   it   is   pretty   noisy .   i   thought   maybe   they   had   made   them   to   be   less   noisy   now .
one   star   it   dosent   have   hot   air !
great   hairdryer .   first   used   it   at   a   hotel   and   ...   great   hairdryer .   first   used   it   at   a   hotel   and   was   finally   able   to   locate   one   online .
four   stars   k
two   stars   smell   burning   from   the   dryer
three   stars   quite   noisy   compared   to   others   we   have   had .   retraction   cord   has   to   be   jiggled   in   order   to   retract .
great   dryer   works   great   to   dry   my   daughters   natural   hair .
five   stars   works   well   and   the   speed   and   temperature   adjustments   are   easy   to   use .   well   worth   the   small   amount   it   costs .
makes   a   fast   job   of   its   work   it   works .   has   only   two   controls ,   with   the   34   off   34   switch   located   between   them .   i   don   t   find   this   very   appealing ,   but   i   do   find   it   doesn   t   take   very   long   to   dry   my   hair   with   this   machine .   my   hair   is   thick ,   straight ,   and   shoulder   length .
i   love   this   product   i   love   this   product ,   it   has   a   good   performance ,   i   really   fall   in   love ,   is   simple   to   use   and   practice   to   mobilize
fast   drying ! !   i   have   had   the   opportunity   to   try   quite   a   few   xtava   products   and   i   am   overwhelmed   by   the   quality   of   their   items .   i   d   never   heard   of   xtava   prior   to   november   and   for   being   a   virtual   unknown   in   the   heavily   competitive   beauty   market ,   they   really   are   creating   products   that   will   last .   i   hope   that   they   are   able   to   get   a   foothold   in   this   industry   and   keep   on   making   such   great   items !   br   br   the   rimini   blow   dryer   for   starters ,   is   a   gorgeous   hair   dryer .   we   desperately   needed   a   new   hair   dryer   because   ours   is   ready   to   die   anytime   now .   this   definitely   is   a   step   up   from   the   cheapo   dryer   we   had   purchased .   br   br   it   drys   our   hair   so   quickly .   even   my   daughter   who   has   much   thicker   and   coarse   hair   than   myself   it   doesn   t   take   much   time   at   all   until   her   hair   is   completely   dry .   there   are   two   speed   settings ,   low   and   high   as   well   as   three   heat   settings   plus   the   cold   shot   button .   i   find   that   i   use   the   medium   heat   and   the   high   speed   settings   the   most .   br   br   i   also   love   that   it   has   a   little   hook   on   it   so   that   you   can   easily   hang   it   on   a   nail   for   easy   access   in   your   bathroom .   the   cord   is   long   enough   to   be   able   to   style   your   hair   just   about   anywhere   you   need   it .   it   s   not   like   real   quiet ,   but   it   s   not   as   loud   as   some   hairdryers .   it   really   is   one   of   the   best   dryer   s   i   ve   used   and   it   s   definitely   the   best   hair   dryer   that   i   ve   ever   personally   owned ! !   i   m   so   impressed   by   the   quality   of   xtava   and   their   products !   br   br   review   product   received
five   stars   sure   does   blow   hot .
three   stars   need   to   be   very   specific   on   hanging   cord   or   inside   wiring .
five   stars   excellent   product
it   s   fine ,   nothing   special .   i   m   surprised   at   all   the   fantastic   reviews .   it   s   fine ,   it   works   so   far ,   we   ll   see   ,   but   there   is   nothing   outstanding   or   amazing   about   this   dryer .   it   is   not   faster   than   any   previous   dryer   i   ve   used ,   my   hair   isn   t   softer   or   fancier .   i   do   appreciate   the   ability   to   set   to   cool   without   holding   down   the   button .   so ,   it   is   what   it   is   and   comes   with   a   fair   price .   take   it   or   leave   it .
perfect   purchase   i   love   this .   my   mom   got   it   for   me   for   christmas   and   it   s   definitely   one   of   the   best   christmas   gifts   i   ve   ever   gotten .   peopel   complained   that   it   didn   t   have   a   medium   setting   but   i   personally   didn   t   see   a   need   for   it .   i   use   it   for   my   hot   oil   treatments   and   my   deep   conditioning   treatments   it   works   great .   it   doesn   t   burn   my   neck   or   ears .   i   would   definitely   reccomed
two   stars   the   switch   to   turn   on   and   off   is   terrible
the   best   blowdryer   i   have   ever   had !   quickly   dries   your   hair   without   frying   it   ! ! !
five   stars   it   s   great ! ! !
great   dryer !   have   had   it   for   quite   some   time   ...   great   dryer !   have   had   it   for   quite   some   time   and   have   not   had   any   issues
great !   powerful   little   guy ! !   does   the   job ,   neat ,   compact .   love   it !   jj
five   stars   muy   bueno
purchased   it   twice ,   both   died   suddenly   i   know   you   get   what   you   pay   for   but   this   was   ridiculous .   i   liked   the   retractable   cord   and   the   folding   handle   so   much   that   i   purchased   another   one   when   my   first   shorted   out .   this   morning   my   second   one   was   completely   dead .   and   i   had   a   soaking   wet   head   and   20   minutes   to   get   ready   for   work .   it   doesn   t   get   much   worse .   i   m   not   rough   with   it   and   each   lasted   less   than   a   year .   br   this   thing   is   simply   not   reliable .   i   shouldn   t   have   tried   it   twice .   br   do   not   recommend .
five   stars   works   great ,   cord   retracts   as   expected .
i   ve   been   using   this   for   the   past   3 ,   almost   ...   i   ve   been   using   this   for   the   past   3 ,   almost   4   years   and   it   still   works   the   same   way   as   when   i   first   took   it   out   of   the   box .
five   stars   my   wife   loves   it  
five   stars   perfect   size ,   dries   my   hair   fast .   i   like   the   built   in   nightlight .
five   stars   i   love   it   very   much . i   recommend   for   anyone   who   is   looking   for   a   good   hair   dryer .   roseli
i   love   my   wall   mounted   blow   dryer   i   love   my   wall   mounted   blow   dryer !   it   puts   out   a   great   volume   of   air   which   i   like   and   was   looking   for .   it   doesn   t   get   too   hot ....   temp   is   just   right .   i   like   the   small   amber   night   light   in   the   bathroom   at   night .   i   would   purchase   this   item   again   in   a   heart   beat   !
great   hairdryer   i   gave   this   to   my   daughter   for   christmas .   she   said   that   she   loves   it !
light   weight !   very   nice   dryer .   it   s   not   as   powerful   as   ones   i   ve   had   in   the   past   but   i   have   short   hair .   i   don   t   think   it   would   be   powerful   enough   for   long   hair .   it   was   my   mistake   not   to   realize   the   power   level   that   was   posted   in   the   ad .
great   my   mother   loves   this   lightweight   hair   dryer .   says   its   easy   to   use .
love   it   i   really   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   like   that   it   has   black   with   a   touch   of   pink   on   it .   it   s   made   with   sturdy   material   and   it   isn   t   to   heavy   to   handle   when   drying   your   hair .   i   only   use   the   cold   air   since   i   don   t   want   to   damage   my   hair .   it   s   nice   that   you   can   choose   between   cold   air   and   warm   air   and   each   has   a   high   and   low   setting .   it   also   has   two   attachments   which   is   perfect ,   depending   on   your   preference .   this   a   great   product   to   use   for   your   daily   hair   routine   and   it   s   even   a   good   size   for   travel .   it   s   a   perfect   gift   to   give   any   women   in   your   life .   i   m   very   happy   with   all   the   xtava   products   i   ve   gotten   to   review .   they   re   all   high   quality   products   and   i   would   definitely   recommend   their   products !
five   stars   i   love   this   hair   dryer .
love   it   installed   this   unit   in   my   rv .   works   great   for   it   s   size .   gets   very   hot   on   hi .
it   still   works   like   the   first   day   i   had   it   it   still   works   like   the   first   day   i   had   it ,   but   the   retractable   cord   takes   a   little   finagling   to   get   it   all   the   way   back   in .   nonetheless ,   it   s   much   better   than   having   all   these   cords   all   over   the   place !
decent   product !   decent   product ,   although ,   the   air   volume   doesn   t   seem   to   be   as   good   as   other   similar   products   like   this   that   i   have   bought .   i   do   like   that   there   is   a   place   to   hang   the   cord   to   get   it   off   the   counter .   it   does   do   the   job ,   so   i   am   fairly   pleased   with   it .
five   stars   love   it !
switch   failed   when   it   was   fairly   new   the   hair   dryer   switch   refused   to   go   the   the   high   position .   unfortunately ,   since   i   purchased   it   as   a   christmas   gift   for   a   family   member   long   before   christmas ,   i   was   not   able   to   return   it   to   amazon   so   i   had   to   pay   almost   the   cost   of   the   hair   dryer   in   shipping   fees   to   return   it   to   the   manufacturer .   i   just   received   the   warranty   replacement   unit .   the   hair   dryer   performs   great ,   but   the   switch   failure   was   annoying .
great   product   this   is   the   third   house   we   have   put   these   into   our   master   baths .   i   even   have   one   installed   in   our   rv !   so   handy   and   so   much   neater   in   appearance .
will   easily   collapse   on   your   head   flimsy ,   does   not   dry   well ,   not   adjustable ,   will   easily   collapse   on   your   head .
the   hair   dryer   seems   to   be   of   good   quality   so   far   the   hair   dryer   seems   to   be   of   good   quality   so   far ,   but   the   color   is   deceiving   by   the   picture .   i   bought   it   specifically   because   it   looked   purple   since   that   is   my   granddaughter   s   favorite   color ,   but   when   it   arrived ,   it   was   very   pink ,   which   was   disappointing .   it   should   have   had   a   better   description   in   the   specs .
great   hair   dryer   wrapped   into   a   small   size !   perfect   size .   does   just   what   i   want ! ! !   no   complaints !
poor   quality   for   the   price   the   exterior   of   this   hair   dryer   melted   and   i   can   no   longer   use   any   of   the   attachments .   poor   quality   for   the   price .
worked   well   dried   my   wife   s   thick   hair   in   10   minutes .
great   price .   works   great   and   half   the   cost   of   the   store .   plus   free   shipping .
five   stars   best   ever !   has   lasted   a   long   time !
arrived   on   time   and   in   great   condition   i   love   my   conair   turbo   hair   dryer .   it   works   great   and   makes   my   hair   look   and   feel   better .   i   recommend   this   product   to   my   friends   and   family .
but   i   haven   t   had   any   issues   like   that   with   this   dryer   yet   the   multitude   of   setting   combinations   allow   me   to   control   how   my   hair   dries   its   naturally   very   wavy   and   gets   frizzy   fast ,   but   i   haven   t   had   any   issues   like   that   with   this   dryer   yet .
decent   buy   connectors   always   comes   off .   overheats .   put   on   medium   setting   and   it   gets   the   job   done .   not   100   what   i   wanted   but   it   works .
amazing !   cute   pink   color ,   travel   friendly   and   works   great .   this   is   actually   a   really   great   hair   dryer !   i   love   how   compact   it   is   smaller   than   regular   sized   dryers   ,   it   is   almost   like   a   travel   type   of   dryer .   i   find   it   very   easy   to   use   and   that   it   gives   me   such   the   softest   appearance   with   hair .   i   m   a   college   student   so   i   m   always   on   the   go   whether   its   going   from   class   to   class   to   traveling   to   yoga   class   gym   i   definitely   need   something   as   flexible   as   i   am .   my   hair   is   on   the   normal   side ,   not   too   thick   and   not   too   thin .   it   is   also   fairly   straight .   br   br   i   feel   that   this   hair   dryer   without   the   diffuser   black   top   creates   such   a   satin   feel   to   the   hair   and   that   with   the   diffuser   on   my   hair   gets   so   shiny !   so   what   i   do   is   do   about   2   5   min   without   the   black   top   diffuser   and   3   minutes   with   it   on .   the   cool   thing   about   this   hair   dryer   is   that   it   comes   with   2   diffusers   one   wide   and   one   thin   ,   it   helps   cater   to   your   hair   and   what   you   want   done   to   it .   overall   this   is   an   excellent   hair   dryer ,   everything   form   the   xtava   line   so   far   has   been   fantastic .   i   have   received   this   product   complimentary   for   my   review   but   definitely   believe   that   this   product   is   great   and   affordable !
love   it !   works   great !   my   12   year   old   and   9   year   old   daughters   use   it   and   it   s   easier   for   them   than   using   a   regular   hair   dryer .
tiny !   not   the   same   size   as   the   usual   ones   ...   tiny !   not   the   same   size   as   the   usual   ones   this   style   so   keep   that   in   mind .   other   than   that ,   it   still   works   well .   it   is   a   bit   louder   than   more   pricey   hair   dryers .   has   a   distinct   rattle   sound .   i   bought   this   for   my   mother   who   doesn   t   have   that   much   hair .   i   have   a   thick   mane   of   it   and   it   works   but   takes   too   long .   not   the   best   for   styling .
four   stars   good   product   for   the   price
i   like   this   hair   dryer   i   like   this   hair   dryer .   i   bought   it   based   on   reviews .   it   is   slightly   heavier   than   my   old   one ,   but   it   s   well   balanced   and   is   smaller ,   which   i   like .   as   far   as   the   placement   of   the   buttons ,   i   find   that   my   thumb   goes   right   between   both   buttons   so   when   it   s   on ,   i   don   t   move   either   button   during   use .   quite   happy   with   this   purchase .
works   great !   just   what   i   was   looking   for .... works   great !
five   stars   love   it   i   use   it   on   all   my   clients   and   gets   very   hot
five   stars   very   good   and   efficient   quiet   too .
works   as   expected   had   it   about   5   months .   very   happy   with   it .   light   enought   for   3   4th   graders   to   use   on   longer   hair
works   as   advertised   i   m   not   sure   if   i   had   low   expectations   going   in   or   what   but   very   pleasantly   surprised   with   the   results .   not   too   loud ,   fits   my   head   properly   and   will   dry   your   hair   obviously   you   re   probably   going   to   sit   under   there   for   awhile ..   took   me   about   2hr30mins   .   money   well   spent   especially   considering   the   spent   at   the   salon   .
amazing   hair   dryer   for   the   price   this   hairdryer   is   great .   it   is   so   much   better   than   the   cheap   25   dollars   hair   dryers   i   used   to   get   from   the   store .   no   frizz   and   i   live   in   florida   where   we   have   tons   of   humidity   and   it   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time .   the   cord   is   not   retractable ,   but   that   is   my   only   quirk   with   the   dryer .   if   you   are   looking   to   step   up   and   not   pay   100   dollars   for   a   hairdryer   this   one   is   awesome .   i   m   truly   impressed .
nice   size   low   temp   is   quiet   but   high   is   ...   nice   size   low   temp   is   quiet   but   high   is   still   very   loud .   got   it   b   c   comb   attachment   which   stayed   on   for   the   most   part   except   for   once   but   i   have   kinky   natural   hair ,   use   it   to   do   blow   out   styles
ok   for   travel ,   affordable .   felt   weaker   than   my   other   1875w   hair   dryer .   that   said ,   it   is   affordable   and   compact .   if   one   uses   it   for   travel   and   not   daily   use ,   it   is   probably   fine .
nice   dryer ... disappointing   features   nice   dryer ,   although   heavy .   cord   was   no   longer   retractable   after   only   2   mos .   of   use .   disappointing   to   say   the   least   as   that   was   one   of   the   reasons   i   chose   this   dryer   in   particular .   drat !
good   value   we   love   this   blow   dryer   because   it   does   the   job   under   10   minutes   that   is   a   lifesaver   for   the   people   in   my   home .   this   blow   dryer   was   exceptional   value .
five   stars   excelent !
i   don   t   remember   why   i   sent   this   back ,   but   ...   i   don   t   remember   why   i   sent   this   back ,   but   i   think   it   was   because   it   did   not   fold   up   closely   enough .   ml
you   need   this   in   your   life ! ! !   i   honestly   do   not   know   where   this   has   been   my   entire   life .   i   have   very   thick   and   wavy   hair ,   this   dryer   styles   my   hair   in   half   the   time .   i   usually   would   blow   dry   my   hair ,   put   a   frizz   control   then   use   the   flat   iron .   with   this   my   hair   is   healthier ,   i   don   t   have   to   use   my   flat   iron   as   much   and   i   use   very   little   anti   frizz   product   now .   i   would   reccomend   this   to   anyone   who   has   thick ,   wavy ,   or   even   curly   hair   and   wants   to   be   able   to   quickly   style   their   hair .   i   ve   tried   everything   thing   i   could   think   of   to   get   my   hair   to   straighten   easily   and   efficently   and   this   is   the   one .   in   32   years ,   i   ve   never   been   more   in   love   with   any   of   my   hair   tools .
five   stars   best   investment   needed   a   good   blow   dryer
works   great   for   her   bought   this   as   a   christmas   gift   for   my   9   year   old   daughter .   works   okay   but   doesn   t   put   out   a   lot   of   heat .   works   great   for   her ,   she   has   short   hair .   however   i   have   shoulder   length   hair   and   it   would   take   to   long   for   me   to   try   and   use .   great   value ,   for   younger   girls   it   s   sufficient .   i   would   recommend   a   better   blow   dryer   if   you   have   a   lot   of   hair   or   don   t   have   a   lot   of   time   to   spend   blowing   drying   your   hair .
five   stars   lots   of   power ... works   great
five   stars   it   works   great .   love   it !
five   stars   my   daughter   loves   this   hair   dryer !   it   is   so   cute   and   works   really   well !
powerful   lots   of   power   for   a   little   dryer !
working   good !   while   the   flat   iron   is   coming   apart   in   less   than   a   year ,   this   hair   dryer   seems   to   be   a   better   product   so   far .
a   m   a   z   i   n   g   just   used   my   new   hair   dryer   for   the   first   time   and   ran ,   yes   ran ,   to   write   this   review .   i   cannot   believe   this   is   my   hair !   i   have   shoulder   length ,   course ,   thick ,   curly   hair   which   i   blow   dry   and   iron .   i   have   always   used   high   end   hair   dryers ,   but   this   is   the   best   ever .   worth   twice   the   price !   not   only   did   my   hair   dry   faster ,   but   it   dried   frizz   free .   i   did   not   have   to   flat   iron   it   after   blowing   it   dry .   first   time   ever   not   having   to   flat   iron .   my   hair   looks   like   it   does   when   i   come   from   the   hair   dresser .   i   can   t   believe   a   hair   dryer   can   make   this   big   of   a   difference ,   but   i   can   assure   you ,   it   does .   thank   you   sedu .   i   am   a   believer .
four   stars   great ,   would   highly   recommend   it
not   enough   power   not   hot   enough   or   powerful   enough   to   dry ,   or   style ,   my   fine   hair .
the   low   speed   doesn   t   dry   very   well .   the   high   ...   the   low   speed   doesn   t   dry   very   well .   the   high   speed   is   very   loud .   it   does   the   job   but   i   wouldn   t   buy   again .
box   was   open   the   box   to   the   dryer   was   open   it   was   missing   the   coupon   that   it   was   supposed   to   include .   it   might   have   been   used .   it   was   definitely   opened ...
five   stars   good   size
five   stars   my   daughter   loved   it   for   christmas
five   stars   i   love   this   blow   dryer ,   its   small   and   powerful ,   exactly   what   i   wanted
amazing   blow   dryer   with   lots   of   power   and   heat   came   in   quick ..   amazing   blow   dryer   with   lots   of   power   and   heat !
this   hair   dryer   is   amazing ,   it   cuts   my   hair   drying   time   to   half   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing ,   it   cuts   my   hair   drying   time   to   half ,   with   smooth   shining   hair   as   result .   shipping   was   from   japan ,   took   about   10   days   to   arrive   in   us   with   registered   mail .
i   sent   it   back   as   it   was   not   what   i   wanted   for   my   fine   hair .   it   said   nothing   about   ions   in   description ..   one   of   the   questions   said   not   ionic   but   the   box   says   ionic .   i   sent   it   back   as   it   was   not   what   i   wanted   for   my   fine   hair ..
once   you   buy   a   babyliss   pro ,   you   will   never   want   to   try   another   brand !   best   hair   dryer   ever .   need   i   say   more  
small   diffuser .   does   not   work   well   on   curly   hair .   i   bought   this   for   my   wife ,   who   has   long ,   brunette   curly   hair .   she   blow   dries   her   hair   every   morning   with   a   diffuser .   i   bought   this   to   replace   her   current   conair   dryer   from   target   which   is   on   its   way   out .   unfortunately ,   the   diffuser   with   this   blow   dryer   is   very   small   just   under   4   inches   in   diameter   .   she   dried   her   hair   once   with   the   unit   and   said   it   had   to   go   back   due   to   the   small   diffuser   and   that   it   took   too   long   to   dry   her   hair .   br   br   as   for   the   positive ,   she   said   it   was   quieter   than   the   conair   unit   it   was   supposed   to   replace .
i   love   it ,   it   s   not   too   heavy   i   love   it ,   it   s   not   too   heavy ,   not   loud ,   the   cored   about   4ft ,   gives   good   heat ,   and   leaves   my   hair   soft   and   silky .
excellent   product .   excellent   product .   ...   this   a   replacement   for   another   turbo   that   i   bought   15   years   ago   ,   and   i   used   almost   every   day   of   the   week ...   i   won   t   buy   any   other   hair   dryer .   ...
conair   soft   bonnet   hair   dryer   the   conair   soft   bonnet   hair   dryer   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking .   i   had   an   old   one   that   i   loved   but   i   used   it   so   much ,   i   had   to   get   a   new   one .   one   thing   i   can   say   is   that   my   old   one   last   a   very   long   time .   i   know   that   i   will   enjoy   my   soft   bonnet   hair   bonnet   dryer   for   years   to   come .   i   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   everyone   who   likes   to   relax   while   getting   their   hair   dry .
great   hair   dryer   it   dries   my   hair   very   quickly   and   is   very   light   weight .   great   hair   dryer !
if   you   need   dual   voltage ,   spend   your   money   elsewhere   bought   this   for   a   monthly   back   packing   trip   to   south   america .   it   broke   after   a   week .   it   should   not   be   allowed   to   operate   on   high   mode   in   countries   with   lower   voltage .
five   stars   nice   hair   dryer
wonderful   this   is   my   second   i   blew   up   the   first   forgetting   to   convert   from   us   to   european   currency   it   was   quite   dramatic   .   but   i   rushed   to   amazon   on   my   return   and   bought   another   one   it   really   is   the   best   us   or   intercontinental   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   traveled   with .   it   gets   very   hot   on   high   which   is   just   fine   with   me .   and   it   s   a   noisy   sucker .   br   br   but   it   weighs   very   little   and   is   a   real   trooper   i   think   i   had   the   first   one   over   five   years   and   its   ultimate   failure   was   mine   not   the   manufacturer   s   .   br   br   read   the   reviews   most   people   really   really   like   it .
super   great   hair   dryer   for   very   little   cost   super   great   hair   dryer   for   very   little   cost .   i   own   a   200   hair   dryer   and   like   this   one   a   lot   better .
i   borrow   it ...   there   is   nothing   more   to   say   about   dryer ,   except   that   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   it   is   quiet   and   fast ,   like   a   ninja .   maybe   they   should   rename   it ,   lol .   i   bought   this   for   my   daughter ,   but   when   she   s   not   around ,   i   find   myself   34   borrowing   34   it .   hey ,   i   paid   for   it ,   don   t   judge   me  
four   stars   love   this   hair   dryer .   mount   it   on   the   wall   in   the   bathroom   and   it   works   great !
not   worth   it .   odd   shaped   barrel   and   pathetic   power .   not   worth   the   price ,   and   it   wasn   t   very   expensive .
conair   1875   works   great   for   price .
five   stars   great   product
five   stars   i   can   t   believe   how   this   hair   dryer   made   my   hair   feel   so   soft   and   not   frizzy .
five   stars   great   product
wife   is   happy .   bought   for   my   wife .   seems   to   work   as   advertised .   wife   is   happy .
four   stars   works   fine
i   love   this   hairdryer   i   love   this   hairdryer !   i   ve   had   mine   for   3   months   and   my   hair   looks   so   silky   and   shiny !   my   hair   is   very   thick   and   frizzy   curly   slightly   past   my   shoulders   .   i   used   to   have   my   hair   professionally   done   roller   set   and   blown   out   every   week   when   i   lived   close   to   my   favorite   hair   salon .   when   my   husband   and   i   moved ,   i   couldn   t   find   a   salon   that   was   close   enough   for   weekly   appointments ,   and   it   was   just   getting   expensive .   i   ve   had   other   standing   hair   bonnet   dryers ,   but   this   is   the   kind   i   see   most   at   professional   hair   salons ,   and   for   a   reason .   it   s   fairly   quiet   except   for   the   ticking   sound   from   the   timer   .   it   goes   up   to   75   degrees   celsius ,   which   is   about   167   degrees   fahrenheit   very   hot   ,   but   there   is   a   dial   that   lets   you   adjust   the   temperature   all   the   way   down   to   cool   temps .   i   usually   keep   mine   at   65   degrees   celsius   about   150   f   .   there   is   another   dial   where   you   set   the   time   and   it   goes   up   to   a   full   hour ,   which   is   what   i   need .   i   don   t   have   to   worry   about   keeping   track   of   time   as   the   dryer   turns   off   automatically   with   the   time   you   set .   i   just   roller   set   my   hair ,   set   the   timer ,   and   read   or   nap   until   the   dryer   stops .   i   love   it !   caveat   while   assembly   is   easy ,   it   was   not   so   smooth   to   do .   my   husband   had   to   re   order   replacement   parts   because   they   did   not   fit   together   properly   the   first   time .   still   worth   it ,   if   you   have   the   space   to   store   it !
four   stars   easy   mount .   heats   well
...   i   expected   and   heavier   than   expected   but   it   works   better   than   the   diffuser   that   came   with   my   other   dryer   it   was   bigger   than   i   expected   and   heavier   than   expected   but   it   works   better   than   the   diffuser   that   came   with   my   other   dryer .
works   great !   i   love   that   it   s   big   since   i   have   ...   works   great !   i   love   that   it   s   big   since   i   have   tons   of   hair .
quick   dryer   it   s   a   little   bigger   than   i   had   imagined   but   the   weight   is   okay   and   it   works   quick .   i   haven   t   noticed   any   change   in   my   hair   texture   or   look   but   it   works   well   otherwise .   and   mine   didn   t   come   with   a   diffuser   as   some   reviews   mention .
three   stars   works   as   expected ,   but   the   scotch   sticky   mounts   don   t   hold   up   against   steam ...
five   stars   i   love   it ! ! !
just   not   for   me .   i   like   this   hair   dryer ,   but   it   s   just   not   well   suited   for   a   man   s   use   especially   in   the   gym .   i   had   purchased   it   to   dry   my   hair   during   the   winter   months .   it   is   not   overly   loud   and   provides   a   high   volume   of   air   too   much   to   manage   the   shorter   hair   most   men   wear .   it   s   also   much   heavier   than   i   expected   it   to   be .   i   decided   to   go   with   a   model   with   a   comb   and   brush   attachment .   br   br   a   word   of   caution   concerning   the   folding   handle   on   this   unit .   the   first   time   i   used   it   i   had   my   forefinger   too   close   to   the   top   of   the   handle   and   it   pinched   the   heck   out   of   me .   i   still   have   a   sore   spot   on   my   finger   a   week   later .   be   careful   when   opening .
just   okay   i   know   some   other   reviewers   have   raved   about   this   hair   dryer .   for   me ,   it   s   just   okay .   it   gets   the   job   done .   i   ve   got   fine ,   thin   hair ,   so   most   dryers   will   do   that .   and   it   does   keep   the   static   down   a   bit .   i   find   it   heavier   and   more   awkward   than   my   previous   sassoon   dryer   that   used   to   have   an   ionizer   function   but   does   not   now .   the   switches   on   this   dryer   are   more   difficult   to   work .   they   re   sliders   that   are   only   slightly   elevated   from   the   underlying   plastic   layer   and   have   a   narrow   slightly   elevated   lip   at   on   end   that   i   suppose   is   designed   to   make   them   easier   to   move   but   doesn   t   do   much   for   me .   it   works ,   and   i   m   keeping   it .   but   i   m   not   sure   i   d   buy   it   again .
i   like   how   small   it   is   and   has   good   power   makes   ...   i   like   how   small   it   is   and   has   good   power   makes   it   easy   to   travel   with   doesn   t   take   up   much   room
five   stars   product   arrived   quickly   and   worked   as   expected   in   europe .
five   stars   like   it .
five   stars   i   good   investment .
it   s   really   good   and   light   weight   to   carry   around   but   the   only   ...   it   s   really   good   and   light   weight   to   carry   around   br   but   the   only   drawback   i   feel   is   the   souf   which   makes   my   lil   one   run   away
four   stars   very   adequate .
four   stars   powerful ,   folds   up   and   the   cord   retractor   is   strong .
works   very   well   but   it   smoked   a   tiny   amount .   so   far   it   works   very   well ,   however   when   i   first   turned   it   on   it   smoked   a   little ,   a   very   tiny   amount .   i   don   t   know   if   that   s   normal   or   its   going   to   explode ,   i   will   write   another   review   if   the   worst   happens .
happy   with   dryer   i   like   this   dryer ,   it   s   light   does   what   it   s   suppose   to .   the   only   issue   i   have   br   is   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   my   last   dryer   it   s   not   by   any   means   cold   just   a   little   br   less   warm   that   what   i   would   ideally   like .   but ,   it   works   very   well   for   the   price .
great   works   really   well   and   retractable   cord   is   great   for   storage .   this   dryer   is   lightweight   and   i   love   the   different   heat   settings .   only   negative   is   cord   button   is   a   little   hard   to   push .
do   not   buy !   poor   quality   worked   for   a   while .   then ,   it   broke .   i   bought   it   a   month   ago .   do   not   buy   it !
five   stars   works   great !
great   diffuser   for   curly   hair   i   purchased   this   to   go   with   my   rusk   w8less   professional   hair   dryer   and   it   fits   perfectly !   i   love   that   the   bowl   is   large   and   really   deep .   this   is   a   must   have   for   curly   hair !
five   stars   bueno
easy   to   handle ,   dries   my   hair   quickly !   i   haven   t   owned   a   blow   dryer   in   over   three   years .   i   chopped   off   all   my   hair   i   had   about   1   2   34   of   hair   left   to   go   chemical   free .   now ,   three   years   later ,   my   hair   is   super   thick   and   well   past   my   shoulders   again .   i   m   able   to   let   my   hair   air   dry ,   but   sometimes   even   after   24   hours ,   my   hair   isn   t   fully   dry .   i   was   excited   to   get   this   blow   dryer   to   review   on   my   blog .   sure ,   air   drying   is   less   time   consuming   and   i   m   able   to   do   other   things   while   my   hair   dries ,   but   now   i   know   what   i   was   missing   when   i   didn   t   need   a   hair   dryer !   br   br   if   i   have   my   hair   styled   and   i   get   in   the   shower ,   i   can   guarantee   my   curled   hair   will   be   wet .   a   wet   curl   doesn   t   look   good   on   anybody !   with   this   blow   dryer ,   i   can   quickly   dry   my   all   my   hair   or   just   a   section   because   it   comes   with   a   concentrated   air   flow   attachment .   the   buttons   are   self   explanatory .   you   have   the   cool   blast   button ,   the   degree   of   heat   button ,   and   the   force   of   air   button .   they   are   easy   to   press   and   easy   to   remember   where   they   are   when   the   blow   dryer   is   up   in   the   air   against   my   hair .   br   br   since   this   is   the   first   blow   dryer   i   ve   owned   and   used   since   late   2011 ,   i   give   it   two   thumbs   up .   it   s   a   great   blow   dryer   for   the   price   you   pay .   it   feels   natural   in   my   hands ,   and   again ,   this   is   after   not   handling   one   in   over   three   years .   christmas   2015   will   be   my   4th   year .  
compact   but   a   lot   of   power .   this   is   definitely   a   powerful   compact   dryer .   i   took   this   on   a   vacation   with   me ,   and   it   fit   pretty   well   in   my   backpack ,   where   i   only   traveled   with   a   carry   on   bag .   there   are   only   two   settings ,   but   it   gets   the   job   done .   i   have   used   full   size   blow   dryers   that   don   t   nearly   come   close   to   how   powerful   of   a   blast   this   one   provides .   the   plastic   attachment   that   comes   with   it   doesn   t   fit   very   well ,   and   it   easily   pops   off ,   but   overall   this   is   a   great   dryer   to   use   for   travel   or   everyday   use .
four   stars   solid   performance   right   out   of   the   box .
five   stars   love   it ....
so   far   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing .   i   love   the   various   settings   which   allows   for   ...   so   far   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing .   i   love   the   various   settings   which   allows   for   less   frizz .   it   is   heavier   than   my   last   hair   dryer   i   owned   different   brand   but   i   think   it   is   because   it   is   better   constructed .   drying   time   does   seem   a   bit   faster   but   hard   to   tell   as   my   hair   is   thick .
i   ve   tried   them   all .   buy   this   one !   i   hate   most   blow   dryers .   they   re   either   not   hot   enough   or   too   expensive   or   they   feel   like   they   are   blowing   a   soft   spring   breeze   through   my   hair .   this   one   is   perfect .   i   have   naturally   wavy   hair   and   blow   it   straight   almost   every   day .   either   i   m   loosing   my   mind   or   else   this   blow   dryer   really   does   make   my   hair   feel   softer .   dries   fast ,   too .   highly   recommend .
worked   great   for   a   while   worked   great   for   a   while .   tip   of   blow   dryer   broke   off   in   first   month ,   had   to   crazy   glue   it   back   on .   just   died   about   a   year   later ,   no   heat .   it   was   a   great   price   just   wished   it   lasted   longer .
five   stars   great
three   stars   works   well ,   but   not   as   light   and   small   as   other   travel   dryers   i   have   had .
works ,   but   has   a   smell   to   it .   i   m   a   guy   with   medium   length   hair   that   needs   a   hair   dryer   to   speed   up   the   process .   br   br   my   last   hair   dryer   was   a   vidal   sassoon   similiar   to   the   size   of   this   one   and   just   very   basic .   worked   great   for   several   years   then   just   quit   putting   out   heat .   br   br   this   one   had   good   reviews   and   was   cheap .   so   i   bought   it .   br   br   although   it   worked   to   dry   my   hair   and   was   basic   and   did   the   job ,   exactly   what   i   wanted ,   it   smelt   like   burning   plastic .   maybe   it   s   jsut   a   new   hair   dryer   regardless ,   i   am   returning   it   due   to   another   review   where   someone   had   a   larger   issue   arrive   from   this .   br   br   i   plan   on   purchasing   a   much   more   expensive   hair   dryer   to   get   a   better   quality   product .   wish   a   company   could   make   a   small ,   powerful   hair   dryer   for   20   that   just   worked   and   was   durable .
five   stars  
five   stars   very   good   product ,   excellent   100   recommended .
excellent   buy   very   powerful   dryer ,   worth   every   penny .
five   stars   this   was   a   gift   to   my   daughter .   she   loves   it !
five   stars   love   this   hair   dryer .   delivery   was   on   time   as   stated .   will   order   again   when   needed .
what   happened   to   quality   control   this   is   now   the   third   unit   in   the   last   4   months .   1   bought   as   a   replacement   for   a   2   year   old   unit   burned   up   in   just   a   few   days .   2   to   replace   1   lasted   about   2   weeks   we   are   now   working   on   3   lets   see   how   long   it   will   last .   although   i   like   the   convenience   of   a   wall   mounted   unit   if   this   one   burns   up   i   will   opt   for   money   back   and   try   another   brand .
great   product   temp   settings   size   weight   color   and   diffuser   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer   because   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   and   the   diffuser   works   great .   the   hair   dryer   temp   settings   plus   i   know   if   it   last   as   long   as   my   last   conair   hair   dryer   9   years   i   will   be   happy .   this   is   the   third   conair   hair   dryer   i   have   bought
three   stars   great   when   it   works   but   tends   to   overheat   and   shuts   down .
five   stars   ver   y   good   i   recomendet
no   problems   better   than   expected .   great   product ,   excellent   delivery .
love   it ! ! ! !   love   it !   make   my   hair   so   soft   and   shiny .
three   stars   wife   likes   it   but   it   looks   a   bit   cheap
five   stars   just   as   expected
five   stars   very   good   dryer   for   the   price .
love   it .   its   is   just   what   i   wanted .   love   it .
five   stars   great
this   hair   dryer   is   the   tits .   my   superhero   boyfriend   bought   this   for   me   for   christmas   and   picked   it   out   all   by   himself !   i   m   having   a   proud   girlfriend   moment   here .   anyways ... i   ve   never   had   an   expensive   hair   dryer ,   i   ve   always   used   a   hair   dryer   that   didn   t   cost   me   more   than   15   bucks   and   used   it   until   it   burst   into   flames .   never   again .   this   hair   dryer   is   the   most   amazing   thing   ever .   i   have   color   treated   and   extremely   damaged   hair .   never   has   my   hair   felt   so   silky   smooth   after   using   this   product .   it   s   much   quieter   than   my   previous   beast .   the   only   issue   i   have   is   that   its   heavier   than   what   i   was   used   too ,   which   isn   t   to   say   anything   negative   about   the   product ,   more   so   that   i   need   to   go   to   the   gym   more   often .   this   is   an   amazing   hair   dryer   and   i   absolutely   can   t   get   enough   of   it .   i   hope   this   was   useful .
five   stars   very   happy   with   the   hair   dryer ,   its   everything   i   hoped   for
the   only   one   i   ll   use   lasts   for   years .   this   is   my   second   one   and   when   this   one   dies ,   i   ll   replace   it   with   the   same   one .   cord   keeper   is   awesome   i   ll   never   go   back .   excellent   quality   blow   dryer   hot   and   dries   fast .
five   stars   great
a   great   deal !   great   product   for   the   money !
love   it   got   this   for   my   daughter   for   christmas .   it   has   great   power   and   dries   fast !
five   stars   really   good   in   use
good   product   but   heavy .   great   dryer ,   relatively   quite ,   but   heavy .
five   stars   wonderful   and   so   very   light
get   what   you   pay   for !   you   get   what   you   pay   for   with   this   item .   it   works   with   no   issue ,   but   has   very   minimal   power .   my   hair   is   average   thickness   and   shoulder   length   and   it   takes   about   ten   to   fifteen   minutes   to   dry .   it   s   also   not   particularly   hot .   it   does   get   the   job   done   though   which   is   why   i   m   giving   it   three   stars .   spend   a   few   extra   bucks   and   get   a   better   one .
five   stars   dries   fantastically   and   leaves   my   hair   shiny
good   job   great   medium   sized   dryer .   wont   kick   the   breakers .
i   have   had   4   of   these   and   love   them .   this   last   one   started   burning   up   in   ...   i   have   had   4   of   these   and   love   them .   this   last   one   started   burning   up   in   my   hand ! ! !   i   got   my   new   one   in   three   days ,   in   time   for   another   shampoo .   i   love   amazon ! !
four   stars   mini   but   works   good
great   buy ,   fast   shipping   use   it   daily ,   works   great   and   i   can   bring   it   anywhere   with   me !
five   stars   perfect   for   travel
she   does   she   liked   this   product   a   lot
after   having   it   only   2   weeks   the   low   blow   cycle   ...   after   having   it   only   2   weeks   the   low   blow   cycle   blew ... i   ll   continue   to   use   until   the   other   blows   but   i   won   t   buy   another .
had   the   style   features   i   wanted ,   but   it   broke   on   first   try   i   wanted   to   like   it ,   but   the   first   time   plugging   it   in   and   pressing   the   switch   up ,   i   heard   a   snap   and   the   switch   was   no   longer   workin .   sent   it   back .   br   br   gave   it   two   stars   for   the   benefit   of   the   doubt   sometimes   these   things   just   happen .   that ,   and   the   item   despite   being   lemon ,   it   felt   like   decent   quality ,   especially   for   the   price .   br   br   might   try   another   one   in   the   future ,   maybe   there   was   a   batch   batch .
i   feel   this   is   a   very   good   product .   it   is   a   bit   heavy   and   doesn   t   ...   i   feel   this   is   a   very   good   product .   it   is   a   bit   heavy   and   doesn   t   get   very   hot .   but   overall   it   does   a   great   job .
five   stars   love
great   value   though   wish   it   had   more   attachments .   great   value   though !
good   traveling   hairdryer   good , but   not   as   powerful   as   i   hoped .   the   size   is   great .
must   have   travel   dryer   this   dryer   is   excellent   for   being   so   small !   terrific   air   flow   heat   settings ,   not   heavy ,   great   quality ,   and   looks   high   end .   it   s   a   bit   noisy ,   but   that   doesn   t   matter   much .   loving   it ! !
burned   out   in   less   than   6   uses ! ! !   i   had   the   hair   dryer   stored   away   to   use   when   the   remodeling   was   done   in   my   bathroom   i   would   say   at   least   8   months .   i   did   not   even   use   it   6   times   and   it   just   died .   i   was   heart   broken .   had   i   known   i   would   not   have   stored   it   away ,   i   would   have   used   it   right   away .  
good   purchase   for   me   very   nice   unit .   heat   is   good   and   handles   great   while   using   to   dry   your   hair .   not   too   sure   about   the   shine   thing  
the   one   my   wife   had   to   have   when   she   broke   her   old   one   a   top   tier   home   hair   dryer .   it   has   all   the   features   more   heat ,   at   1875   watts   salon   quality   motor   up   to   40   more   air   flow   and   three   times   the   service   life   ceramic   pearl   technology   ceramics   for   even   heating ,   and   infused   with   crushed   pearls   which   transfer   to   hair   ionic   generator   to   bathe   hair   with   positive   ions   concentrator   and   diffuser   blower   attachments   three   heat   settings ,   two   fan   speeds ,   and   a   cool   shot   feature .   br   br   i   don   t   use   hair   dryers .   my   wife   does ,   and   when   she   broke   her   old   remington   t   studio ,   she   would   have   nothing   but   another   t   studio   as   a   replacement .   by   the   way ,   this   dryer   has   a   4   year   warranty ,   so   keep   your   receipt .   in   our   case ,   the   dryer   was   about   2   years   old   but   we   no   longer   had   the   receipt ,   and   the   breakage   was   due   to   her   dropping   it   and   the   fan   speed   switch   physically   broke   .   .   .   so   i   appropriated   the   old   dryer ,   wired   the   fan   speed   to   permanent   high   and   the   old   hair   dryer   now   resides   in   my   workbench   to   serve   as   my   hot   air   gun   when   i   need   one   .   br   br   not   cheap ,   but   a   very   high   end   dryer   and   worth   the   price   for   us .   by   the   way ,   the   amazon   price   was   by   far   the   best   we   could   find   at   the   time   we   bought   this   replacement .
very   nice   looking   blow   dryer   and   performs   great   too   very   nice   looking   blow   dryer   and   performs   great   too !   it   is   a   replacement   for   another   conair   that   i   bought   about   10   years   ago ..... i   highly   recommend   it   if   you   are   looking   for   an   inexpensive   ionic   blow   dryer !
danger !   danger !   both   of   my   daughters   have   had   this   dryer   and   both   of   the   dryers   melted   in   different   spots .   the   dryers   are   fairly   new   and   seem   to   be   quite   the   fire   hazard .   obviously   there   is   something   wrong   with   this   device   since   so   many   people   are   having   this   problem .   do   not   purchase   this   dryer !
just   what   i   was   looking   for !   perfect !
one   star   i   got   the   wrong   one
great   for   window   kits ,   and   also   for   hair   i   bought   this   in   order   to   smooth   out   the   wrinkles   of   the   3m   indoor   window   insulator   kit ,   and   it   worked   perfectly   for   that   purpose ,   especially   at   the   highest   setting   and   with   the   concentrator   nozzle   attachment .   it   did   not   get   super   hot   which   was   good   for   the   window   kit   ,   though   i   have   no   idea   if   that   s   good   or   bad   from   a   hair   drying   perspective .   i   could   have   bought   a   cheaper   hair   dryer ,   but   i   chose   this   one   because   it   is   tourmaline   ceramic ,   ionic ,   has   several   attachments ,   and   multiple   settings   including   a   cool   breeze   setting   all   with   the   idea   that   after   i   was   done   using   it   on   the   window   kit ,   i   could   provide   it   to   female   guests .   this   turned   out   to   be   a   good   idea ,   since   my   housemate   s   younger   sister   is   currently   visiting ,   and   she   was   happy   that   i   had   a   hair   dryer   for   her   to   use .   i   asked   for   her   opinion ,   and   she   says ,   34   it   s   great .   34   pressed   for   more   details ,   she   says ,   34   i   like   that   it   has   a   lot   of   different   settings .   34   as   it   turns   out ,   this   is   in   fact   the   first   hair   dryer   she   has   ever   used .   so   i   might   also   recommend   reading   some   of   the   other   reviews ...  
five   stars   love   it ! !
she   said   it   works   very   good .   she   likes   it   i   bought   for   my   wife .   br   my   wife   choose   this   one .   br   she   said   it   works   very   good .   br   she   likes   it .   br   but   little   heavy .
the   best !   buy   this   people .   very   strong !
the   dryer   itself   was   just   fine ,   just   that   damn   clear   coating   paint   looked   awful   ...   the   velvety   outer   coating   on   the   hairdryer   started   to   peel   off   after   about   three   weeks .   it   rubbed   off   around   the   handle   and   nozzle ,   flinging   bits   of   the   paint   or   whatever   that   was   into   my   hair   and   on   my   floor   one   day   i   tried   to   just   rub   all   of   it   off   but   it   just   made   a   bigger   mess .   br   br   the   dryer   itself   was   just   fine ,   just   that   damn   clear   coating   paint   looked   awful   and   got   all   over   the   place .   the   only   thing   i   can   liken   it   to   is   one   of   those   clear   facial   masks   that   you   can   peel   off .   i   ended   up   having   to   buy   a   new   hairdryer   a   month   after   buying   this   one .   br   br   buy   another   model .
i   loved   my   first   one   so   much   that   i   wore   it   ...   can   i   just   say   that   this   is   my   second   hair   dryer   by   remington   i   loved   my   first   one   so   much   that   i   wore   it   out !   a   one   to   many   drops   on   the   floor   after   a   few   years  
i   wouldn   t   recommend   it   for   this   hair   dryer   the   diffuser   works   well ... when   it   isn   t   falling   off   my   dryer .   i   just   bought   a   conair   276r   infiniti   pro   volume   dryer ,   and   the   diffuser   starts   to   pop   off   the   hair   dryer   once   the   unit   warms   up .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   it   for   this   hair   dryer ,   but   it   might   work   well   for   others .
five   stars   nice   work
four   stars   worth   it !
ok   but   not   great   works   well   so   far .   temp   not   as   warm   as   i   would   have   expected   compared   to   other   manufacturers   products   and   the   air   velocity   not   as   good   even   with   concentrator   but   acceptable .   4   not   5   stars .
five   stars   love   the   product !
five   stars   love   the   power   of   this !
good   dryer ,   high   heat !   best   ever .   we   have   owned   2 .
five   stars   working   out   well .
it   rewinds ! ! !   works   well ,   too .   it   rewinds   every   time !   has   the   usual   features ,   is   priced   well   and   except   for   the   purple   exotic   feature ,   it   blends   well   in   the   bathroom .
excellent   hair   dryer !   it   works   well   for   me .
three   stars   works   well   the   only   problem   is   the   tip   wont   stay   on
five   stars   super !
the   attachment   falls   off   very   easily .   product   came   quickly   but   not   sure   i   d   buy   it   again .   the   attachment   falls   off   very   easily .
not   good ,   couldn   t   remain   its   heat .   as   with   what   the   other   1   revers   state   this   is   not   a   good   device   at   all .   the   problem   i   had   with   it   however   was   not   issues   with   quality   of   the   overall   products   but   more   with   the   heat   element !   this   thing   couldn   t   heat   up   and   when   it   got   there   it   could   not   hold   its   temperature !   i   found   this   astounding   considering !   i   sent   this   back   on   got   this   babyliss   http   amzn . to   1fcegbh   it   is   of   much   higher   quality !
recommend   this   blow   dryer   is   generally   nice .   the   only   thing   that   i   do   not   like   is   that   it   does   not   have   temp .   and   speed   settings .   it   only   has   low   temp .   low   speed ,   medium   temp   medium   speed ,   and   high   temp .   high   speed .   you   cannot   change   these   corresponding   temp .   speed   settings .   other   than   this   i   like   the   wide   tooth   comb   attachment .   i   have   natural   hair   and   this   helps   me   detangle   and   stretch   all   of   my   hair .   it   works   pretty   great ,   came   on   time .   my   mom   is   buying   two   for   herself   and   my   sister .   i   would   recommend   this .
five   stars   great   price ,   standard   shipping ,   nice   product
and   this   one   is   just   as   good   as   mine   this   was   bought   for   my   daughter .   mine   is   about   7   years   old ,   and   this   one   is   just   as   good   as   mine .
five   stars   awesome ! !
some   people   described   this   as   being   very   light .   i   ...   some   people   described   this   as   being   very   light .   i   would   say   it   s   normal .   it   doesn   t   put   out   a   ton   of   air   and   it   doesn   t   feel   very   hot ,   but   it   somehow   gets   my   hair   dry   as   fast   as   my   old   hair   dryer ,   and   that   s   all   i   care   about .
five   stars   works   great !   im   pretty   picky   about   everything ,   but   i   d   buy   this   again   and   again !
it   has   a   cool   air   button   which   will   not   turn   off   now   this   is   my   first   t3   blow   dryer   and   my   last .   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   last   september   at   the   recommendation   of   my   sister .   paying   over   100   for   a   blow   dryer   is   a   lot   in   my   opinion   if   you   are   not   a   stylist .   it   has   a   cool   air   button   which   will   not   turn   off   now .   i   can   t   get   even   warm   air   to   blow   out   of   it .   and   by   the   way ,   my   sister   s   t3   blow   dryer   stopped   working   as   well .   not   worth   the   .
wife   and   daughter   love   it .   they   fight   over   it .   ha   wife   and   daughter   love   it .   they   fight   over   it .   ha
sturdy ,   nice   design   does   everything   a   hair   dryer   should   do .   sturdy ,   nice   design ,   powerful ,   and   totally   blows .   in   a   good   way .
i   can   t   use   it .   this   could   be   my   own   incorrect   expectations ,   but   when   they   say   it   diffuses   it   really   diffuses .   i   feel   like   i   m   not   getting   enough   heat   in   any   one   place   to   dry   my   hair ,   so   i   don   t   use   it   at   all .   it   s   well   made   and   clearly   does   what   it   says ,   but   since   it   s   effectively   useless   to   me   three   stars   is   the   most   i   can   do .
fabulous   dryer   xtava   blue   professional   hair   dryer   is   awesome .   i   have   used   it   several   times   this   week   and   i   am   super   thrilled   with   it .   the   heat   can   be   set   to   low ,   medium ,   or   high   depending   on   your   preference .   i   really   like   that .   because   when   the   weather   is   hot ,   i   don   t   always   want   to   feel   a   hot   breeze   in   my   face .   i   prefer   it   to   be   medium   or   else   i   start   sweating .   my   former   blow   dryer   only   had   the   hot   setting ,   so   this   is   a   great   advantage   for   me .   also   this   hair   dryer   is   great   because   it   has   a   cool   switch ,   a   button   you   can   press   to   get   a   quick   shot   of   cool   air   occasionally .   i   love   that   it   has   a   wind   controlling   cone   that   can   be   added   to   the   dryer   for   styling !   i   like   to   use   a   round   brush   to   make   the   ends   of   my   hair   curl   under   sometimes   while   blow   drying ...... but   i   don   t   want   my   hair   blowing   every   which   way   lol .   so   this   is   just   perfect .   i   really   truly   love   this   hair   dryer .   so   happy   with   it .   works   very   well .   runs   great .   makes   my   hair   look   beautiful .   mission   accomplished .   so   glad   i   got   to   try   this   in   exchange   for   a   review .
five   stars   works   well
new   favorite   pro   dryer   new   favorite   dryer   for   professional   use .   i   am   a   stylist   and   having   the   right   dryer   makes   all   the   difference .   this   things   blows   hard   and   gets   hot .   i   use   it   on   medium   heat   and   low   speed   and   still   cut   my   drying   time   in   half   with   gorgeous   results .   very   little   need   for   curling   iron   or   flat   irons   when   done .   time   saver ,   light   weight   and   i   even   like   the   diffuser  
she   love   it !   graduation   gift   for   my   niece .   she   loved   it .   especially   the   fact   that   the   cord   disappears   into   it .....
super   strong !   great !   my   son   loves   it ,   dries   quickly   and   is   very   strong !
perfect   for   the   bathroom   this   is   a   great   unit   to   organize   the   bathroom .   i   m   not   a   fan   of   stowing   the   hair   dryer   away   in   a   cabinet   or   drawer   and   taking   it   out   for   every   use   and   i   m   not   a   fan   of   having   it   sit   on   the   counter   all   of   the   time .   this   is   a   great   compromise .   the   unit   is   always   ready   to   use   and   it   doesn   t   take   up   space .   also ,   i   am   not   able   to   mount   this   in   studs ,   so   i   was   concerned   that   the   constant   off   and   on   might   loosen   this   unit   on   the   wall .   there   s   no   problem   with   that .   i   even   bought   an   extra   one   for   my   kids   bathroom   and   you   know   how   kids   can   be   rough .   both   units   are   fine   and   show   no   sign   of   loosening .   lastly ,   it   s   easy   to   install .   love   that   part .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
two   stars   it   is   ok
these   are   nice   hair   dryers   these   are   nice   hair   dryers .   i   bought   one   for   myself   and   one   for   my   husband   they   re   great .   every   time   a   guest   has   used   mine   they   comment   on   how   nice   it   is .   feels   like   your   at   the   salon .
five   stars   love   the   lightweight   design .   works   great
five   stars   working   perfect !
five   stars   awesome .
but   nowhere   as   good   as   when   it   was   first   purchased   ive   had   this   for   over   6   months ,   and   the   cable   retraction   is   not   working   as   well   because   the   cable   is   all   twisted   within   the   cable   if   that   makes   sense   .   still   retracts ,   but   nowhere   as   good   as   when   it   was   first   purchased .
five   stars   works   well ,   no   problems .
love   it !   i   love   this   dryer !   i   like   that   it   has   multiple   heat   and   speed   settings .   it   s   very   light .
five   stars   exactly   as   described   and   quick   delivery .
worked   for   me   worked   okay   for   my   application .   i   have   no   hair   so   i   can   t   speak   to   the   effectiveness   of   this   unit   when   used   for   it   s   intended   purpose .   i   bought   it   to   dry   parts .   o  
lots   of   power   works   fast !   this   thing   has   lots   of   power   works   so   fast ,   and   seems   to   do   so   without   damaging   the   hair ...   i   was   wavering   between   this   dryer   and   another   that   was   a   bit   cheaper .   but   was   glad   that   i   chose   this   one ,   as   it   s   the   most   satisfying   hair   dryer   i   ve   used   at   home   thus   far .   br   br   my   only   issue   with   it   is   that   the   sliding   switches   are   annoying   to   use ,   as   they   are   very   stiff .   wish   that   this   awesome   product   came   with   easier   to   maneuver   switches ....   maybe   next   time ,   in   the   redesign ,   it   will  
great !   great !   everything   i   expected   from   conair .   more   than   enough   heat   for   my   thick   curly   hair .   love   it !
three   stars   except   not   drying   at   back   of   head   well   it   is   very   satisfactory
the   brush   on   this   is   like   a   baby   s   brush   it   did   not   brush   through   my   ...   the   brush   on   this   is   like   a   baby   s   brush   it   did   not   brush   through   my   hair .   terrible   don   t   waste   your   time   buying .   price   is   great   but   brush   isn   t
amazing   dry   time   with   this   dryer !   when   i   plugged   in   this   dryer   and   used   it   the   first   time ,   i   was   absolutely   amazed   with   how   quickly   it   dried   my   hair ,   how   well   it   straightened   my   naturally   wavy   hair ,   and   how   much   shinier   and   healthier   it   made   my   hair   look   when   i   was   done   too !   br   br   it   took   me   about   4   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   with   my   xtava   hair   dryer ,   which   is   amazing   for   me !   my   hair   is   super   long   and   super   thick   and   usually   takes   7   minutes   at   the   fastest ,   especially   when   my   hair   is   still   pretty   wet   because   i   pretty   much   just   got   out   of   the   shower .   i   was   absolutely   stunned   by   the   drying   time .   in   fact ,   it   dried   my   hair   faster   than   my   much   more   expensive   dryer   i   ve   been   using   for   the   last   few   years .   br   br   i   used   it   on   the   highest   heat   setting   and   and   speed   setting .   you   can   dry   it   slower   if   you   like ,   but   i   read   somewhere   awhile   back   that   it   s   better   to   dry   on   a   higher   speed   and   higher   temp ,   and   get   the   heat   off   your   hair   as   quickly   as   possible ,   so   thats   just   how   i   ve   always   dried   my   hair .   plus   i   m   usually   in   a   big   hurry   so   this   works   best   for   me .   br   br   once   dried ,   i   then   blasted   my   hair   with   the   cool   setting ,   which   worked   really   great   and   really   made   my   hair   less   frizzy   and   gave   it   instant   shine   and   made   it   look   healthier   too !   br   br   while   using   this   dryer   the   last   week ,   i   have   also   noticed   my   hair   has   been   much   less   frizzier   too ,   especially   for   this   time   of   year !   it   s   so   cold   and   dry   here ,   my   hair   usually   goes   poof !   as   soon   as   i   walk   out   the   door ,   but   my   hair   has   been   surprisingly   tame   this   week ,   i   think   in   thanks   to   my   new   xtava   blowdryer !   br   br   i   also   love   that   this   hair   dryer   comes   with   a   customized   concentration   nozzle   so   i   can   deliver   lots   of   heat   to   one   specific   area .   i   didn   t   always   dry   my   hair   this   way   until   recently ,   but   i   ve   found   it   really   dries   your   hair   so   much   faster !   br   br   this   hair   dryer   is   also   quite   noticeably   lightweight !   i   was   surprised   when   i   picked   it   up   when   i   first   opened   the   package .   i   love   that   you   can   hold   it   on   your   hair   for   several   minutes   and   never   get   that   tired ,   dead   arm ,   from   holding   a   heavy   blowdryer !   br   br   my   only   complaint   about   this   dryer   is   i   wish   the   cord   was   a   little   bit   longer ,   but   that   s   just   because   i   move   around   the   bathroom   a   lot   doing   stuff   while   drying   my   hair   because   i   have   add   in   the   bathroom   and   can   t   sit   still   just   doing   my   hair !   otherwise ,   it   has   perfect   reach   for   standing   in   front   of   the   mirror   and   bending   over   to   blast   underneath   your   hair !   br   br   i   m   completely   obsessed   with   this   blowdryer ,   especially   since   it   will   only   cost   you   29   on   amazon ,   and   completely   rivals   the   uber   expensive   hair   dryers   on   the   market !   and   actually   in   my   opinion ,   it   s   better   than   my   super   expensive   dryer ,   because   it   dries   my   hair   in   nearly   half   the   time !   absolutely   amazing !   br   br   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer   to   everyone .   seriously   ladies ,   stop   wasting   the   big   bucks   on   expensive   hair   dryers ,   this   xtava   rimini   1500w   iconic   hair   dryer   will   get   the   job   done   faster ,   and   will   leave   your   hair   straighter ,   and   feeling   much   healthier ,   and   looking   much   shinier   too !   i   m   completely   impressed   with   this   hair   dryer   and   will   be   using   it   for   many   years   to   come ! r   get   that   tired ,   dead   arm ,   from   holding   a   heavy   blowdryer !   br   br   my   only   complaint   about   this   dryer   is   i   wish   the   cord   was   a   little   bit   longer ,   but   that   s   just   because   i   move   around   the   bathroom   a   lot   doing   stuff   while   drying   my   hair   because   i   have   add   in   the   bathroom   and   can   t   sit   still   just   doing   my   hair !   otherwise ,   it   has   perfect   reach   for   standing   in   front   of   the   mirror   and   bending   over   to   blast   underneath   your   hair !   br   br   i   m   completely   obsessed   with   this   blowdryer ,   especially   since   it   will   only   cost   you   29   on   amazon ,   and   completely   rivals   the   uber   expensive   hair   dryers   on   the   market !   and   actually   in   my   opinion ,   it   s   better   than   my   super   expensive   dryer ,   because   it   dries   my   hair   in   nearly   half   the   time !   absolutely   amazing !   br   br   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer   to   everyone .   seriously   ladies ,   stop   wasting   the   big   bucks   on   expensive   hair   dryers ,   this   xtava   rimini   1500w   iconic   hair   dryer   will   get   the   job   done   faster ,   and   will   leave   your   hair   straighter ,   and   feeling   much   healthier ,   and   looking   much   shinier   too !   i   m   completely   impressed   with   this   hair   dryer   and   will   be   using   it   for   many   years   to   come !
five   stars   love   it ! !
five   stars   dryes   hair   superfast !
my   wife   is   very   satisfied   with   the   gift   that   was   purchased   for   christmas   my   wife   is   very   satisfied   with   the   gift   that   was   purchased   for   christmas .   when   she   is   happy   i   am   happy   and   that   is   speaks   volumes   for   the   product .
five   stars   loved   the   products   and   very   pleased   with   the   quick   delivery .
after   three   failures   we   re   done   purchasing .   we   have   purchased   three   of   these   and   they   do   not   last .   this   last   purchased   lasted   7   months .   will   not   purchase   this   item   again .
five   stars   love   it .
like   many   other   of   the   commenters   like   many   other   of   the   commenters ,   my   conair   hair   dryer   quit   working   after   3   months .   good   luck   with   customer   service .   they   ll   look   at   it   but   require   you   to   pay   freight   both   ways .   20   in   freight   for   a   17   blower !   doesn   t   sound   like   a   company   that   is   serious   about   finding   problems   so   that   they   can   improve   their   future   products .
amazing !   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   at   my   local   sally   beauty   supply ,   and   i   absolutely   love   it !   i   have   very   wavy   curly   hair ,   and   this   dryer   got   my   hair   straight   in   no   time !   i   will   never   use   another   hair   dryer !   try   it   out !   you   won   t   regret   it !
so   far ,   so   good   i   bought   this   for   my   niece   for   christmas .   i   have   heard   no   complaints   so   far .   shipping   was   fast .
not   a   bargain   here ...   i   just   bought   this   today   at   walgreens   drug   store   for   24.99 ,   and   this   was   not   a   sale   price .   sorry ,   amazon ,   i   think   consumers   should   be   advised   to   check   prices .   i   bought   this   after   reading   reviews   on   amazon ,   haven   t   used   it   yet ,   but   it   looks   good ,   light   and   easy   to   hold ,   and   i   like   the   hang   up   loop   .   i   will   update   my   review   after   i   use   the   dryer .
great   for   travel .   great   for   traveling   overseas .   it   folds   great   into   luggage .   just   remember   to   switch   it   to   currency   when   overseas .
four   stars   works   good
five   stars   excellent   buy !   dries   hair   quickly   and   quietly !
five   stars   my   wife   loves   it !
cute   hair   dryer   love   this   little   hair   dryer !   it   s   small ,   but   definitely   powerful   enough .
great   bargain   hairdryer   works   great ,   low   price ,   arrived   promptly .   the   speed   settings   were   just   right ,   in   terms   of   low   speed   getting   air   through   my   hair   without   blowing   it   around   too   much   and   high   speed   giving   a   good   blast .   the   high   low   temp   worked   well   also .
three   stars   the   bonnet   is   not   big   enought   for   big   roller
beware   of   electrical   issues   on   the   t3   i   would   definitely   not   recommend   purchasing   this   product   as   it   is   a   safety   hazard .   i   had   an   issue   with   the   dryer   sparking   and   smoking   at   the   electrical   outlet   and   had   to   get   rid   of   it .   the   circuit   protector   never   worked   properly   to   warn   of   an   electrical   problem .   i   see   where   this   has   been   an   issue   for   others   and   believe   bespoke   should   recall   the   t3   before   they   get   sued   for   the   outbreak   of   a   fire .
easy   to   install   easy   to   install ,   just   not   what   i   thought .   you   would   need   to   mount   it   right   that   head   level ,   but   i   didnt   like   how   much   less   control   i   had .   i   ll   stick   to   taping   my   dryer   to   my   counter .
awesome   look ,   good   hairdryer   awesome   look ,   good   hairdryer
heavy   and   not   that   great   this   hairdryer   is   very   heavy   and   difficult   to   hold   with   one   hand .   i   didn   t   notice   anything   special   about   the   way   it   dries   my   hair .   other ,   cheaper   hairdryers   work   just   as   well   or   better .
good   quality .   the   most   light   hairdryer   i   ever   had .   good   quality .
ok   cord   doesn   t   retract   very   well
two   stars   it   doesn   t   blow   as   hard   as   i   wanted   it   to .   but   will   do .
four   stars   working   very   well   for   more   than   2   years
quiet ! ! ! !   bought   it   for   my   wife   because   her   cheap   hairdryer   was   extremely   loud   and   woke   me   up .   this   one   is   awesome .   super   quiet   and   she   loves   it .   it   is   quiet   enough   that   we   can   actually   talk   while   she   drys   her   hair .   that   would   never   have   happened   with   the   old   dryer .   she   says   it   takes   about   5   minutes   longer   to   dry   her   hair ,   but   that   is   because   she   only   uses   it   on   medium   heat .   high   heat   is   very   hot   and   she   is   afraid   it   will   hurt   her   hair .
great   dryer   excellent   dryer ,   light   weight   and   drys   hair   quickly .   speed   and   heat   can   be   varied   to   suit   whoever   is   using   it .   br   the   only   con   is   the   plug   does   not   fit   snuggly   in   the   wall   outlet ,   it   s   a   but   lose ,   but   that   said   it   stays   in !   i   would   definitely   buy   it   again .
mighty   little   guy !   perfect   travel   hair   dryer   for   overseas !
five   stars   good   dryer ! !
decent   hair   dryer   good   hair   dryer   cool ,   warm   and   hot   settings ,   plus   a   cool   button .   i   liked   the   sparkly   finish .   my   only   complaint   is   that   it   is   kind   of   big   and   hard   to   store .   fairly   priced .
one   star   cord   has   unmovable   stop   on   it .   space   is   limited   and   i   needed   the   cord   to   retact   into   handle   completely .
five   stars   works   100   times   better   than   the   old   hair   dryer .   i   d   definitely   suggest   it .
i   like   conair   definitely   never   lets   me   down ... i   like   it
like   hair   dryer   ok   like   hair   dryer   ok ,   my   husband   found   it   frustrating   to   install ,   strength   of   air   flow   needs   to   be   a   little   harder .
four   stars   very   powerful   and   comes   with   great   accessories   and   a   carry   bag !
dryers   my   wife   does   hair   and   her   old   dryer   went   out .   saw   these   and   bought   2 .   omg   clients   do   not   sit   under   the   dryer   long   at   all .   will   be   buying   another   one   soon .
amazing   performance   in   a   very   small   package   wow .   this   thing   is   great !   br   br   no ,   it   s   not   as   powerful   or   capable   as   a   34   full   sized   34   dryer .   but ,   what   do   you   expect   from   something   that   literally   fits   in   the   palm   of   your   hand   i ,   myself ,   expect   a   lot   less   than   this   dryer   delivers .   br   br   unlike   a   lot   of   travel   hair   dryers ,   this   one   locates   the   fan   at   the   back   of   the   barrel   and   has   some   barrel   length   to   it .   this   lines   the   airflow   up   giving   a   useful   stream   of   air   instead   of   the   every   which   way   mess   of   air   that   most   travel   dryers   produce .   it   s   not   as   directional   as   a   full   sized   dryer   with   a   longer   barrel ,   but   it   s   better   than   most   travel   dryers .   br   br   one   reviewer   reported   that   the   controls   are   not   labeled .   this   is   not   true   on   the   dryer   i   received .   the   low   off   high   switch   and   the   voltage   selector   are   clearly   marked .   br   br   several   reviewers   have   complained   of   it   making   a   very   high   pitched   motor   noise ,   getting   very   hot ,   smelling   bad ,   and   then   dying .   the   unit   is   shipped   set   for   125v   usa   power .   while   it   is   true   that   many   modern   electronic   devices   have   34   auto   ranging   34   or   34   universal   34   ac   inputs   and   work   properly   on   any   line   voltage   anywhere ,   this   little   hairdryer   isn   t   one   of   them .   if   you   plug   this   dryer   into   250v   european   power   without   manually   changing   the   voltage   selector   switch   to   the   250v   setting ,   the   dryer   will   quickly   fail   exactly   as   described .   and   that   will   be   your   fault ,   misuse ,   and   not   cause   for   a   poor   review .   br   br   mine   has   worked   fine .   it   drys   my   hair   almost   as   fast   as   my   34   professional   34   dryer   at   home .   its   size ,   weight ,   and   performance   make   this   an   easy   choice   for   travel .
three   stars   kind   of   weak
four   stars   did   not   expect   much   from   such   a   cheap   blow   dryer ,   but   this   definitely   exceeded   my   expectations !
great   hair   dryer .   the   best   compact   hair   dryer   i   ever   own ,   great   for   vacation   travel .
it   s   really   good   i   love   it !   heats   up   nice   it   isn   t   to   heavy   the   only   down   side   is   that   by   the   switches   i   have   a   little   gap   and   on   the   other   side   you   can   see   glue   holding   it   together .   also   the   item   i   was   sent   was   clearly   a   return   the   box   was   open   and   nothing   was   in   a   plastic   bag .   so   far   so   good   but   i   really   hope   it   holds   up
an   amazing   product ... tames   wild   beastly   hair   into   notice   worthy   hair .   actually   worth   the   money !   i   ve   always   been   skeptical   about   new ,   amazing ,   breakthrough   technology   in   beauty   products .   i   certainly   believe   there   are   different   levels   of   quality   and   also   that   one   product   may   perform   better   or   worse   on   different   people .   so   i   was   hoping   this   dryer   would   make   a   difference ,   while   being   prepared   for   less   than   spectactular   results .   so   drum   roll   please ... i   personally   thought   my   hair   looked   silkier ,   shinier   and   it   did   dry   noticeably   faster ,   but   the   shocker   was   that   other   people   really   noticed   the   difference !   br   my   adult   daughters   to   whom   i   am   often   apparently   invisible ,   both   asked   me   individually   and   on   seperate   occassions   if   i   had   just   had   my   hair   done ,   and   what   had   i   done   differently   etc .   ironically ,   the   evening   that   i   had   in   fact   come   straight   from   the   salon   and   prior   to   using   this   product   warranted   no   notice .   i   ve   had   others   compliment   my   hair   as   well .   i   m   giving   more   weight   to   those   who   see   me   all   the   time   and   tend   not   to   use   flattery   to   judge   that   there   was   a   very   noticable   difference .   br   the   other   thing   worth   mentioning   is   that   in   my   youth   my   hair   was   one   of   my   best   assests   in   terms   of   appearance .   for   the   past   10   years   or   so ,   its   become   a   definite   liability .   i   joke   that   it   s   a   fire   hazard   and   i   m   not   allowed   near   open   flame   as   it   is   so   dry   and   so   covered   in   product   that   its   quite   flammable .   i   put   a   fair   bit   of   effort   into   getting   it   to   be   healthier   and   less   frizzy   and   i   ve   actually   had   people   ask   me   if   i   ve   ever   tried   a   really   good   conditioner   or   anti   frizz   product .   after   what   i   hope   is   a   chilling   gaze   i   let   them   know   i   do   believe   i   have   tried   nearly   all   conditioners   styling   products .   so   it   is   a   rare   thing   indeed   for   me   to   rave   about   a   hair   product   or   in   this   case   hair   dryer   and   i   must   give   it   a   rave   review !   br   if   you   possess   beautiful ,   soft ,   smooth   heathly   hair   this   may   not   be   worth   the   money ,   but   if   like   me   you   color   frequently   and   have   those   weird   coarse   alien   hairs   springing   up   randomly   then   i   would   say   go   for   it !
good   one .   very   fast   and   rightly   hot .   makes   a   bit   of   noise   and   heavier   than   usual .   but   i   still   like   it ,   for   its   looks   and   quality ,
i   love   this   hairdryer   i   love   this   hairdryer .   i   really   like   the   retractable   handle   and   the   quietness   of   the   dryer .   my   old   dryer   was   much   louder .
enjoy   the   settings   for   heat   and   power   enjoy   the   settings   for   heat   and   power .   very   sturdy .   i   have   dropped   it   and   the   rubbery   plastic   is   unscathed .   it   is   a   bit   heavier   than   others ,   but   it   seems   well   made
five   stars   nice
drys   thick   hair   super   fast   perfect ,   drys   my   very   thick   and   wavy   hair   super   fast   and   for   the   first   time   ever   i   don   t   need   a   straightener   afterwards   to   smooth   it   out .   i   do   wish   it   came   with   a   diffuser   though .
pretty   good   dryer   pretty   good   dryer .   my   only   wish   is   that   it   blew   a   bit   hotter   on   the   max   heat   setting .   it   s   very   powerful   however .
i   luv   this   product ..   it   s   not   only   attractive   ...   i   luv   this   product ..   it   s   not   only   attractive   but   it   does   what   it   said .   makes   my   hair   soft   shinny .
four   stars   it   definitely   gets   hot .   somewhat   loud   though .
i   wanted   one   that   blows   hard   and   i   could   control   ...   i   wanted   one   that   blows   hard   and   i   could   control   the   temperature   too .. this   one   works   and   the   price   was   fair .
five   stars   lots   of   power   in   this   little   dryer
disappointing .   i   ve   had   it   for   7   months   and   it   s   all   but   dead .   makes   funny   noises ,   smells   like   burning ,   changes   strength .   i   ve   kept   hairdryers   for   years   and   years   before   this   one   and   have   never   had   this   problem .   i   feel   like   i   m   going   to   be   electrocuted !
i   do   wish   the   high   off   low   switch   were   more   like   a   high   low   off   switch   since   i   accidentally   push   it   too   ...   does   what   it   says   on   the   tin !   a   simple ,   inexpensive   hairdryer .   i   do   wish   the   34   high   off   low   34   switch   were   more   like   a   34   high   low   off   34   switch   since   i   accidentally   push   it   too   far   every   time   i   use   it .   but   it   was   a   minor   concern   and   it   s   not   as   if   i   ll   accidentally   leave   it   on .   just   a   minor   inconvenience .
best   hair   dryer   ever .   best   dryer   ever .   br   i   am   able   to   dry   my   medium   length ,   thin   hair   in   5   minutes .   not   too   hot   and   the   cold   shot   works   great   for   setting   your   style .   i   m   on   my   2nd   one   of   these   in   3   years   i   travel   with   this   dryer   so   it   gets   beat   up ,   but   has   outlasted   every   other   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .
five   stars   i   got   this   for   my   mom   and   she   loved   it
one   star   it   only   worked   for   6   weeks .
great   dryer !   discovered   this   little   gem   in   a   hotel   in   nyc .   dries   hair   without   leaving   frizz   or   fly   aways .   folding   handle   makes   it   convenient   for   storing   and   travel .
made   my   daughter   very   happy !   great   hair   dryer ! ! !
fantastic !   best   one   i   ever   had !
i   what   a   waste   of   money   i   used   this   dryer   only   a   couple   of   times .   then   when   i   turned   it   on   it   made   a   strange   humming   noise ,   started   smoking ,   and   there   were   flames   firing   up   inside   the   unit .   yikes !   i   what   a   waste   of   money .
a   great   price !   my   hair   feels   amazing   after   it   dries   my   hair   fast   and   i   have   thick   hair .   it   s   light   weight .   a   great   price !   my   hair   feels   amazing   after .
purchased   as   a   gift   for   my   roommate .   she   likes   ...   purchased   as   a   gift   for   my   roommate .   she   likes   it .   it   is   quiet ,   not   too   heavy ,   dries   quickly .   she   stated   that   it   was   a   bit   large ,   but   she   was   previously   using   a   travel   size   as   her   everyday   dryer .
gotta   have   this   one !   it   s   hard   to   believe   a   hair   dryer   could   make   a   big   difference   but   this   one   absolutely   does .   i   m   sooo   thrilled   with   it !   my   kinky   curly   fine   thin   hair   has   dried   much   faster   than   usual   even   though   it   s   the   same   wattage   as   my   previous   dryer   and   so   smooth ,   soft ,   shiny   and   healthy   looking   getting   that   without   a   flat   iron   also   means   that   it   gets   to   stay   fluffier   looking   instead   of   flat   and   stringy   .   i   found   it   cheaper   at   walmart ,   but   it   says   it   s   a   limited   edition   so   if   you   can   t   get   it   there ,   get   it   here .   but   get   it   it   s   great !   br   br   one   thing   i   have   to   have   on   my   driers   is   separate   controls   for   the   heat   and   for   the   air   this   does   and   it   has   the   cool   shot   button   as   well .   the   really   nice   thing   if   you   use   the   end   attachment   that   condenses   the   direction   of   the   air   flow ,   is   that   this   dryer   has   a   round   end   not   oval   so   you   can   turn   the   attachment   when   you   need   to   instead   of   holding   your   arm   wrist   in   awkward   positions   to   blow   at   a   certain   angle .   yes !   br   br   what   this   amazon   site   does   not   show   you   is   all   the   info   on   the   side   of   the   box ,   so   i   ll   take   a   minute   and   copy   it   down   here   for   you .   br   br   micro   conditioners   get   smoother ,   healthier   hair .   say   good   bye   to   heat   damage   and   say   hello   to   an   enhanced   healthy   shine !   this   specially   designed   dryer   features   a   grill   that   is   infused   with   microscopic   conditioners .   these   micro   conditioners   release   into   the   dryer   air   flow ,   and   are   transferred   to   your   hair ,   helping   to   prevent   damage   and   increase   shine   and   hair   health .   br   br   ionic   technology   negative   ions   are   activated   by   the   heat   of   the   dryer   to   heal   heat   damaged   hair   as   you   style .   the   ions   reduce   drying   time   and   infuse   vital   moisture   into   the   hair ,   resulting   in   reduced   frizz   and   static .   br   br   ceramic   technology   infrared   heat   is   produced   by   the   ceramic   coated   grill   to   help   prevent   damage   to   the   hair   and   allows   for   faster   drying   time .   br   br   tourmaline   technology   this   semiprecious   gemstone   works   in   conjunction   with   the   ceramic   technology   of   this   dryer ,   producing   far   infrared   energy   which   protects   the   hair   cuticle   from   over   heating ,   preventing   brittleness   and   cracking .   br   br   what   else   do   you   need   to   know   it   honestly   does   what   it   says   and   i   love   it !   get   one   while   you   can ! gy   of   this   dryer ,   producing   far   infrared   energy   which   protects   the   hair   cuticle   from   over   heating ,   preventing   brittleness   and   cracking .   br   br   what   else   do   you   need   to   know   it   honestly   does   what   it   says   and   i   love   it !   get   one   while   you   can !
five   stars   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .
five   stars   perfect   for   me ,   i   love   it
four   stars   it   is   sturdy   and   works   as   described .
five   stars   works   great ,   also   love   the   heat   settings   and   the   rubberized   finish .
my   wife   loves   it .   relatively   quite .   wish   it   had   a   retractable   cord .
five   stars   its   a   great   hair   dryer .
not   good   has   no   power   like   my   old   one ..   would   not   purchase   again .
works   well   enough ,   and   hot   enough   to   use   for   installing   phone   tablet   skins   use   it   as   a   cheap   heat   gun   for   installing   skins   and   such   on   tablets   and   phones .   works   well   enough .
one   star   way   to   loud ,   and   it   takes   a   long   time   for   your   hair   to   dry .
works   great   girls   love   it   but   the   lid   is   a   bit   fragile
nice   dryer .   the   setting   selection   switch   on   the   dryer   ...   nice   dryer .   the   setting   selection   switch   on   the   dryer   could   be   easier   to   minipulate   but   other   than   that ,   no   complaints .
four   stars   great   dryer !
satisfied   excellent
three   stars   my   hair   still   stays   frizzy   but   it   does   dry   a   bit   faster .
nice   blow   dryer .   plenty   of   both   air   and   heat .
otherwise   it   would   be   a   great   hair   dryer   really   hard   to   turn   on   the   switches .   otherwise   it   would   be   a   great   hair   dryer .
better   than   the   one   i   use   usually   at   petit ,   cute ,   powerful !   better   than   the   one   i   use   usually   at   home
five   stars   works   better   than   the   large   one   i   have   and   is   so   small
broke   in   6   months   i   have   had   this   blow   dryer   for   6   months .   the   first   five   months   it   worked   great   then   all   of   a   sudden   it   fell   apart .   the   blow   dryer   started   over   heating   and   then   it   would   shut   off   then   the   attachment   wouldnt   stay   on   anymore   and   the   comb   broke   into   pieces .   i   have   bought   new   comb   attachment   pieces   because   i   dont   feel   like   buying   an   entire   new   blow   dryer .
did   not   dissappoint !   i   was   looking   for   a   wall   mount   dryer   similar   to   my   sunbeam   that   i   have   had   for   years .   this   one   was   similar   in   size   and   has   a   few   more   features .   the   cord   storage   is   wonderful   as   is   the   extra   wattage .   the   handle   is   more   comfortable   than   my   old   one   also .   would   definitely   buy   again .
five   stars   excellent   hair   dryer .   love   it
the   speed   and   heat   settings   being   separate   are   nice .   the   anti   static   seems   to   work   the   speed   and   heat   settings   being   separate   are   nice .   the   anti   static   seems   to   work ,   compared   with   my   8   year   old   dryer   my   hair   doesn   t   frizz   up   as   much .
five   stars   perfect   goods   recommend   it .
i   hate   this   dryer   my   previous   remington   dryer   which   i   loved   died   after   a   few   years ,   so   it   was   time   for   a   new   one .   the   good   reviews   seemed   legit   for   this   one   i   have   the   matching   remington   pearl   straightener ,   so   i   went   for   it .   backround   i   have   long ,   thick ,   wavy ,   blonde   hair   that   i   wash   straighten   every   3   days   or   so .   pros   i   like   the   looks   of   this   dryer   it   dries   my   hair .   other   than   that ,   this   dryer   is   horrible !   cons   it   is   the   heaviest   dryer   i   have   ever   owned ,   the   buttons   are   so   awkwardly   placed   that   it   is   difficult   to   get   a   good   grip   w   out   changing   a   setting ,   it   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   my   hair   much   longer   than   my   last   few   dryers   .   br   br   why   did   so   many   people   rave   about   this   i   don   t   get   it .   i   would   return   this   if   i   could ,   but   i   already   demolished   the   box .   booooo !
two   stars   too   hard   to   handle
one   star   burning   smell   had   to   return   it   after   use
four   stars   works   perfectly   as   described
this   is   a   great   little   hairdryer   this   is   a   great   little   hairdryer !   nice   for   traveling ,   but   i   use   mine   everyday .   it   dries   my   hair   very   fast ,   and   its   so   lightweight .
five   stars   it   s   nice   but   kind   a   heavy   when   u   need   to   blow   dry   you   hair   your   hand   will   hurt
it   s   a   great   product ! ! !   i   ve   wasted   my   money   on   several   hair   dryers   that   didn   t   measure   up   because   the   bonnets   never   fit   tightly .   they   wouldn   t   stay   on   my   head   properly ,   the   heat   would   seep   out   and   took   hours   to   dry   my   short   hair .   now ,   with   this   dryer ,   these   problems   are   solved ! ! !   it   has   a   nice   snug   fit   with   the   drawstring   attachment ,   the   heat   stays   in   and   my   hair   is   dry   in   no   time !   i   love   it .   i   gave   it   4   stars   instead   of   5   because   i   wish   the   hose   was   longer .   other   than   that ,   it   s   a   great   product !
i   love   this   dryer   i   love   this   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   so   much   faster   than   my   old   dryer .   it   leaves   my   hair   soft   and   shiny .
best   hair   dryer   ever !   this   is   an   amazing   professional   hair   dryer ! ! !   i   brought   this   dryer   for   my   sister   as   a   christmas   present   2014   and   she   was   overjoyed ! ! !
five   stars   excellent
very   disappointed .   i   will   be   returning   the   bonnet   is   very   tight   on   my   head .   there   seems   to   be   no   way   to   adjust .   very   disappointed .   i   will   be   returning .
good   value   lots   of   power .
the   heat   and   air   circulation   are   great .   temperature   and   timer   controls   are   simple   and   easy   ...   i   am   a   former   hair   dresser   of   the   60   s   and   70   s   . all   hair   services   were   done   with   roller   sets   and   a   time   under   a   hair   dryer . so   i   feel   qualified   to   rate   this   dryer .   it   rocks !   the   heat   and   air   circulation   are   great .   temperature   and   timer   controls   are   simple   and   easy   to   use .   the   hood   has   a   clear   lift   up   portion   on   the   hood   front   that   allows   easy   access   to   the   dryer .   best   of   all , its   quiet .   instructions   for   assembly   are   very   vague .   just   use   your   common   sense   and   look   at   the   pictures   and   you   ll   figure   it   out .   i   had   mine   together   and   running   in   about   15   minutes .   for   the   money   i   don   t   think   you   could   go   wrong .   the   only   thing   i   would   change   is   the   plastic   legs .   but   what   isn   t   plastic   these   days   good   buy .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer
frizz   free   i   love   how   quiet   this   blow   dryer   is .   it   has   a   comfortable   grip   on   it   and   does   a   beautiful   job   of   drying   my   hair   without   any   frizz .
five   stars   i   m   really   satisfied   with   this   purchase ,   and   i   totally   recommend   it
two   stars   makes   a   noise   like   its   broke
it   s   ok   nothing   to   get   excited   about .   it   works   well   and   i   like   the   cool   temperature   setting .   the   cord   is   much   shorter   than   the   hair   dryer   i   had   to   replace .
just   okay   .   .   .   i   have   this   for   awhile   now   and   it   get   s   the   job   done   after   a   long   while   of   blow   drying .   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   it   supposed   to   and   blows   cool   air   when   on   hot .   the   colors   are   great   and   it   is   light   weight   but   if   you   have   thick   hair   i   would   recommend   spending   the   extra   money   to   get   a   better   hair   dryer .
delete   from   cart ! !   unusable   ....   bought   for   mom   to   use   to   dry   hair   in   rollers .   the   bonnet   and   closure   is   so   tight   and   small   there   is   no   way   to   get   it   on   or   use   it ,   even   with   small   rollers   and   a   small   head !
i   liked   it ,   it   was   a   present   to   my   son   in   ...   i   liked   it ,   it   was   a   present   to   my   son   in   law .   he   was   happy   to   receive   it ,   but   i   don   t   have   any   feedback   yet .   they   are   out   of   state   for   visit .
basic ,   foldable   and   works   basic   hairdryer   that   folds .   it   doesn   t   seem   like   it   is   strong ,   but   dries   our   long   hair   fast .   downside   is   that   our   hair   gets   sucked   into   it   and   that   isn   t   fun !   need   a   better   guard   on   it ,   but   hey   for   the   price   i   just   hope   it   lasts   longer   than   our   last   one   br   update   br   don   t   bother   buying   this   brand .   we   bought   2   of   them   and   they   both   died   within   a   couple   weeks   of   each   other .   i   wish   someone   made   something   that   lasted   longer   than   6   months !   i   know   it   wasn   t   much   money ,   but   they   shouldn   t   build   them   to   fail   in   such   a   short   time !
five   stars   as   advertised !
ok   but   not   great   blowdryer   adequate ,   not   too   loud ,   but   only   two   temps   and   two   speeds .   since   i   knew   the   specs   before   i   purchased ,   i   wasn   t   surprised ,   but   i   did   expect   the   34   hot   34   setting   to   be   warmer .   the   34   warm   34   is   barely   above   cool .
small   yet   powerful ,   almost   perfect ....   it   is   small ,   powerful   and   came   with   a   carrying   case   so   very   useful   for   traveling .   it   is   dual   voltage   rated   so   easy   to   use   in   usa   or   abroad .   i   wish   it   came   with   plug   adopter   that   are   compatible   with   the   pin   arrangements   in   foreign   countries .   for   example ,   i   travelled   to   dubai   and   india ,   there   they   have   three   round   pin   plugs .   without   an   adopter ,   you   can   not   plug   in   this   unit   directly   into   the   wall   receptacle .   that   can   become   a   major   problem .
amazing   hair   dryer   amazing   hair   dryer !   my   mom   bought   me   this   dryer   when   i   was   12   im   24   now   it   still   works   i   bought   this   one   for   my   mom   and   its   the   same   quality   and   works   amazing ,   trust   me   when   i   say   this   is   the   best   investment   you   could   possibly   make ! ! !
four   stars   loved   this   product
disappointed   it   s   hard   for   me   to   believe   this   is   an   ionic   conditioning   hair   dryer .   it   made   my   hair   dry   frizzy .   nowhere   on   the   dryer   itself   does   it   say   it   s   an   ionic   dryer   which   made   me   think   the   listing   is   incorrect .
five   stars   very   nice
great   investment   very   well   made ,   and   works   great .   i   have   really   thick   hair   and   it   gets   the   job   done   in   about   5   min .
three   stars   this   was   a   good   replacement   unit   for   the   one   my   wife   wore   out .
works   great .   this   is   the   second   one   i   ve   purchased .   the   first   just   wore   out .   need   to   be   careful   to   make   sure   the   tubing   is   not   crunched   up ,   but   otherwise   have   had   no   problem   with   it .   works   great .
five   stars   my   favoret
five   stars   my   favorite .   easy   handling .
eh ...   not   big   on   heat   styling   my   hair   anyway   but   i   expected   more .   it   s   a   subpar   blow   dryer   at   best .   it   ll   dry   your   hair   eventually   but   i   also   have   thick ,   naturally   kiny   curly   4a   b   hair .   maybe   if   it   had   a   comb   attachment   to   it   would   have   been   more   useful   but   just   not   for   me .   i   can   get   the   blow   look   with   a   low   heat   setting   on   my   flat   iron .
five   stars   great   product !
the   conair   wall   hairdryer   we   were   very   satisfied   with   this   hair   dryer .   we   put   one   in   our   home   in   va   and   two   of   them   we   took   to   fl   and   put   them   in   both   of   our   bathrooms   there .   i   use   them   often   and   when   guests   come   they   are   so   handy   because   they   are   right   there   on   the   wall   .   we   are   replacing   the   one   in   va   that   was   put   in   6   years   ago   .   that   one   went   right   in   the   plate   that   was   already   there .
no   wind   speed   adjustment   in   spite   of   advertisement .   i   was   disappointed   once   we   got   these   together .   although   they   are   advertised   as   having   adjustable   wind   speed ,   they   do   not .   there   is   simply   nothing   where   the   diagram   says   the   wind   speed   button   should   be .   we   ordered   three   of   these   and   they   are   all   this   way .   good   looking   dryer ,   but   will   not   purchase   again .
four   stars   works   well
marriott   hotels   do   a   good   job   of   equiping   their   hotel   rooms   with   user   friendly   appliances   first   bumped   into   this   product   while   travelling .   marriott   hotels   do   a   good   job   of   equiping   their   hotel   rooms   with   user   friendly   br   appliances .   this   dryer   is   no   exception .   its   small ,   compact ,   hangs   easily   net   to   our   bathroom   mirror .   my   wife   raves   about .   br   dryers   usually   burn   out   besause   the   user   usually   forgets   to   clean   the   lint   screen   in   the   back   of   the   dryer .   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   several   years ,   cleaning   it   occassionally   and   its   still   going   strong .   there   are   several   styles ,   check   the   model   that   best   fits   your   br   needs .
my   favorite ! !   my   favorite   hair   dryer   ever ! !   why   anyone   wants   one   where   the   cord   is   all   over   i   don   t   know .   works   great   and   is   reasonably   priced .   highly   recommend !
five   stars   excellent
one   star   did   not   stay   on .
not   to   hot   not   to   cold   it   does   not   get   hot ,   but   that   s   better   of   hair   anyway .
five   stars   nice   product .   delivery   on   time .   works   well .   looks   good .
five   stars   nice   unit
five   stars   excellent
i   am   very   happy   so   far   with   this   dryer   i   am   very   happy   so   far   with   this   dryer .   the   controls   are   easy   to   manipulate ,   even   while   drying   and   styling .   the   slight   downward   tilt   is   actually   genius   as   it   is   more   ergonomic   than   regular   dryers .   and   the   company ,   xtava ,   has   reached   out   to   me ,   expressing   their   desire   that   i   am   happy   with   their   product   and   to   please   let   them   know   if   i   have   questions .   i   find   this   very   refreshing   and   impressive .
five   stars   love   it
great   hair   dryer   love   this   dryer .   went   on   vacation   and   did   not   take   it .   missed   it   a   lot ! ! !
five   stars   easy   to   install   and   handy .
perfect   to   cram   into   an   already   full   suitcase   i   did   a   lot   of   research   for   a   trip   to   england   scotland   i   was   using   this   for .   i   had   no   problems   at   all   with   this ,   it   was   light   and   compact ,   perfect   to   cram   into   an   already   full   suitcase .   please   note   this   hairdryer   is   necessary   to   have   dual   voltage   they   use   other   voltage   there   but   you   still   need   an   actual   wall   converter   so   it   will   fit   into   their   plugs ! !   this   only   allows   you   to   change   the   voltage   so   that   the   normal   hair   dryer   you   use   in   the   states   won   t   fry   your   head   or   die   on   you ,   a   wall   converter   is   very   cheap   about   8   and   can   be   bought   almost   anywhere   .   i   used   the   wall   converter   for   multiple   appliances   phone   charger ,   etc .   but   you   need   to   check   voltage   on   other   appliances   as   well .
this   hair   dryer   is   great ..   leaves   my   hair   so   shiny   after   it   ...   this   hair   dryer   is   great .. leaves   my   hair   so   shiny   after   it   is   dried .   just   the   right   size .
honest   truth   nice   to   have   a   timer   and   to   control   the   heat .   the   description   didn   t   say   how   hot   it   gets   but   it   says   75   celsius   and   it   was   too   hot   for   my   girl   friend   and   she   has   hair   that   requires   a   lot   of   heat .   easy   to   put   together   took   less   than   5   minutes   after   unpacking   everything .   no   fan   speed   on   this   model .   also   the   description   said   locking   wheels   when   i   bought   it   and   it   does   not   have   it .   girl   friend   is   super   happy   how   her   hair   comes   out   with   this   machine   and   that   was   the   whole   plan .   also   the   pole   is   spring   loaded   which   makes   it   easier   to   adjust   up   but   harder   er   to   adjust   down   but   you   don   t   have   to   be   super   strong   to   do   it .   it   was   easy   for   me   just   wanted   to   mention   it   because   i   thought   it   was   a   great   selling   point   because   if   it   wasn   t   spring   loaded   it   would   suck   adjusting   the   height .
four   stars   good   product .   does   the   job   well .
four   stars   good   hair   dryer .
it   s   okay   for   the   price .   the   switch   is   placed   in   the   wrong   place ,   because   i   accidentally   shut   it   off   all   the   time .   on   the   plus   side ,   it   is   quieter   than   the   last   few   dryers   i   have   used .
five   stars   very   good   construction !
five   stars   good   product .   like   hot   and   normal   button   features .
wonderful   hair   dryer !   amazing   product ,   the   cool   air   feature   keeps   my   wife   from   burning   her   neck .   best   hair   dryer   she   has   ever   had ! !
product   of   very   good   quality ,   100   satisfied   with   your   purchase   recommend   this   ...   product   of   very   good   quality ,   100   satisfied   with   your   purchase   recommend   this   product   to   all   my   friends   and   customers   amazon   demanded   of   such   items .
five   stars   used   it   for   travel   abroad   served   me   perfectly
plenty   of   heat   and   small   in   stature   but   does   the   ...   plenty   of   heat   and   small   in   stature   but   does   the   job
five   stars   dries   hair   in   minutes ! !   confinent ! !
great   product .   works   better   than   expected   great   product .   works   better   than   expected .
handles   well   i   bought   this   dryer   based   on   other   reviews   that   i   read .   it   s   not   heavy   and   it   does   a   great   job .   however ,   i   should   have   read   the   product   description   in   more   detail   i   did   not   notice   it   did   not   have   a   retractable   power   cord   and   it   does   not   have   a   folding   handle   for   easy   storage .   i   feel   the   design   of   the   controls   to   be   a   bit   flimsy   haven   t   had   this   style   in   the   past .   overall ,   it   does   the   job   and   it   wasn   t   expensive .
must   have   best   blow   dryer   ever ,   br   no   more   frizzies   br   its   a   must   have
i   love   this   blow   dryer   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   the   price   was   great   i   have   short   hair   it   blows   it   dry   in   no   time .
five   stars   i   have   been   enjoying   this   blow   dryer .
very   good   dryer   my   daughter   likes   it   because   it   takes   up   little   space   in   her   drawer .   it   is   light   and   dries   almost   as   fast   a   her   precious   large   heavy   one .
five   stars   great   product   and   quick   ship .   thank   you .
five   stars   good   product .
five   stars   i   love   the   attachables   combs   and   brush   as   a   afro   american   it   really   straighten   your   hair
this   baby   has   power !   this   baby   has   power !   i   have   very   thick   hair ...... and   a   lot   of   it ........ this   cut   my   blow   drying   time   down   significantly ! !   it   is   a   little   loud   but   is   totally   worth   it .   the   only   problem   i   had   was   it   set   off   my   smoke   detector   when   i   was   using   a   round   brush   with   it .
three   stars   this   compact   hair   dryer   is   very   powerful   but   too   loud .
four   stars   excellent   hair   dryer   powerful   blower   with   max   heat ....
convenient   and   powerful   enough   this   is   a   newer   model   of   the   one   that   we   already   had   that   finally   stopped   working .   we   loved   the   older   model   and   are   glad   that   we   were   able   to   replace   it   with   this   one .   it   is   just   what   we   wanted .
five   stars   this   is   lightweight   and   quiet   and   seems   to   keep   my   hair   smoother .
much   stronger   then   i   expected   great   for   my   tween   daughter   starting   to   want   to   do   ...   much   stronger   then   i   expected   great   for   my   tween   daughter   starting   to   want   to   do   the   grown   up   girl   stuff   or   for   me   to   borrow   for   a   trip
no   problems   no   issues   with   this   hair   dryer   and   its   been   months .   i   love   it
five   stars   works   better   than   any   i   have   used   in   the   past .   recommended   by   my   beautician .
five   stars   very   nice   and   functional   hair   dryer .   easy   to   mount   and   easy   to   use   powerful   without   harming   hair .
lightweight   and   compact   love   how   compact   this   item   is .   nice   not   to   have   to   dig   around   under   cabinet   to   find   a   hairdryer .   it   works   so   well   for   being   such   a   small   dryer .   highly   recommend   this   item
good   value   very   powerful   fan ,   it   seems   my   hair   tangles   more   easily   because   it   blows   so   hard   but   on   the   other   hand   my   hair   dries   faster .   otherwise   a   good   blow   dryer .
five   stars   great !
this   is   a   good   quality   lower   priced   hairdryer   this   is   a   good   quality   lower   priced   hairdryer .   if   you   want   better   than   your   average   conair   at   target ,   this   is   it .   definitely   a   step   up .   however ,   i   have   since   moved   up   to   the   babyliss   dryers   in   the   50   60   range ,   and   have   to   say ... huge   difference   and   i   will   never   go   back !   they   are   amazing .   but   if   you   are   limited   by   this   price ,   it   is   a   great   dryer .
let   me   just   say   that   this   is   the   most   amazing   small   hair   dryer   that   i   have   ever   used   i   received   this   as   a   gift   because   i   travel   weekly .   let   me   just   say   that   this   is   the   most   amazing   small   hair   dryer   that   i   have   ever   used .   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair   almost   to   my   waist   and   i   have   never   had   a   small   blower   dryer   that   could   handle   the   length   of   time   that   it   takes   to   dry   my   hair   until   now .   this   one   not   only   does   it ,   it   doesn   t   even   get   hot   to   the   touch !   the   size   is   what   is   so   impressive   as   well !   it   truly   is   an   amazing   tool !   you   will   not   regret   this   one .   i   am   considering   ordering   a   spare   and   i   ve   only   had   mine   a   week   and   one   traveling   trip !
i   am   so   disappointed   in   the   failing   quality   of   conair   products   died   within   a   couple   months .   i   am   so   disappointed   in   the   failing   quality   of   conair   products .   do   the   controls   really   need   to   be   under   our   fingers   the   whole   time  
wifey   had   one   for   8   years ,   w   o   big   issues   ...   wifey   had   one   for   8   years ,   w   o   big   issues   until   it   died .   br   she   loves   it ,   and   as   a   professional   stylist   she   knows   a   thing   ot   two   about   the   topic .   br   i   bought   her   another   one   for   christmas ,   so   hopefully   manufacture   haven   t   change   specs   dated   as   previous   one .
five   stars   good   dryer   for   curly   hair
quick   drying   styling   this   is   an   awesome   blowdryer   it   has   cut   my   34   getting   ready   34   time   by   at   least   a   third !   definitely   recommend
nice   functionality ,   but   not   really   quiet   or   light   this   hair   dryer   works   reasonably   well ,   but   i   beg   to   differ   with   a   couple   of   the   comments   made   by   other   reviewers   of   this   model .   first ,   this   is   not   a   particularly   quiet   hair   dryer .   having   been   used   to   really   quiet   dryers   in   europe ,   where   the   eu   sets   noise   standards   on   such   appliances ,   i   have   constantly   been   frustrated   by   the   obnoxious   noise   levels   of   hair   dryers   here   in   the   u . s .   so ,   as   american   blow   dryers   go ,   this   one   is   pretty   good ,   especially   on   the   set   setting ,   but   it   s   certainly   not   exceptionally   quiet .   nor   is   it   lighter   in   weight   than   the   dryer   i   currently   have .   so   buy   it   for   the   functionality ,   but   not   for   the   sound   level   or   the   weight .   however ,   one   big   advantage   is   that   this   dryer   has   a   normal   size   plug ,   rather   than   the   ginormous   ones   with   the   pop   out   breaker   that   are   common   on   other   products   sold   in   the   u . s .   our   bathroom   outlets   already   have   the   pop   out   breakers   so   we   don   t   need   them   on   appliances   used   in   the   bathroom ,   so   not   having   to   accommodate   the   giant   plug   is   a   big   plus .
for   the   men   only !   this   review   is   for   the   men   only .   so   i ,   the   husband ,   bought   this   for   my   wife   because   she   wanted   something   more   powerful   than   1850   watts .   so   this   was   her   christmas   gift .   her   old   hair   dryer   took   20   minutes   to   dry   her   hair   and   made   it   really   frizzy   con   air   brand   .   she   timed   her   drying   with   this   babbpk2000   xtreme   pink   edition   and   it   took   only ..... wait   for   it ......... 5   minutes   and   her   hair   was   shiny   with   no   frizz .   she   honestly   wont   shut   up   about   it .   after   she   dries   her   hair   she   keeps   telling   me   to   look   at   it   and   see   how   there   isn   t   any   fuzz   or   frizz   or   whatever   woman   s   hair   gets   like .   hey   fellas ,   if   your   wife ,   girlfriend   or   whatever   needs   a   new   hair   dryer   then   go   with   this   one .   happy   wife   girlfriend   happy   life .   trust   me   guys   she   will   be   happy   and   she   will   be   ready   faster ,   15   minutes   faster .   so   you   wont   have   to   yell   at   her   to   hurry   up   and   then   she   gets   mad   and   takes   longer .   lol .
wife   loves   it !   powerful ,   efficient   and   convenient .   can   t   ask   for   more .   my   wife   loves   it .
the   best   at   this   price ,   but ..   fyi   only   produces   an   adequate   heat   on   the   high   setting ,   medium   and   low   settings   only   achieve   a   warm   temp .   low   price ,   sturdy ,   long   thick   cord ,   very   light ,   strong   fan .
great   little   hair   dryer   great   little   hair   dryer !   i   needed   something   that   was   easy   to   pack   for   traveling   and   had   a   diffuser .   i   love   this   little   dryer .
best   blow   dryer   best   blow   dryer   ever .   i   spend   lots   of   money   on   my   blow   dryers .   one   because   i   have   a   lot   of   thick   curly   hair   and   i   like   to   straighten   it .   this   works   super   fast   and   i   am   very   pleased .
five   stars   good   product
caveat   emptor ! ! !   i   bought   this   hairdryer   last   year   on   april   2   from   34   ishophappy   34   and   it   s   already   broken ... complete   with   sparks   and   a   terrible   burning   smell .   beware   for   fakes   and   chinese   junk ... when   purchasing   hairdryers   and   in   life   in   general .   caveat   emptor ! ! !
very   light   and   easy   to   use   very   convenient   mounted   on   our   bathroom   wall   next   to   the   mirror   over   the   sink .
two   stars   sounds   like   it   will   burn   out .
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   durable   and   easy   to   use .   cord   will   not   retract   all   the   way   after   but   i   have   found   that   in   every   retractable   that   i   have   ever   purchased .
five   stars   best   size   for   soar   arms !
five   stars   hot
five   stars   blow   drys   the   hair   smooth   and   silky
this   blow   dryer   is   awesome .   first   off   this   blow   dryer   is   awesome .   first   off ,   the   attachment   makes   it   easier   to   blow   dry   my   curly   hair   straight .   second ,   it   blow   dried   my   hair   quick .   i   had   it   for   a   year   or   two   and   then   one   day   it   started   smoking   and   caught   fire .   i   was   totally   in   shambles   and   now   i   use   a   s   ty   blow   drier .   rip   cute   pink   blow   drier
very   satisified   great   little   dryer .   it   completes   the   drying   process   quickly   and   doesn   t   make   a   lot   of   noise .   it   is   light   weight   and   easy   to   handle .
an   almost   great   dryer   with   a   fatal   flaw   this   dryer   works   just   fine   and   could   have   gotten   five   stars ,   except   for   one   awful   design   blunder .   the   switch   to   turn   off   the   heat   is   momentary ,   and   if   you   don   t   want   heat ,   you   have   to   keep   your   finger   pressing   it   in   the   entire   time .   what   kind   of   design   is   that  
my   wife   said   this   dryer   is   like   a   windstorm   in   the   bathroom   my   wife   said   this   dryer   is   like   a   windstorm   in   the   bathroom .   it   dried   her   hair   so   she   is   happy ,   which   means   i   am   happy .
awesome   blowdryer !   this   blowdryer   is   really   powerful .   i   love   it .   i   get   my   hair   dried   in   half   the   time .   i   used   to   have   a   portable   blowdryer   that   had   half   the   power .   what   a   difference   a   good   blowdryer   makes   to   a   readying   process !   this   thing   is   saving   me   time .
my   19   dollar   conair   works   better   than   this   this   product   does   not   work   well   at   all .   my   19   dollar   conair   works   better   than   this .   i   made   contact   with   t3   on   their   website ,   they   stated   the   store   that   provided   this   is   not   an   authorized   dealer   for   this   product   and   my   serial   number   is   not   recognized   in   their   system .
minipro   by   conair   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   comes   with   a   case   and   ultra   compact .
got   the   elchim   a   few   weeks   ago   and   love   it   so   far   got   the   elchim   a   few   weeks   ago   and   love   it   so   far !   blows   my   curly   hair   out   quickly   and   nice   and   smoothly .   i   highly   recommend   it !
brush   attachment   not   for   thick   hair   i   got   this   to   replace   my   gold   n   hot   one   that   i   d   had   for   years .   the   brush   attachment   is   very   thin   and   pretty   much   useless   in   my   thick   hair .   the   gold   n   hot   brush   had   way   more   bristles   that   were   sturdier .   other   than   that ,   it   hets   hot   and   dries   my   hair ,   but   not   as   straight   as   the   gold   n   hot .
five   stars   nice   blowdryer   for   the   price !
one   star   not   very   good
three   stars   i   liked   it   but   ended   up   returning   b   c   it   was   a   bit   heavy   for   my   arthritic   hands .
three   stars   the   needles   were   not   log   enough .   i   returned   it
a   great   dryer   that   i   would   buy   again ! ! !   i   like   how   the   cord   goes   inside . and   the   dryer   works   great .   agreat   dryer   that   i   would   buy   again .   this   did   arrive   on   time .   br   thank   you .
awesome   dryer   i   have   wanted   this   for   christmas   two   years   in   a   row   and   finally   someone   in   my   family   purchased   it ,   now   they   want   one !
best   dryer   owned   for   fine   hair   i   cannot   believe   how   great   this   hairdryer   really   is .   i   searched   and   searched   for   months   unsure   of   who   to   believe .   i   have   fine   hair ,   not   the   thick   curly   that   drives   most   shoppers   toward   a   certain   brand .   this   one   works   great   for   my   fine   hair ,   and   a   plus   is   that   i   have   not   had   static   during   the   drying   process   like   with   the   cheaper   hairdryers .   there   are   two   settings   for   ionic ,   and   i   don   t   know   what   the   other   setting   is   supposed   to   do ,   but   the   other   setting   does   introduce   static ,   so   i   use   one   ionic   setting   at   all   times .   the   main   characteristic   i   searched   for   was   the   sound   volume   and   pitch .   someone   wrote   a   review   that   said   they   could   actually   hear   the   doorbell   ring   while   using   this   hairdryer ,   and   that   convinced   me   to   purchase   this   model .   it   is   actually   true   the   pitch   is   not   really   a   pitch ,   but   rather   a   low   sound   that   will   save   my   eardrums .   my   husband   can   actually   sleep   when   i   blow   dry ,   where   he   could   not   before .   as   for   lasting   ability ,   it   is   a   quality   hairdryer ,   and   i   have   been   using   this   for   about   6   months   and   it   looks   as   though   it   will   hold   up   for   the   long   haul .
one   star   extremely   heavy   and   noisy .   returned
easy   breezy !   easy   to   put   together   and   works   well .
five   stars   super   nice   hair   dryer  
loud   and   heavy   working   hair   dryer .   i   would   not   buy   this   again .   it   works   well   and   does   its   purpose .   my   complaints   are   it   is   heavy   and   loud !
five   stars   use   it   every   day .
can   t   use   title   i   wanted   to   purchased   to   replace   same   dryer   we   have   had   in   out   bathroom   for   the   last   10   years .   that   should   say   everything .   the   old   one   lasted   10   years   and   the   fact   i   purchased   the   exact   same   model   again   tells   you   how   happy   i   am   with   it .
four   stars   good   one   and   does   the   job
i   don   t   know   if   i   have   one   on   order   or   ...   i   don   t   know   if   i   have   one   on   order   or   not ...   just   ordered   another   one !   because   of   the   price ....   we   ll   see !
five   stars   works   great !   as   advertised   and   great   price ,   doubt   there   s   a   cheaper   better   one   out   there !
five   stars   great   prod
i   have   personally   gone   through   about   15   different   hair   dryers   to   find   the   perfect   one .   i   discovered   the   remington   jet   dry   turbo   if   you   have   hair   that   takes   forever   to   dry ,   this   is   the   hair   dryer   for   you .   it   not   only   dries   your   hair ,   but   leaves   it   soft   and   shiny .   i   have   personally   gone   through   about   15   different   hair   dryers   to   find   the   perfect   one .   i   discovered   the   remington   jet   dry   turbo   about   10   or   15   years   ago   it   used   to   come   in   bluish   purple   .   during   this   time ,   i   ve   often   looked   for   other   models   just   to   see   if   i   could   find   something   better ,   and   there   just   isn   t   anything .   many   times ,   you   ll   find   me   using   two   hair   dryers   at   the   same   time   which   often   causes   the   bathroom   circuit   to   overload   .   i   used   stylist   models   that   cost   around   150   bespoke ,   rusk   speed   freak ,   etc .   to   consumer   reports   best   hair   dryer   which   i   think   the   people   who   are   reviewing   them   don   t   have   lots   of   hair ...   because   nothing   holds   a   candle   to   this   model .   br   br   they   also   have   a   compact   one   that   i   keep   in   my   gym   bag .   it   s   not   as   good ,   but   will   do   in   a   pinch .
worked   less   than   10   months .   we   got   this   one   on   sale   for   11   and   it   worked   just   fine   from   march   till   december ,   then   it   quit ,   no   heat   and   no   fan .   br   it   was   good   when   worked   but   due   to   short   life   span   2   stars   at   best .
five   stars   excellent !
four   stars   awesome
buyer   beware   i   read   all   of   the   reviews   and   decided   to   go   ahead   and   buy   this   hairdryer   in   july   2013 .   it   is   a   good ,   quiet   hairdryer   that   i   enjoyed   for   16   months .   however ,   just   like   the   other   reviews   suggested ,   there   is ,   indeed ,   a   problem   with   this   product   as   it   has   started   to   34   spit   34   sparks   as   i   m   drying   my   hair   which   is   clearly   dangerous .   although   16   months   have   passed   i   find   it   hard   to   believe   the   manufacturer   wants   a   dangerous   product   out   in   the   marketplace .   according   to   the   return   policy ,   i   am   not   able   to   get   a   refund   or   a   new   product   so   buyer   beware !   this   product   can   be   dangerous   and   their   policy   doesn   t   seem   to   address   this   situation .   amazon ,   please   consider   what   you   might   do   to   help   this   situation   given   the   product   is   spitting   sparks   within   inches   of   your   customers   faces .   perhaps   you   should   discontinue   selling   it ...
four   stars   i   always   used   salon   hair   dryer ,   compare   to   that   this   is   only   4   star
the   1875   dryer   is   an   excellent   product .   heats   fast   with   with   both   high   and   ...   the   1875   dryer   is   an   excellent   product .   heats   fast   with   with   both   high   and   low   speeds . has   a   slide   high ,   low ,   and   off   switch   which   i   liked .   the   low   speed   is   higher   than   i   expected   but   still   a   very   good   product .
two   stars   kind   of   small
five   stars   my   expectations   were   met
three   stars   the   only   problem   i   have   with   this   product   is   that   the   comb   are   not   durable
powerful   little   blow   dryer !   i   was   tired   of   dealing   with   a   large   blow   dryer   on   a   daily   basis ,   and   wanted   one   that   was   small   enough   to   fold   and   pack   for   a   trip .   this   blow   dryer   is   powerful   and   dries   my   hair   in   less   than   five   minutes .   highly   recommended !
perfect   for   traveling   but   with   great   power   so   cute   and   small ,   perfect   for   traveling   but   with   great   power !   easy   to   use   for   international   travel   since   it   has   dual   power   settings .   love   the   zebra   carrying   bag   too .   very   happy   with   this   purchase ! ! !
four   stars   so   far   so   good   works   as   promised ,   and   arrived   on   time .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer .   been   using   it   for   a   few   months   now   and   no   complaints   so   far .
five   stars   this   is   a   great   little   hair   dryer .
great   purchase   great   purchase .   i   have   thick   hair .   hair   dried   well   and   felt   silky   too .
daughter   loves   it .   works   just   as   reviews   stated .   ...   daughter   loves   it .   works   just   as   reviews   stated .   well   worth   the   money .
update   loving   this   hairdryer !   i   m   only   giving   these   a   3   5   for   now   becuase   the   heating   element   was   broken   on   arrival .   i   thought   it   was   strange   that   it   didn   t   get   hot   even   on   the   highest   heat   setting ......   it   was   still   cool   enough   after   several   seconds   that   i   could   aim   it   directly   at   my   face   comfortably .   on   the   second   try ,   it   got   hot   for   about   5   seconds ....   and   then   went   cool   again .   third   try   no   heat .   i   am   glad   i   kept   the   box   so   i   can   send   it   back   for   my   replacement .   so   i   am   exchanging   this   for   the   same   design   in   hopes   that   the   replacement   will   have   a   working   heating   element .   i   still   rated   it   as   a   moderate   success   because   the   high   and   low   settings   for   air ,   and   the   three   temperature   settings   are   a   wonderful   design .   it   blows   really   hard ,   which   is   what   i   like .   i   also   am   hoping   the   diffuser   will   allow   me   to   maximize   the   wave   in   my   hair   for   those   days   when   i   don   t   want   to   straighten   it   or   when   it   s   humid   outside   .   it   s   ilghtweight   and   has   a   nice   feel   to   the   grip .   i   hope   the   replacement   will   up   the   rating   to   a   full   5   stars !   update   i   received   my   replacement   what   a   simple   process ,   too ...   kudos   for   easy   returns !   ,   and   this   hairdryer   is   perfect   for   me .   now   that   the   heating   element   is   working ,   i   am   able   to   see   that   the   heat   settings   are   just   what   i   want ,   cool   is   cool ,   medium   is   my   favorite   for   regular   use ,   and   hot   is   good   and   hot   but   not   scorching   i   might   use   this   on   the   low   blower   setting   to   set   a   curl   when   my   hair   is   in   velcro   rollers   .   very   happy !   love   the   feel   and   heft   of   it ,   too .
powerful   this   has   the   power   i   like   to   use   to   get   my   hair   dry   fast .   it   s   also   got   the   low   settings   for   really   setting   a   curl   or   straightening   hair .   this   has   some   force   to   the   blow   dry .
five   stars   exelente
just   right   for   travel   got   this   for   an   upcoming   trip   in   europe   and   picked   this   for   the   dual   voltage   switch   without   spending   a   lot .   testing   at   home   on   american   voltage   and   it   is   super   powerful !   a   bit   on   the   loud   side   but   great   for   the   price .   wonder   if   it   will   have   the   same   quick   drying   on   240v   they   usually   only   work   on   low   setting   when   you   flip   the   voltage .
perfect   size ,   weight   this   was   purchased   as   a   christmas   gift   for   someone   other   than   myself .   she   called   when   she   opened   it   and   loves   it .   perfect   size ,   weight ,   and   heat .
my   wife   was   looking   forward   to   it   so   disappointed   really .   i   ordered   from   australia   so   expected   a   220   240   volt   model .   i   was   sent   a   130   volt   model   which   when   plugged   in   went   bang .   br   so   cannot   review   obviously .   br   when   i   went   back   to   check   the   voltage   it   wasn   t   readily   obvious   what   it   was .   it   took   quite   a   bit   of   searching   to   find   out   i   had   bought   something   unusable   in   australia .   br   my   wife   was   looking   forward   to   it   so   disappointed   really .
a   steal   for   the   price !   i   love   this   out   of   the   way   blow   dryer !   for   the   price   you   can   t   beat   it !   it   actually   looks   pretty   cute   on   my   wall   in   my   small   bathroom .
did   not   like   it   at   all ..   splurge   just   a   little   and   get   the   babyliss   pro   bab2000 .   the   conair   felt   cheap .   while   the   babyliss   feels   much   better   in   the   hand .   the   babyliss   will   give   a   deeper   heat   as   compared   to   the   conair ,   not   necessarily   hotter   but   a   better   and   even   distribution   of   heat .   i   returned   the   conair .
works   great .   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair   works   great .   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair ,   it   used   to   take   up   to   an   hour   to   dry   my   hair   with   my   old   dryer .   this   is   fast   and   works   great .
the   best   blow   dryer   i   ve   ever   used   the   best   blow   dryer   i   ve   ever   used .   ever .   i   could   go   on   and   on   about   all   the   great   features ,   how   powerful   it   is ,   and   even   how   great   it   looks   but   the   best   feature ,   for   me ,   is   the   non   slip   exterior .   i   can   t   tell   you   how   many   times   my   old   blow   dryers   went   crashing   to   the   floor   due   to   their   slippery   casings ,   but   the   texturized   exterior   on   this   dryer   allows   me   to   get   a   good   grip   r   and   keep   that   grip   throughout   the   entire   drying   process .   the   best !
so   far   so   good .   she   s   happy   with   the   dryer   so   far   so   good .   she   s   happy   with   the   dryer .
one   star   it   s   like   holding   a   jackhammer   !
died   after   7   months .   worthless   warranty .   purchased   5   2014 .   dead   as   of   12   2014 .   perfectly   competent   nothing   34   ionically   34   special   while   working .   we   ve   gotten   4   5   years   at   the   very   least   out   of   past   blow   dryers .   you   make   the   decision .
and   loved   it .   first   used   one   of   these   in   a   hotel ,   and   loved   it ..   the   retractable   cord   gets   stuck   ,   but   still   love   it
three   stars   diffuser   could   be   bigger .   but   it   is   ok .
five   stars   i   love   it .
good   for   teens   and   people   with   long   hair   i   like   it .   it   looks   cool   attached   to   my   bathroom   mirror .   i   can   round   brush   my   hair   much ,   much   easier ,   leaving   my   coif   full   and   shiny !
five   stars   love   it !   works   great   and   is   do   quiet !
so   far   so   good ,   but   you   do   need   to   be   careful   so   ...   my   husband   put   it   together   and   got   to   use   it   twice .   so   far   so   good ,   but   you   do   need   to   be   careful   so   it   won   tip   over .   it   is   a   really   quiet   machine   and   the   ticking   of   the   clock   is   really   not   that   bad .   if   i   did   not   hear   the   ticking   i   would   not   know   if   it   was   on   or   not .   i   can   have   a   conversation   with   the   person   sitting   under   it   that   s   how   quiet   it   is   and   it   gets   really   hot .   my   husband   is   thinking   of   placing   more   weight   on   the   feet   so   it   would   be   more   stable .   for   the   amount   of   money   i   think   it   is   worth   it .
...   tried   to   replace   my   old   conair   dual   voltage   travel   smart   hairdryer .   unfortunately   this   one   was   not   very   much   ...   i   tried   to   replace   my   old   conair   dual   voltage   travel   smart   hairdryer .   unfortunately   this   one   was   not   very   much   like   the   old   one .   this   one   is   bigger   and   bulker ,   weighs   quite   a   bit   more ,   does   not   come   with   a   carrying   case ,   and   does   not   have   a   built   in   loop   with   which   to   hang   from   a   hook .   also ,   it   is   supposed   to   be   two   speed ,   but   the   low   speed   is   too   weak   and   delivers   a   stream   of   coolish   air .   the   high   speed   is   too   powerful   and   delivers   an   excessively   hot   stream   of   air .   br   what   a   disappointment ! ! !
i   was   extremely   disappointed   in   this   hair   dryer   i   was   extremely   disappointed   in   this   hair   dryer .   the   button   on   it   didn   t   work   properly   and   i   was   unable   to   change   amps   from   250   to   125   when   needed .   it   was   a   total   waste   of   money .
awesome   hair   dryer   awesome   hair   dryer .   definitely   professional   quality .   it   takes   less   time   to   dry   my   hair   now .   also ,   i   love   how   long   the   cord   is .
does   it   s   job   nicely .   i   dropped   one   star   because   the   dryer   i   ...   does   it   s   job   nicely .   i   dropped   one   star   because   the   dryer   i   had   before   did   it   s   job   but   was   smaller ,   lighter   weight ,   and   the   hairdryer   never   got   too   warm   to   put   away   immediately   after   use .   this   one   needs   to   be   turned   off   and   left   sit   for   a   few   minutes .
five   stars   a
great   compact   dryer   purchased   as   a   guest   bathroom   hairdryer .   between   the   retractable   cord   and   the   folding   feature ,   it   fits   neatly   in   a   drawer .
five   stars   love
great   hair   dryer   for   the   price   great   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   i   battle   frizz   a   lot ,   and   this   dryer   does   a   great   job   controlling   frizz   while   drying   my   hair .
three   stars   works   well
four   stars   great   dryer   better   price ... good   buy !
four   stars   received   the   item   quickly .   it   is   just   as   it   was   described .
five   stars   wife   loves   it .
underwhelmed ,   but   not   disappointed   3   stars   it   s   ok .   i   feel   like   this   hair   dryer   is   a   little   lacking   in   both   heat   and   strength ,   but   for   the   price   i   can   t   complain   too   much .   i   generally   let   me   hair   air   dry   or   only   use   it   for   my   bangs ,   so   it   does   the   job .   if   you   re   a   serious   blow   dryer ,   go   for   something   else ,   personally ,   i   ll   go   for   a   different   model   next   time ,   but   in   the   meantime ,   i   m   fine   with   it .
even   if   you   pay   five   times   the   price ,   there   is   no   way   you   get   a   better   blow .   this   one   does   a   flawless   job !   very   hot !
four   stars   nice   machine
just   like   hotel   hair   dryers   i   love   it .   always   liked   them   when   we   stayed   in   hotels .   now   i   have   my   own .
yes   ! ! ! ! !   received   it   today ... the   first   thing   that   i   did   was   blowdry   my   hair .
interesting   and   functional   design ,   questionable   extra   features ,   and   a   high   price   as   usual   i   have   my   wife   test   out   the   hair   dryers   as   she   is   the   one   with   the   hair ...   br   br   i   think   the   design   is   beautiful .   she   thinks   the   dryer   is   ugly .   she   said   it   s   a   high   quality   dryer ,   but   overall   she   prefers   our   john   frieda   full   volume   hair   dryer   which   costs   something   like   75   less   than   this   model   .   br   br   my   wife   has   thin   hair   which   is   easily   damaged .   she   sees   absolutely   not   difference   with   the   34   nanoe   technology   34   .   the   ionizing   and   34   moisture   rich   nanoe   particles   34   were   dismissed   by   her   as   a   marketing   ploy .   i   m   not   sure   about   that   but   will   say   that   at   the   very   least   mileage   will   vary .   br   br   my   wife   does   like   the   power ,   and   the   separate   speed   and   temperature   controls .   br   br   my   conclusion   if   you   have   the   money   and   like   the   design   it   s   a   well   built   and   very   functional   dryer .   if   you   just   want   a   good   reliable   dryer   you   can   find   good   ones   for   far   cheaper .
five   stars   loves   it   and   it   can   blow   cool   air   too .   very   easy   to   use .   thanks   again
four   stars   wish   it   had   a   cooling   button !
five   stars   great   hair   dryer
works   well   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   about   a   month   ago .   i   really   like   it .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   without   frizz .   i   have   the   ion   generator   on   and   use   the   concentrator .   also   the   cord   is   a   good   length   about   5   1   2   to   6   ft .   long .   the   cord   on   my   last   hair   dryer   was   way   too   short .   i   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer .
five   stars   works   well .
...   already   had   one   of   these   as   my   grown   children   recommended   this   great   hair   dryer   i   already   had   one   of   these   as   my   grown   children   recommended   this   great   hair   dryer .   i   just   bought   two   more   to   have   in   our   condo   for   vacation   rentals .   it   is   so   nice   to   stay   in   a   place   that   has   a   decent   hair   dryer .   this   is   the   one !
five   stars   excelent
five   stars   awesome   use   everyday ! ! !
excellent   hot   air   hair   dryer   this   is   best   valve   for   the   lowest   wattage .   i   like   that   it   has   a   cool   switch   so   i   don   t   have   to   hold   down   the   cool   button   when   i   don   t   need   heat   to   dry   off .   it   looks   good   and   works   as   you   would   expect   with   very   simple   toggle   switches   to   control   your   settings .
terrific ,   inexpensive   hair   dryer   terrific ,   inexpensive   hair   dryer .   as   good   as   dryers   costing   2 ,   3 ,   4   even   5   times   this   one .   gets   hot   quickly ,   stays   hot ,   works   well ,   light   weight ,   easy   to   maneuver .   better   for   travel   than   most   dryers   designed   specifically   for   travel .   we   love   it !
the   dryer   is   really   good   but   came   with   a   missing   part   diffuser   but   as   ...   the   dryer   is   really   good   but   came   with   a   missing   part   diffuser   but   as   it   is   not   really   needed ,   am   not   bothered   by   it .   arrived   early   and   well   packaged .   would   recommend   it .   very   easy   to   use .
five   stars   love   this   hairdryer !   lightweight ,   good   strong   air   flow ,   and   a   long   cord !
highly   recommend   we   have   two   of   these   dryers   at   home   in   michigan   and   purchased   two   more   for   our   new   condo   in   florida .   small   but   plenty   powerful .
great   product   i   love   this   diffuser .
i   actually   liked   it   during   that   period   of   time   i   used   this   for   six   months .   i   actually   liked   it   during   that   period   of   time .   but   after   using   it   once   a   day   during   that   time   period ,   it   burst   into   flames   and   practically   exploded   while   i   was   using   it .   word   to   the   wise   if   your   hair   dryer   starts   to   smell   like   garlic   don   t   use   it .   incredibly   dangerous .
great   for   the   price   ok ,   so   i   got   this   based   on   the   other   reviews   i   saw .   let   me   say   that   i   went   from   a   150   chi   dryer   to   this .   all   in   all ,   it   seems   to   dry   my   hair   in   about   the   same   time   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   .   in   my   opinion ,   the   main   difference   between   inexpensive   and   expensive   dryers   is   how   long   they   last .   i   ve   had   the   expensive   one   for   about   3   years   or   more ,   no   issues .   the   good   thing   about   this   revlon   in   addition   to   the   price   is   that   it   is   much   lighter   weight .   so ,   i   ll   keep   using   it   until   it   breaks .   one   other   thing   to   note ,   the   cool   burst   button   is   really   easy   to   accidentally   trigger   when   you   re   drying   your   hair .   not   a   big   deal   other   than   it   annoys   me   when   i   m   trying   to   dry   my   hair   and   the   cold   air   starts   flowing   and   i   have   to   adjust .
we   are   happy !   very   good   dryer .
a   good   product   at   a   good   price !   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   after   her   old   one   broke .   br   my   wife   seemed   to   think   that   price   and   quality   were   correlated   with   hair   dryers ,   but   after   seeing   the   price   of   some   of   the   34   high   end   34   hair   dryers ,   i   decided   to   do   a   bit   more   research .   i   bought   this   one   because   it   it   highly   rated   and   reasonably   priced .   i   m   happy   to   say   that   my   wife   enjoys   it   and   noticed   no   difference   from   her   previous   device   which   was   probably   over   100 .
awesome   for   curly   hair   never   thought   the   blow   dryer   made   a   big   difference .... always   thought   it   was   the   styling   products ... guess   again , this   will   be   the   only   blow   dryer   i   will   ever   use   or   buy   again ....   awesome   for   curly   hair .
great   hair   dryer   my   wife   just   loves   it   heat ,   power   and   abilities .   she   saw   it   on   board   a   cruise   ship   and   simply   loved   it   and   purchased   it   right   after   we   got   back   home .
three   stars   heavy ,   my   expectation   was   much   too   high .   the   cost   was   high   too .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer ,   love   the   controls   on   this .
five   stars   exactly   what   i   wanted   at   a   very   good   price
five   stars   works
i   bought   this   item   from   2012   and   it   is   still   ...   i   bought   this   item   from   2012   and   it   is   still   going   strong .   it   is   well   worth   the   money .   the   only   downside   to   it   is   that   just   before   the   timer   goes   off ,   you   gotta   get   up   from   underneath   it   because   it   has   a   loud   sound   when   the   time   runs   out .
i   am   so   glad   i   got   this   little   hair   dryer   i   am   so   glad   i   got   this   little   hair   dryer .   i   have   thick ,   wavy   hair   and   i   need   a   powerful   hair   dryer   to   dry   it .   this   is   very   powerful ,   more   so   than   my   at   home   hair   dryer .   i   love   the   retractable   cord .   easy   for   traveling .   i   weighed   it   on   my   kitchen   scale   and   it   weighs   just   slightly   over   1   1   4   pounds .   i   thought   it   would   weigh   more .   a   good   purchase .
large   and   heavy   but   the   heat   settings   are   good   works   great ,   heat   settings   are   good ,   but   it   is   very   heavy   and   it   s   so   long .   i   had   to   stretch   my   arm   way   out   so   the   heat   wasn   t   too   close   to   my   hair .   definitely   not   for   travel   since   it   is   so   big .   but   it   did   dry   my   hair .
five   stars   this   hair   dryer   works   extremely   well   and   is   easy   to   handle .   the   price   is   very   reasobable .
repeat   customer   i   have   been   using   this   remington   hair   dryer   for   several   years   now .   i   think   the   one   i   am   currently   using   is   my   3rd ,   and   this   recent   purchase   is   my   backup   for   when   the   current   one   runs   its   course .   i   am   particular   in   wanting   a   hair   dryer   with   oomph .   i   like   hairdryers   with   big   bursts   of   hair   basically   that   are   loud   and   fast .   i   grow   impatient   with   many   other   models .   this   one   fits   the   bill   just   right .   i   also   like   the   look   and   feel .
best   choice   with   a   recognized   brand   for   the   international   traveler ,   this   is   a   must .   works   there   and   at   home   as   well .
warning !   this   hair   dryer   is   defective   and   dangerous .   the   hair   dryer   did   not   work   on   the   low   setting ,   the   fan   did   not   spin .   i   turned   it   on   for   only   30   seconds   and   it   quickly   overheated   and   turned   bright   orange   inside   and   could   potentially   have   caught   on   fire .   the   construction   of   this   hair   dryer   is   very   cheap   and   even   if   the   one   i   received   was   just   a   defect ,   i   don   t   think   it   would   last   very   long   if   it   did   work   at   all .
great   price   and   coality !   great   price   and   coality !   thank   you   amazon !
five   stars   love   it
so   sad .   but   i   forgot   to   change   the   voltage   switch .   so   sad .
two   stars   hair   dryer   was   fair ,   attachment   falls   off   when   drying .
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   but   it   pulled   so   much   amps   that   ...   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   but   it   pulled   so   much   amps   that   i   can   t   you   use   it   oin   my   bathroom   off   of   my   15amp   gfi   outlet
great   hair   dryer   short   cord   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   my   hair   is   soft   and   shine   and   the   high   heat   is   not   so   hot   that   it   damages   my   fine   hair .   the   only   reason   i   did   not   give   it   a   5   star   is   because   the   cord   is   really   short .
easy   install   and   arrived   on   time   small   but   powerful .   easy   install   and   arrived   on   time .
but   i   did   it   myself   with   this   dryer   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist   this   baby   is   powerful .   several   folks   have   complimented   me   on   getting   my   hair   fixed ,   but   i   did   it   myself   with   this   dryer   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist .   the   only   drawback   for   me   is   it   heavy ,   but   i   am   getting   used   to   it .   unless   it   breaks   soon ,   it   s   worth   the   money .   my   hair   dried   before   getting   the   frizzies .
didn   t   last   as   long   as   the   previous   model   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   a   little   less   than   a   year   and   a   half   and   it   just   burnt   out   and   stopped   working   a   week   ago .   i   was   drying   my   hair   and   heard   the   dryer   suddenly   get   quieter .   then   i   smelled   burning ...   and   it   just   died .   i   m   a   little   disappointed   with   this   as   i   had   an   older   model   that   thankfully ,   i   kept   as   a   spare   for   travel .   the   older   model   of   this   dryer   is   still   working   10   years   later ,   sans   a   missing   temp   button   that   fell   off   just   before   i   purchased   this   newer   one .
dried   my   hair   super   quick !   this   professional   hair   dryer   came   packaged   beautifully   making   it   perfect   for   giving   as   a   gift   for   anyone   who   loves   to   do   their   hair .   i   m   obsessed   with   any   hair   product   so   i   was   so   excited   to   get   this   product   in   the   mail .   i   couldn   t   wait   to   try   it   out !   it   is   such   a   beautiful   shade   of   blue .   this   hair   dryer   is   1500   watts   which   means   it   can   dry   your   hair   super   quick .   i   have   very   thick   and   long   hair .   my   hair   comes   down   to   my   lower   back .   i   was   able   to   blow   dry   my   hair   with   this   dryer   in   about   15   minutes .   that   s   a   pretty   good   time   for   my   hair .   it   typically   takes   20   to   25   minutes   to   blow   dry   my   hair .   i   like   that   this   dryer   has   the   cool   shot   button .   i   always   use   this   button   when   i   m   done   to   give   my   hair   a   cool   down   and   to   lock   in   my   hairstyle .   the   dryer   also   comes   with   a   button   for   3   speeds   and   3   heat   settings .   another   feature   that   comes   in   handy   is   the   concentrator   nozzle .   occasionally   i   like   to   34   blow   out   34   my   hair   and   this   attachment   is   a   must   to   be   able   to   achieve   this   style .   overall ,   i   m   really   pleased   with   this   hair   dryer   and   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   any   of   my   friends   or   family .
five   stars   excellent   purchase .   if   your   hairs   are   wet   and   messy ,   the   dryer   makes   them   quick   and   easy   to   manage .
i   love   the   heat   it   s   more   warm   than   hot   like   ...   i   love   the   heat   it   s   more   warm   than   hot   like   most   blow   dryers .   i   feel   like   it   s   better   for   my   hair .   very   light   compared   to   my   former   blow   dryer .
i   love   it ! !   i   love   this   dryer .   it   heats   like   a   professional   dryer .   the   only   con   is   that   the   wheels   don   t   roll   that   well   and   you   have   to   hold   the   bonnet   when   moving   it   to   prevent   it   from   toping   over .
five   stars   great
this   is   a   decent   hairdryer ,   but   a   bit   cumbersome   to   use   this   is   a   decent   hairdryer ,   but   a   bit   cumbersome   to   use   it   s   larger   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   like   really   large .   i   recently   purchased   hot   boxed   hair   extensions ,   and   bought   this   to   make   my   life   a   bit   easier   as   i   can   t   blow   dry   upside   down   ,   after   a   recommendation   by   my   hair   stylist .   it   works   super   well   at   the   top   of   my   hair   it   looks   amazing   ,   but   it   s   very   difficult   to   maneuver   around   the   head ,   especially   the   back ,   due   to   the   weight ,   the   size ,   and   the   brush .   make   sure   you   give   yourself   enough   time   to   dry   your   hair ,   as   it   will   take   a   while   trying   to   use   this .
one   star   stopped   working   and   almost   burned   my   hair   from   sparking   at   the   base   of   the   cord .   after   only   4   months !
like   it   so   far   previously   had   an   oster ,   but   the   last   two   i   have   had   didn   t   last   very   long .   br   trying   the   conair ,   still   getting   used   to   the   way   it   hangs .   sideways  
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned   and   anyone   who   has   ...   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned   and   anyone   who   has   come   over   and   used   it   has   remarked   on   how   great   the   air   stream   is   and   how   fast   it   dries .
she   says   its   a   great   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   for   my   90   year   old   mother ,   she   says   its   a   great   hair   dryer ,   loves   that   it   has   3   settings   low ,   med .   high   ,   and   that   the   handle   folds ,   and   has   retractable   cord ,   also   not   loud .
five   stars   it   s   doing   wonders   to   my   girlfriend   s   hair .   she   loves   it
arrived   on   time   and   just   like   description   said   pleased   with   everything !
three   stars   heavier   and   bulkier   than   my   previous   blow   dryer .   not   impressed .
love   it   great   hairdryer   . the   only   thing   is   doesn   t   have   a   dual   voltage   so   if   you   wanna   use   it   out   of   states   you   will   need   to   buy   a   voltage   transformator .
five   stars   great !
i   wish   i   would   have   read   the   reviews   on   this   ...   i   wish   i   would   have   read   the   reviews   on   this   dryer   before   buying   it .   i   ve   only   used   it   4   times .   the   dryer   stopped   working   after   having   it   on   my   head   for   about   5   minutes .   i   can   t   believe   it   actually   stopping   working   in   the   middle   of   me   drying   my   hair .   this   is   so   unfortunate .   buyer   beware ! ! ! !
...   home   on   family   and   friends   and   it   works   just   great !   great   dryer   for   the   cheap   price   i   bought   this   for   using   at   home   on   family   and   friends   and   it   works   just   great !   great   dryer   for   the   cheap   price !
this   hair   dryer   has   a   lot   of   power   and   dries   ...   this   hair   dryer   has   a   lot   of   power   and   dries   my   hair   very   quickly   when   i   use   the   concentrator .   very   quiet   compared   to   my   older   blow   dryer   also .
five   stars   great
five   stars   good   blow   dryer
it   is   perfect   for   my   12   year   old   loves   this .   it   is   perfect   for   her
three   stars   it   s   very   hard   to   use   the   diffuser   because   the   dryer   itself   is   so   heavy .
five   stars   it   s   great .
it   s   an   average   blow   dryer   i   use   it   every   day   ...   it   s   an   average   blow   dryer   i   use   it   every   day   and   haven   t   had   any   issues ,   if   you   re   looking   for   a   simple   everyday   blow   dryer   this   will   do   the   trick .
five   stars   i   love   it .   it   was   exactly   what   i   wanted .
five   stars   very   convenient   hair   dryer
three   more   happy   customers !   all   three   have   varied   thickness   of   hair   ...   gentle   on   my   hair .   quicker   to   dry   my   extraordinarily   thick   hair !   compact   and   convenient .   i   have   3   grown   daughters   who   upon   visiting   have   asked   where   i   got   it .   guess   what   three   more   happy   customers !   all   three   have   varied   thickness   of   hair   too .   one   is   extremely   think ,   one   average   thickness ,   one   very   thick   and   mine   as   stated   extraordinarily   thick .   love   this   hairdryer !
very   good   dryer   love   it .   works   well .   i   don   t   think   i   d   have   paid   the   original   price .   glad   i   got   a   deep   discount .   i   does   dry   my   hair   faster   and   it   honestly   does   seem   smoother .
defective   there   is   spark   fire   come   from   inside   i   think   this   is   defective   one
love   this   hairdryer   love   this   hairdryer !   i   d   buy   it   again   great   value   it   s   heavy   and   seems   like   a   more   expensive   hairdryer ,   works   great !
buy   it !   awesome   dryer ,   made   my   fine   hair   dry   in   half   the   time ,   also   gave   it   more   volume .   great   purchase .
five   stars   great   product
five   stars   great
five   stars   great
an   excellent   dryer   for   alot   less   money   than   other   top   dollar   ...   i   bought   this   for   my   daughter   for   christmas .....   she   absolutely   loves   it ! ! !   an   excellent   dryer   for   alot   less   money   than   other   top   dollar   dryers .   dries   fast ,   and   much   quieter   than   other   dryers .
one   star   returned   it
i   liked   it !   it   s   a   really   good   product   to   the   price   so   cheap !
love   it ! ! !   amazing ! ! ! !   i   have   never   had   a   blow   dryer   so   powerful   that   has   so   many   settings .   i   like   that   you   can   have   the   same   blow   power   with   the   cool   setting   without   holding   down   a   button .   love   it !   great   price   for   great   quality ! !
three   stars   it   s   a   fine ,   but   loud   hairdryer .   you   can   find   a   ceramic   one   in   kmart   for   a   lower   price .
five   stars   the   best ! ! ! ! !
five   stars   purchased   this   years   ago   and   i   am   still   using   it   till   this   day !
four   stars   all   of   my   customers   are   happy
five   stars   works   great ,   really   handy   and   portable .   arrived   quickly .   great   product !
five   stars   works   great !   i   use   it   every   day   for   a   year   and   have   had   no   problems   with   it .   it   looks   nice   too !   there   are   sparkles   in   the   black   section   of   the   blow   dryer   which   is   always   fun   there   is   also   a   vent   in   the   back   that   opens   to   clean   out   the   dust   or   hair   that   gets   sucked   in .   for   the   money   it   s   definitely   worth   it .
...   dryer   for   about   three   months   and   am   overall   really   pleased .   my   previous   hair   dryer   was   about   five   years   ...   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   about   three   months   and   am   overall   really   pleased .   my   previous   hair   dryer   was   about   five   years   old   and   kicked   the   bucket .   this   one   is   much   better   than   that   one ,   though   like   i   said ,   it   was   a   little   older .   it   dries   my   hair   in   about   half   the   time   and   i   use   both   of   the   diffusers   that   came   with   if   often .   br   br   my   reason   for   giving   four   starts   over   five   is   that   the   placement   of   the   buttons   for   speed   and   heat   are   right   where   i   want   to   put   my   hand   while   using   it .   they   are   pretty   big ,   so   if   i   keep   my   hands   there   i   often   hit   them .   readusting   my   hand   solves   this   problem   but   since   it   makes   it   a   slightly   less   comfortable   experience ,   i   think   four   stars   is   appropriate .   br   br   i   have   not   yet   had   the   issue   of   the   outside   wearing   off ,   mine   still   looks   new .
what   more   can   you   say   about   a   hairdryer   it   s   ...   what   more   can   you   say   about   a   hairdryer   it   s   hot   when   you   set   it   on   high   ,   and   cools   quickly   when   you   hold   the   blue   button .   it   always   turns   on   when   you   need   it   to .   that   s   about   all   i   need   for   a   hair   dryer ,   and   this   does   it .
good   buy   it   s   hot   but   not   burn   your   hair   hot ,   and   powerful .   it   s   definitely   worth   buying
get   the   more   expensive   conair   dryer ,   not   this   one !   i   agree   with   all   the   criticisms   of   this   dryer   plus   one   more .   adjustable   huh   you   can   adjust   your   height   under   it   but   no   instructions   and   no   intuitive   way   to   adjust   the   hight   of   the   dryer .   i   have   the   more   expensive   conair   model   as   well   and   made   the   mistake   of   buying   this   one   to   keep   at   my   kids   house   for   when   i   visit .
the   best   dryer   ever   my   first   yellow   bird   lasted   over   7   years   and   plenty   of   use   by   myself   and   friends .   the   best   dryer   ever .   this   new   one   works   just   as   well ,   though   i   don   t   think   i   ll   loan   this   one   out   so   it   might   last   longer .
five   stars   good   quality   and   right   price .
four   stars   nice   and   powerful ,   strong   wall   anchoring
two   stars   stopped   working   after   only   7   months  
one   star   the   motor   blew   out   after   a   year   and   a   half
not   for   thick   hair   i   returned   mine .   i   got   it   to   take   with   me   to   the   gym   to   dry   my   hair   after   a   sweaty   workout   and   it   was   not   powerful   enough   for   my   thick   hair .   i   get   it ,   its   a   travel   size   so   it   wont   be   as   powerful   as   the   regular   one   but   still ,   it   was   useless   for   me .
does   the   job   so   far ,   a   very   nice   dryer   for   the   price .
don   t   buy   it ! ! ! !   i   ve   bought   this   hair   dryer   for   international   travel .   it   is   very   small ,   cute   and   light   as   shown   in   the   picture .   however ,   it   has   one   big   problem   which   is   that   it   overheats   and   completely   stops   working   after   a   few   minutes   which   makes   it   useless ....   i   guess   it   overheats   but   i   can   only   partially   dry   my   hair   which   is   not   why   i   bought   it .
five   stars   love   it !
cord   is   too   stiff .   i   would   have   expected   the   ...   cord   is   too   stiff .   i   would   have   expected   the   cord   to   be   supple .   alas ,   the   cord   behaves   as   if   it   s   frozen   even   at   a   temperature   of   84   degrees   f .
not   comfortable   to   sit   under   very   noisy ! ! !   not   comfortable   to   sit   under .   was   trying   to   replace   one   the   was   30   to   40   years   old .   we   all   know   they   dont   make   things   like   they   use   to .
three   stars   my   mother   uses   ever   day
bought   my   first   one   with   a   gift   card   and   loved   at   it   at   first   if   i   could   give   this   product   a   negative   i   would .   bought   my   first   one   with   a   gift   card   and   loved   at   it   at   first ,   it   great   power   and   heat .   it   lasted   about   6   months   before   it   started   cutting   out .   i   contacted   the   seller ,   but   i   was   beyond   what   they   would   cover .   then   i   contacted   the   distributor   who   said   34   no   problem ,   send   back   the   defective   product   and   we   will   replace   it .   34   neat ,   sent   it   back   at   my   cost   .   receive   the   replacement   pretty   quickly ,   yay !   sadly   about   6   months   later   i   had   the   same   issue   with   the   new   one   cutting   out ,   no   power .   not   sure   it   is   worth   contacting   the   distributor   again   so   i   can   pay   to   send   it   back   for   a   new   replacement   that   might   last   another   6   month .   done .
timer   knob   broke   in   less   than   6   months !   i   bought   this   hooded   dryer   because   i   do   roller   sets   deep   conditioning   treatments   weekly .   at   at   first ,   i   was   really   happy   with   my   purchase   the   dryer   is   quiet ,   and   dries   my   hair   quickly .   however ,   less   than   6   months   later ,   the   timer   knob   breaks !   i   tried   super   glue ,   to   mend   the   knob ,   but   that   didn   t   work   so   this   dryer   is   useless   now .   i   cannot   set   the   time   turn   it   on ,   without   that   knob   so   i   can   t   use   the   dryer .   i   m   extremely   disappointed   in   the   quality   item   and   i   basically   feel   like   i   threw   100   in   the   trash .   br   br   i   can   t   remember   if   this   dryer   came   with   a   warranty ,   but   if   i   could   give   the   timer   knob   replaced   i   would   rate   this   product   higher   for   now   it   s   non   functional .
strong   plastic   smell   unlike   another   conair   i   bought   from   amazon   years   ago ,   this   one   has   a   cheap   plastic   smell   that   makes   you   worried   that   you   might   be   touching   something   toxic .   to   add   insult   to   injury ,   the   purple   plastic   of   the   iron   is   not   the   slick   metallic   looking   plastic   from   the   packaging ,   but   rather   a   gaudy   looking   pageant   queen   light   purple .
five   stars   great   product   exactly   what   i   expected
five   stars   excellent   dryer ,   good   quality
five   stars   good   but   can   not   use   in   some   asian   countries   due   to   the   voltage   difference .
majorly   meh   the   bristles   on   the   brush   attachment   are   too   soft   to   pull   my   hair   strongly   enough   so   that   it   straightens   nicely .   also ,   the   drier   can   t   handle   the   highest   strength   heat   setting .
good   buy ! ! ! !   just   perfect ! !
four   stars   good   price
great   purchase .   love   this   purchase .   the   heat   is   just   right ,   not   too   hot .   it   sits   easily   in   the   holder .   it   has   two   speeds   which   is   nice .   it   great   not   to   have   to   dig   the   hair   dryer   out   of   drawer ,   it   s   convenient   to   have   it   right   on   the   wall .
i   really   wanted   more   speeds   as   it   turns   out .   ...   i   really   wanted   more   speeds   as   it   turns   out .   not   very   powerful .   i   gave   it   to   my   husband   who   doesn   t   have   much   hair .
not   for   travel   after   all   it   was   much   larger   than   i   expected   as   it   was   to   be   used   for   travel .
five   stars   muy   bien
very   much   satisfied   it   is   the   best .   the   strength   of   the   wind   is   amezing .   it   is   light   weight .   it   came   at   the   right   time   and   i   would   recommend   to   everyone   who   wants   to   buy   it .
glad   i   bought   it .   perfect   size   with   right   amount   of   power .   i   have   very   short   hair   and   travel   often ,   this   is   the   perfect   balance   for   power   and   size .
five   stars   love   it  
its   a   really   great   dryer .   it   smooths   my   hair   as   it   dries   its   a   really   great   dryer .   it   smooths   my   hair   as   it   dries .   my   hair   looks   and   feels   like   i   just   left   the   salon   every   time .
i   guess   sometimes   you   do   get   what   you   pay   for   in   a   bad   way .   i   thought   this   would   be   easier   to   use   than   a   conventional   hair   dryer   that   blows   my   hair   around   a   bit   too   much .   my   mother   had   a   similar   looking   hair   dryer   many   years   ago   and   i   thought   this   would   work   just   as   well   for   quick   styling ,   avoiding   the   need   to   blow   dry   using   a   brush .   i   was   wrong .   this   is   very   hard   to   handle ,   hard   to   use   to   style   your   hair   well ,   my   hair   and   worse ,   the   motor   sounds   sick .   it   makes   a   kind   of   lame   vroom   vroom   sound   like   it   can   t   quite   decide   it   wants   to   be   running .   i   should   have   known   i   would   not   get   much   quality   for   this   price   but   i   didn   t   think   it   would   be   quite   so   awful .   i   will   probably   donate   it   to   goodwill ,   as   i   think   it   might   be   functional ,   but   it   does   not   do   what   i   wanted .
conair   i   love   this   hair   dryer   with   all   of   the   setting   it   is   great   for   my   hair . so   if   you   are   looking   for   a   good   hair   dryer   this   would   be   it .
great   product   love   it .   powerful   and   totally   worth   the   price .   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time .
a   very   best   buy   at   7.99   free   shipping ,   ptl   for   just   7.99   free   shipping   without   even   buying   over   35.00   this   is   another   very   best   buy ,   praise   the   lord !   sturdy ,   powerful ,   and   comes   with   2   attachments   that   i   don   t   need   ,   and   the   lowest   price   anywhere   online   or   anywhere   i   know   of   for   this   level   of   dryer   blower .   it   has   two   speeds   with   low   and   high   heat ,   and   a   cool   switch ,   which ,   like   other   ones   i   have   tried   still   blows   some   warm   air ,   not   the   ambient   temp .   these   run   off   120v   ac ,   which   is   needed   for   the   heating   element ,   though   i   assume   that   like   other   ones   inside   is   a   12v   dc   blower   motor .   these   likely   do   not   cost   much   to   make ,   but   some   can   be   very   expensive .   why   pay   more  
just   okay   i   was   really   excited   about   this   hairdryer   and   it   s   retractable   cord ,   but   it   really   hasn   t   lived   up   to   the   original   excitement .   as   a   hairdryer ,   it   s   just   okay .   it   s   no   better   than   the   one   i   used   before ,   but   it   does ,   of   course ,   serve   its   purpose .   although   the   cord   does   retract ,   sometimes   it   doesn   t   retract   all   the   way .   overall ,   it   s   not   a   bad   dryer .   i   was   just   hoping   for   more .
three   stars   its   good
great !   works   great !   i   recommend   it !
the   wife   is   happy !   this   was   a   replacement   for   my   older   oster   wall   mount   hair   dryer .   installation   was   a   breeze ,   even   mounted   on   my   old   wall   bracket .   br   the   wife   is   happy !
one   star   useless
two   stars   way   too   loud   and   large   for   travel .   returned   it   as   soon   as   it   arrived .
one   star   could   never   get   the   wattage   adjusted   cracked   the   handle   before   it   was   used .
four   stars   good ,   steady   product   so   far .   only   concern   is   the   weight .   bit   heavy .
three   stars   cap   is   too   small   to   put   over   my   rollers .
great   buy   purchased   for   my   wife ,   and   she   loves   it .
the   bomb !   the   bomb ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   i   have   thick   hair   and   at   41   yrs   old   been   looking ,   for   years ,   for   a   blow   dryer   that   blows   alot   of   air .   bingo ,   found   it !   love   love   love   this   dryer ! ! !
did   not   last   very   long   this   hair   dryer   only   lasted   a   couple   of   months   before   it   died   on   me .   pretty   disappointed   it   didn   t   last   very   long   because   it   was   a   great   blow   dryer   when   it   worked .
good   for   price   good   price
five   stars   good   product   and   delivery   was   performed   as   expected
two   stars   broke   very   quickly
three   stars   a   little   big   for   me .   hard   to   carry   with   travel
john   frizzy   hair   dryer   i   purchased   this   at   the   local   cvs .   it   s   supposed   to   make   your   hair   soft .   it   burned   my   hair   and   made   the   ends   knotted   and   frizzy .   someone   else   on   here   said   that   it   knotted   their   hair ,   too .   i   m   so   surprised   at   all   the   positive   reviews .   the   button   placements   are   terribly   designed .   it   s   heavy .   the   air   on   low   is   not   low .   and   the   low   heat   is   too   hot .   now   i   have   to   get   a   trim   to   get   rid   of   the   frizzy   ends !   very   frustrating .
this   is   a   great   portable   hair   dryer   this   is   a   great   portable   hair   dryer .   my   hair   is   fine   and   can   dry   out   from   some   dryers ,   but   this   one   is   really   a   good   product .   i   love   the   combination   of   ionic   and   ceramic   technology ,   which   i   really   need   for   my   hair .   i   can   keep   the   frizzies   out ,   and   my   hair   dries   quickly   without   drying   out .   blow   drying   is   so   much   easier .   i   am   really   picky   about   blow   dryers   and   my   hair ,   so   i   am   not   being   frivolous   here .   this   dryer   is   a   keeper !   so   convenient   for   travel !
great   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   this   is   a   very   reliable   hair   dryer   and   perfect   for   me   by   being   wall   mounted .   much   easier   to   use   when   you   have   hand   problems   and   strength   limits .
it   works   fine   till   now   it   works   fine   till   now .   the   only   reason   i   give   only   4   stars   because   the   light   that   is   a   bit   annoying .   there   is   no   option   to   turn   it   off   when   not   in   need .
awesome   blow   dryer !   awesome   dryer !   it   s   fast   and   efficient   with   less   noise   than   my   old   conair   dryer !   fast   shipping   was   a   plus !
two   stars   not   adjustable .   my   neck   hurts .
get   this   one   this   is   an   excellent   hair   dryer   and   really   feels   like   it   will   last   a   long   time .   very   high   quality   and   well   worth   the   money .   only   gripe   is   the   toggle   switches   are   a   tiny   bit   too   short   small   for   me   to   hit   with   one   handed   operation   but   thats   just   me .   this   is   a   must   buy   if   you   are   in   the   market   for   a   decent   hair   dryer   that   isn   t   too   expensive .   mm
mounting   was   easy   as   reviews   have   stated   and   it   is   very   strong   ...   does   well   so   far   on   high   speed   but   has   overheated   and   shut   off   twice   on   low   speed .   mounting   was   easy   as   reviews   have   stated   and   it   is   very   strong   on   high   but   it   probably   should   be   a   single   speed .   the   night   light   is   nice   to   have   in   the   bathroom .   overall   i   m   happy   with   it   but   you   may   be   disappointed   if   the   low   speed   is   important   to   you .
so   far   so   good   purchased   another   one   of   these   hair   dryers   as   the   older   one   was   dying .   so   far   so   good   but   the   life   of   these   things   seems   to   be   around   12   months .
i   have   coarse   thick   hair ... but   not   when   i   dry   can   not   enough   about .   thought   it   was   all   bs   about   the   ionic ,   tourmaline   and   ceramic   features   really   having   that   much   of   an   effect .   omg   it   is   so   true .   i   only   tried   this   blow   dryer   because   i   wasn   t   gonna   spend   good   money   on   some   features   that   probably   are   false .   even   me   going   cheap   worked .   do   not   waste   your   money   on   more   powerful   expensive   brands .   this   will   get   the   job   done .   you   should   never   use   above   1800w   anyhow .   don   t   forget   to   use   cool   burst   all   over   head   after   drying   as   well .   miracle   worker .   br   br   my   hair   usually   takes   40   minutes   plus   with   no   brushing ,   which   makes   it   take   way   longer .   br   my   previous   dryer   had   way   more   w   and   blew   harder .   br   this   dryer   takes   my   hair   10   15   minutes   maybe   with   brushing   it   out .   br   my   hair   is   soft   and   semi   sleek .   br   br   my   hair   is   extra   coarse ,   dry ,   frizzy   and   thick .   this   dryer   made   my   hair   wonderful .   i   was   able   to   do   things   to   my   hair   that   i   never   have   before   because   of   it .   so   in   love .
three   stars   worked   great   while   it   lasted   which   was   less   than   a   year .
one   star   i   need   to   exchange   it   for   another   hair   dryer
three   stars   space   saver   for   sure .   a   bit   loud   and   dryer   opening   is   small .
four   stars   this   dryer   works   great ,   and   i   really   like   the   diffuser   attachment .   great   buy   for   the   price .
five   stars   great   price !
five   stars   highly   recommend ! ! ! i   can   even   repair   your   hair ! ! !
easy   to   handle   performs   as   expected .   easy   to   handle .
good   heat   control   light   weight ,   relatively   quiet ,   good   heat   control .   this   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   ve   owned   in   a   long   time .
great   blow   dryer   this   blow   dryer   is   great .   i   had   a   remington   i   bought   about   6   years   ago   and   it   finally   died   a   couple   weeks   ago .   i   wanted   a   replacement   that   was   low   energy   but   just   as   good   at   drying .   this   thing   is   even   better   than   the   last   remington   i   had .   blows   faster ,   dries   quicker ,   uses   less   electricity ,   and   is   way   lighter   and   smaller .   very   impressed .
i   am   very   satisfied   with   the   product   i   am   very   satisfied   with   the   product ,   arrived   in   very   good   time ,   very   well   protected   ..   and   in   terms   of   quality ,   i   think   is   very   good   ...   thank   you   very   much   and   i   hope   that   more   people   buy   it   ...   it   really   is   very   good .
hair   dryer   is   not   genuine   it   s   fake ,   bogus ,   counterfeit ,   garbage ,   junk   not   authentic   do   not   buy !   yes ,   i   was   tricked   into   leaving   a   good   review   so   that   i   would   qualify   for   a   replacement   if   the   hair   dryer   broke   within   2   years .   now   that   i   ve   had   a   while   to   use   it ,   i   found   out   it   s   junk ,   counterfeit ,   bogus ,   fake ,   garbage ,   etc .   it   is   definitely   not   a   genuine   t3   hair   dryer !   i   pulled   out   my   original   t3   which   makes   a   funny   noise   now ,   but   it   drys   my   hair   in   1   2   the   time   that   this   new   phony   one   does .   my   daughter   also   has   a   authentic   t3   and   when   she   came   to   visit ,   she   used   my   new   one .   she   immediately   knew   something   was   wrong   with   it   and   in   fact   got   really   angry   because   it   dryed   her   hair   so   slowly   she   was   late   going   out   that   night .   amazon   really   needs   to   put   a   stop   to   people   to   obviously   sell   horrible   knock   offs !   these   people   will   eventually   give   amazon   a   bad   name   and   people   will   refrain   from   using   their   site   to   order   things .   convenience   will   mean   nothing   if   the   products   are   worthless .   if   you   have   to   again   buy   another   hair   dryer ,   you   ve   ended   up   spending   much   more   than   going   to   a   reputable   store .
good   buy !   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   as   a   replacement   for   an   older   conair .   she   loves   the   speed   and   heat   choices .   very   light   and   easy   to   use .   also   very   easy   to   clean   by   removing   the   intake   cover   for   the   motor .   some   attachments   included   is   a   plus .
  3   it ! ! !   love   it ! ! !
five   stars   no   comment
it   s   still   running   great ,   and   for   the   price   i   ve   had   this   hairdryer   for   three   years   now .   it   s   still   running   great ,   and   for   the   price ,   i   think   it   s   a   great   dryer .   i   have   thick ,   coarse ,   wavy   hair .   during   the   time   i   ve   owned   this   dryer   i   ve   had   hairstyles   shorter   than   my   ears   and   hairstyles   all   the   way   to   my   waist .   the   choices   between   hot ,   warm ,   cold ,   and   high   and   low   flow   have   made   it   versatile   through   all   my   haircuts .   it   s   one   of   the   fastest   dryers   i   ve   used ,   and   on   high ,   the   air   has   a   strong ,   fast   flow .   on   hot ,   it   gets   truly   hot .   but   i   ve   never   had   to   worry   about   overheating .   the   cold   shot   is   cold .   my   only   dissatisfaction   is   with   the   claim   that   it   s   an   ionic   hairdryer .   they   must   have   put   a   tiny   amount   of   ceramic   or   tourmaline   into   the   unit   to   claim   that   it   s   ionic   it   does   not   affect   it   s   performance .   but   other   than   that   i   ve   really   appreciated   it   s   reliability .   for   the   price ,   it   s   great .
no   power .   combs   and   brushes   were   not   right   for   ...   no   power .   combs   and   brushes   were   not   right   for   my   hair .   the   ends   of   the   combs   were   sharp   and   hurt   my   scalp .   br   br   unusable ,   should   have   returned   it ,   but   i   threw   away   the   box .
great   travel   hair   dryer   used   this   on   a   3   week   vacation   to   europe .   it   worked   great .   no   issues .
great   hair   dryer   with   plenty   of   power   great   hair   dryer   with   plenty   of   power ,   however   not   recommended   if   the   selling   feature   for   you   is   the   retractable   cord   as   this   aspect   of   the   product   did   not   last   long ...   maybe   a   dozen   times   if   that   .   otherwise ,   recommended ,   great   price   for   a   great   product   i   ve   had   it   nearly   3   months   at   this   point   and   will   update   if   it   breaks   within   a   year   .
lightweight   and   easy   to   hold   and   use   the   conair   1875   watt   cord   keeper   is ,   well ,   a   keeper .   after   several   years   with   heavy   ceramic   hair   dryers   with   winding   the   cord   after   use ,   the   conair   is   a   breath   of   fresh   air .   the   cord   itself   is   very   easy   to   take   out   and   retract .   making   it   pretty   much   usable   with   any   plug   in   our   bathroom   vanity .   when   you   turn   it   on ,   you   notice   how   quiet   it   is   compared   to   your   past   hair   dryers .   comes   in   handy   when   your   spouse   may   be   sleeping   in   while   you   get   ready   in   the   morning .   how   well   does   it   work   longer ,   thicker   hair   seems   to   dry   much   faster   and   with   it   s   lightweight   use ,   it   is   much   easier   to   sustain   longer   positions   when   drying   thicker   hair .   the   three   temperature   settings   are   nice   and   really   easy   to   get   to   with   one   hand .   with   the   retractable   cord ,   ease   of   use   and   the   lightweight   features   of   this ,   i   can   highly   recommend   it .
five   stars   love   the   retractable   cord .   haven   t   had   a   problem   with   it   yet .
three   stars   thanks   to   all
best   of   the   best !   i   m   a   hairstylist   and   this   is   my   go   to   hair   dryer   in   the   salon   and   at   home !   it   s   the   best ! !   well   worth   the   money !   my   last   one   lasted   over   5   years   and   i   work   6   days   a   week  
this   didn   t   dry   my   hair   any   faster   or   better   then   my   cheap   30   revlon   dryer   and   i   have   ...   i   don   t   understand   the   positive   reviews .   maybe   i   got   a   melon   this   didn   t   dry   my   hair   any   faster   or   better   then   my   cheap   30   revlon   dryer   and   i   have   thin   hair .   it   just   made   me   sick   with   the   plastic   fumes   it   emitted .   i   returned   this   immediately .
three   stars   not   the   best   dryer   i   ve   ever   used   but ,   for   the   price ,   i   can   t   complain .
five   stars   love   it !
my   daughter   is   a   cosmetologist   and   she   was   very   happy   to   receive   this   as   an   early   christmas   gift   and   ...   my   daughter   is   a   cosmetologist   and   she   was   very   happy   to   receive   this   as   an   early   christmas   gift   and   business   investment   of   course .
this   is   a   great   dryer .   i   have   very   long   hair   this   is   a   great   dryer .   i   have   very   long   hair ,   and   it   used   to   take   about   20   minutes   to   get   it   dry .   this   dryer   gets   me   out   of   the   bathroom   in   about   half   that   time .
used   this   and   seems   to   do   fine .   i   only   wish   it   had   a   little   more   ...   used   this   and   seems   to   do   fine .   i   only   wish   it   had   a   little   more   of   a   powerful   blow .   may   order   one   for   my   daughter .   great   price   and   quality .
five   stars   bought   as   a   christmas   present ....
exactly   what   i   wanted   love   it !   cuts   my   drying   time   in   half .
but   overall   it   works   great .   it   is   a   little   loud ,   but   overall   it   works   great .
four   stars   i   really   like   this   blow   dryer !   doesn   t   frizz   hair !
five   stars   bought   this   for   my   mom ,   she   loves   it ! !   and   arrived   very   promptly   and   packaged   very   well .
three   stars   the   attachments   don   t   stay   on   too   well   and   the   cord   is   really   short .
five   stars   good   product
five   stars   excellent   product   and   great   seller
conair   cord   keeper   hair   dryer   i   had   to   replace   my   old   conair   that   finally   quit   on   me .   i   like   that   this   one   has   a   folding   handle   and   a   retractable   cord   for   easy   packing   if   you   are   traveling .   i   have   always   trusted   conair   s   products   and   this   one   is   great .
i   love   it !   so   convenient   on   the   wall ! ! !   this   is   my   second   one ,   i   love   it !
i   will   buy   this   again   great   for   thick ,   curly   hair   best   hair   dryer   i   have   found   in   a   while .   it   is   light   weight ,   dries   my   thick ,   curly   hair   quickly ,   and   it   does   a   good   job   of   not   causing   frizz .
five   stars   light   and   easy   to   use .   very   good   product
my   wife   is   happy   with   the   product   my   wife   is   happy   with   the   product .   seems   to   be   content .   only   issue   honestly .   easy   to   install   but   the   instructions   are   horrible .   could   of   been   done   in   5   minutes   but   was   confused   with   the   pole   connection .   it   s   more   than   just   meeting   both   parts   together .   someone   can   damage   the   piece   easily .
not   hot   enough   it   s   not   as   hot   as   previous   dryers   i   ve   owned .   it   s   held   up   for   over   a   year ,   so   i   m   not   going   to   pan   it   altogether ,   but   i   wouldn   t   recommend   or   buy   it   again .
bought   as   a   travel   dryer ,   but   it   s   so   light   ...   bought   as   a   travel   dryer ,   but   it   s   so   light   and   powerful   that   i   use   it   at   home   every   day  
easy   to   handle   and   not   heavy   dries   quickly   without   34   drying   out   34   my   hair .   easy   to   handle   and   not   heavy .
bonnet   too   tight ,   otherwise ,   excellent .   bonnet   too   tight ,   otherwise ,   excellent .   the   bonnet   has   an   adjustable   elastic ,   but   it   is   so   tight   that   there   is   no   way   that   one   would   adjust   it   even   further .   it   hurt   my   forehead ,   because   it   was   so   tight .   what   i   did   was   cut   the   elastic ,   and   then   just   set   the   bonnet   on   my   head   loosely ,   and   it   works   perfectly .   nice   steady   hot   and   warm   options .   and   high   and   low .   so ,   had   the   bonnet   not   been   an   issue ,   i   woudl   have   given   this   5   stars .   must   have   been   tiny ,   tiny   heads   when   they   designed   it !
small ,   powerful   and   effective .   strong   air   flow .   ...   small ,   powerful   and   effective .   strong   air   flow .   sure ,   the   bearings   get   a   little   noisy   but   doesn   t   affect   the   performance .
four   stars   love   hot   tools   but   this   one   is   not   turbo .   still   very   good   product ,   doesn   t   hurt   your   hair .
five   stars   works   great ! ! !
i   ve   always   loved   soft   bonnet   hair   dryers   i   ve   always   loved   soft   bonnet   hair   dryers ,   the   flexibility   and   convenience   is   fantastic .   i   enjoy   being   able   to   sit   on   my   bed ,   use   my   smartphone   while   my   hair   is   drying .   it   s   really   great   and   awesome   engineering .
the   hair   dryer   is   just   what   i   wanted ! !   ...   the   hair   dryer   is   just   what   i   wanted ! ! !   could   not   believe   the   improvements   made   to   hair   dryers   since   i   purchased   the   last   one   15   or   so   years   ago .
a   must   have   hair   dryer   for   any   bathroom !   the   oster   dryer   came   early   and   was   exactly   what   i   had   ordered .   i   can   not   live   without   a   wall   mounted   dryer ,   because   they   are   so   convenient   and   handy   to   use .   i   have   had   several   of   the   dryers ,   but   i   wish   they   would   last   longer   than   one   year .   perhaps   i   use   mine   more   than   normal .
short   review .   pros   price   cons   build   quality ,   way   bigger   size   and   noise
not   powerful .   very   quick   delivery ,   product   is   not   as   good   as   i   expected .   not   very   powerful ,   although   it   does   dry   hair   fast .   i   figured   the   watts   at   1875   would   be   as   strong   as   my   old   conair .   wouldn   t   purchase   again  
you   get   what   you   pay   for ,   i   guess .   this   dryer   is   compact   and   worked   fine   for   the   first   two   months .   after   that   the   motor   started   going   really   slowly   and   essentially   it   can   only   be   used   on   the   high   setting   now ,   which   barely   goes   as   fast   as   the   low   setting   used   to .   of   course ,   amazon   only   allows   refunds   for   the   first   month .   a   waste   of   money ,   since   i   like   drying   my   hair   on   high .   it   hasn   t   completely   died   yet   6   months   later   ,   but   i   m   not   optimistic .   also ,   i   took   this   to   europe ,   since   it   s   adaptable   to   both   125   and   250   volts ,   and   it   was   extremely   difficult   to   change   the   setting   from   one   to   the   other .   when   i   turned   it   on   in   england ,   after   changing   the   voltage   indicator ,   it   shorted   out   our   us   uk   plug   adapter   and   didn   t   work   at   all .   so   i   m   not   convinced   that   it   actually   does   change   between   voltages .   br   br   update   12   18   14   it   s   dead ,   jim .  
easy   to   use   and   i   am   able   to   dry   my   ...   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for !   it   folds   in   half   for   maximum   storage !   easy   to   use   and   i   am   able   to   dry   my   long   hair   within   minutes !
loved   this   compact   hair   dryer   loved   this   compact   hair   dryer .   i   keep   it   in   my   gym   bag .   nice   quality   and   air   blows   great ,   like   options .   best   deal   for   the   price .
limited   settings   only   lasted   a   year .   update ... the   hair   dryer   slowly   died   after   one   year   of   use .   not   surprising   since   it   only   had   two   settings   kinda   powerful   and   very   powerful .   it   was   good   for   quickly   drying   my   hair ,   but   would   leave   my   hair   frizzy   sometimes   and   was   a   pain   for   styling .   i   mostly   used   it   when   traveling .   i   was   also   never   happy   with   the   plastic   wall   mount   because   it   cracked   and   the   hair   dryer   sometimes   falls   out .
impressed   but   short   lived   this   was   a   an   ok   product .   stopped   working   after   about   5   months   of   use
buyer   beware   of   warranty   stipulations   i   bought   this   for   my   girlfriend   last   year   for   christmas .   a   little   less   than   a   year   later   the   hair   dryer   s   motor   has   malfunctioned .   i   called   up   the   manufacturer ,   since   it   has   a   one   year   manufacturers   warranty ,   and   was   told   that   they   would   replace   it   if   i   paid   for   the   item   to   be   shipped   back   and   paid   a   10   warranty   replacement   fee .   i   as   the   consumer   should   not   have   to   pay   for   the   warranty   of   a   product   that   failed   to   even   last   a   year .   other   buyers ,   please   be   aware   of   this   companies   horrible   warranty   service .
great   design ,   compact   and   nice   features ....   i   love   the   folding   handle ,   retractable   cord   and   compact   design .   however ,   mine   was   a   rare   anomaly   because   it   overheated   and   the   opening   started   to   contort   slightly   like   it   was   melting .   had   to   return ,   but   i   will   buy   another   one ,   because   i   don   t   think   this   was   the   norm .
the   blow   dryer   came   before   the   scheduled   date   i   love   this   blow   dryer   and   it   arrived   quickly ,   the   item   was   exactly   what   i   order .   i   am   pleased   with   this !
wonderful   dryer !   this   is   great   blow   dryer .   heat   and   speed   setting   are   wonderful .   i   have   past   shoulder   length   hair ,   set   it   on   half   heat ,   dries   within   7   minutes   and   not   frizzy !
simple   hair   dryer   it   s   what   i   would   expect   from   a   25   dollar   hair   dryer .   not   many   extra ,   but   does   the   job .
four   stars   it   works   well
mighty   mite ! !   this   dry   works   very   well   for   drying   ladies   hair .   it   is   small   but   powerful .   highly   recommend   for   travel   use .
best   blow   dryer   on   the   market   from   what   i   can   ...   best   blow   dryer   on   the   market   from   what   i   can   tell .   the   first   one   of   these   died   on   me   after   5   years   of   daily   use .   i   did   not   hesitate   to   buy   another   one .   my   thick   hair   is   lustrous   and   bouncy .
five   stars   love   this   blow   dryer   works   great ! ! ! ! ! !
broken .   product   just   decided   to   stop   working   after   a   few   years .   never   dropped   it   and   kept   it   in   good   condition .   i   m   guessing   maybe   the   thing   overheated  
my   daughter   will   grow   with   this   one   great   packaging   and   quick   shipping .   i   love   that   the   settings   are   not   too   hot   and   the   low   speed   is   perfectly   low ,   even   for   a   toddler .   the   high   speed   will   do   when   she   gets   older ,   i   m   sure .
five   stars   best   hair   dryer   ever .
good   value   but   crummy   dryer   good   value   but   crummy   dryer .   doesn   t   get   very   hot   but   it   isn   t   too   noisy ... it   was   cheap   so   didn   t   have   super   high   expectations .
i   wanted   to   like   it ...   i   really   wanted   to   like   this   especially   when   it   arrived   super   fast   within   24   hours   of   ordering   .   sadly ,   the   cord   was   short ,   and   it   was   difficult   to   hold   and   use   without   accidentally   switching   the   buttons .   it   left   my   hair   feeling   like   straw .   time   to   try   another !
five   stars   love   it
good   hairdryer ,   but   best   for   short   or   fine   hair .   first   the   positive   this   hairdryer   is   just   the   right   weight ,   not   so   heavy   that   your   arm   gets   tired   during   blow   drying   and   not   too   light   either .   the   color   of   the   model   i   got   is   a   sort   of   shimmering   raspberry   and   is   beautiful .   the   cord   keeper   feature   is   also   pretty   handy   and   so   far ,   after   using   this   dryer   every   day   for   almost   a   week   works   well .   it   gets   moderately   warm   and   has   a   somewhat   ok   power .   i   definitely   wouldn   t   call   it   ultra   powerful .   i   have   another   hairdryer   at   home   which   is   a   little   more   powerful .   it   dries   my   shoulder   length   hair ,   start   to   finish   in   around   10   minutes .   this   conair   dryer   is   not   hot   enough   or   powerful   enough   to   do   that   and   has   taken   almost   20   minutes   everyday   to   dry   my   hair .   br   this   hairdryer   is   perfectly   ok   if   you   have   shortish ,   or   fine   hair   and   are   not   in   a   rush .   i   will   use   it   on   weekends   or   evenings ,   but   i   don   t   want   to   get   up   10   15   minutes   earlier   in   the   morning   to   get   my   hair   dried .
five   stars   great   product
well ,   i   purchased   this   item   just   for   weatherizing   my   ...   well ,   i   purchased   this   item   just   for   weatherizing   my   windows   and   it   worked   for   that .
i   ordered   more   than   one !   a   great   hairdryer .
can   t   beat   the   price   can   t   beat   the   10   price !   i   was   looking   for   a   new   hair   dryer ,   and   this   was   one   of   the   3   choices   i   had .   the   other   one   was   also   remington   30   ,   and   the   third   was   from   another   brand   for   around   60 .   i   m   not   a   fan   of   yellow   color ,   so   this   was   one   thing   keeping   me   from   getting   this   hair   dryer   when   i   was   looking   at   it ,   it   cost   around   20   .   however ,   next   day   the   price   went   to   10 ,   and   i   didn   t   have   to   think   much   as   the   specifications   were   exactly   as   what   i   was   looking   for .   after   trying   the   hair   dryer ,   i   can   only   say   the   best   things   it   works   perfectly !
sparks   or   clanks   and   dies .   first   one   shot   out   sparks   and   died   after   about   two   years   of   usage ,   not   a   bad   run   but   a   frightening   end ..   i   loved   the   size   so   had   purchased   a   second   34   back   up   34   soon   after   buying   the   original .   put   the   backup   in   service   about   six   months   ago   and   the   blower   on   that   one   started   sounding   odd   recently ,   today   it   made   a   loud   noise   and   a   piece   fell   off   inside .   i   m   about   to   shop   for   another   brand ..
great   for   price   bought   this   for   my   little   girl   8yr   old   to   be   able   to   dry   hair   on   her   own .   it   is   the   perfect   weight ,   it   is   cute ,   it   perfectly   in   her   little   hands ,   she   loves   it .   it   doesn   t   have   a   guard   like   my   conair   does   to   keep   the   hair   from   being   sucked   in   the   back   of   it   most   women   know   what   i   mean   but   it   is   well   worth   the   price   esp   will   all   the   other   attachments   included .
five   stars   convient
four   stars   works   well .. no   issues .
tiny   and   powerful   purchased   to   take   to   mexico   and   it   is   quite   powerful   for   a   tiny   dryer !   doesn   t   take   up   much   suitcase   space .
heating   element   dies   quickly   do   not   buy   this   hair   dryer !   i   purchased   one   just   over   a   year   ago ,   and   the   heating   element   died   after   6   months   and   i   don   t   even   use   it   daily   .   not   being   a   fast   learner ,   i   bough   the   same   dryer ,   and   guess   what   6   months   later ,   the   heating   element   died .   br   br   fool   me   once ,   shame   on   you .   fool   me   twice ,   shame   on   me .   i   will   not   be   purchasing   another   revlon   dyer   again .
nice   dryer   this   is   a   nice   hair   dryer ,   but   as   hard   as   i   ve   tried   to   figure   out   why   it   s   a   130   hair   dryer ,   i   just   can   t   find   the   value .   br   br   i   have   pretty   short   hair   and   don   t   use   a   dryer   that   often ,   so   i   admit   that   i   m   not   the   target   market .   but   my   wife   has   very   thick   long   hair   and   uses   a   blow   dryer   every   time   she   washes   her   hair .   i   ve   kept   a   close   eye   on   her   hair   since   she   started   using   this   dryer   and   i   can   t   detect   any   difference   either .   so   i   asked   her   directly ,   would   you   pay   130   for   this   no ,   she   wouldn   t .   she   said   that   it   s   not   much   different   than   her   40   dryer .   br   br   i   like   the   fact   that   there   are   two   independent   controls   temp   and   air   speed .   that   s   nice .   i   also   like   the   fact   that   you   can   override   the   heat   and   blast   cold   air   on   demand .   that   s   a   great   touch .   br   br   but   as   far   as   the   moisturizing   and   conditioning   aspects ,   i   can   t   detect   them   at   all .   i   m   not   typically   such   a   skeptic ,   but   when   a   product   costs   substantially   more   than   the   everyday   version   that   i   ve   been   using   for   years ,   i   need   to   somehow   be   convinced   and   wowed   that   the   product   is   really   worth   paying   so   much   more .   unfortunately ,   i   wasn   t   wowed   by   this   dryer .
i   am   for   the   most   part   happy   with   my   purchase   especially   for   the   price   of   20   ...   although   i   m   wary   that   the   dryer   may   go   out   in   the   next   8   10   months   or   start   to   develop   a   strange   scent   per   previous   reviews   here   and   on   other   sites   ,   i   am   for   the   most   part   happy   with   my   purchase   especially   for   the   price   of   20   for   a   hair   dryer   that   is   still   being   sold   in   ulta   and   other   stores   for   up   to   55 .   the   dryer   does   have   side   buttons ,   which   for   many   people   was   an   issue ,   but   the   dryer   i   had   prior   had   the   same   feature   and   it   doesn   t   get   in   my   way   now   as   it   didn   t   then .   the   hair   dryer   is   light   medium   weight .   the   swivel   cord   hasn   t   been   an   issue   for   me   either .   this   is   after   1   use   but   i   believe   it   is   going   to   work   out   wonderfully .   br   also   note   make   sure   you   dry   your   hair   1   2   inches   away   from   the   hair   itself   or   else   this   or   any   dryer   will   burn   out   quicker   than   it   normally   would !  
nanoe   tech ..   maybe   i   was   definitely   skeptical   of   the   claims   of   this   dryer   s   nanoe   technology .   but   surprisingly ,   my   hair   feels   smoother   and   more   conditioned   than   normal   as   if   i   used   extra   conditioner   or   just   done   a   treatment   .   the   dryer   dries   quickly   with   strong   blast   without   being   too   noisy .   it   looks   sleek   and ,   despite   the   size ,   doesn   t   feel   overly   heavy .   the   weight   is   well   balanced .   the   cold   blast   feature   works   as   expected .   the   issues   i   had   was   with   the   sliding   button   controls   which   can   be   a   little   stiff .   also ,   i   have   straight ,   moderately   thick   hair   and   the   conditioning   effect   sometimes   flatten   my   hair .   hair   can   feel   too   soft   that   there   s   not   enough   lift   and   bounce .   this   is   great   when   hair   is   brittle   and   frizzy .   not   so   great   on   humid   days .   curly   hair   may   not   have   this   issue .   so   far ,   the   biggest   drawback   is   definitely   the   price .
good   for   basic   hair   dying   needs   good   for   basic   hair   dying   needs .   not   for   styling   so   much .   but   for   the   price   i   say   two   thumbs   up
perfect !   gets   rid   of   the   frizzies .   perfect !
only   ok   this   hair   dryer   is   okay .   bonnet   is   comfortable   however   the   air   hose   is   too   short   so   you   almost   need   to   hold   it   on   your   lap   when   using   it .   also   hose   and   or   bonnet   do   not   fit   back   into   side   of   dryer   as   it   would   appear .   a   bit   concerned   that   i   can   only   use   the   dryer   on   low   setting   because   it   seems   to   get   too   hot .
stylush   affordable   searched   high   and   low   for   a   good   quality ,   stylish   and   affordable   hair   dryer .   this   is   perfect ....   br   i   ve   had   it   a   while   now   over   a   year   and   i   am   still   happy   to   have   found   this .   i   really   love   the   folding   handle   and   retracting   cable   with   the   push   of   a   button   allows   me   to   pack   it   away   nice   and   easily .   everything   else   works   as   described .
works   great ,   but   it   makes   our   apartment   fuse   blow   every   ...   had   no   idea   this   hair   dryer   had   a   retractable   cord ! !   i   was   very   excited   to   see   that .   works   great ,   but   it   makes   our   apartment   fuse   blow   every   time   i   use   it   more   than   10   15   minutes   might   just   be   our   place   but   we   live   in   a   townhome   .
professional   hair   dryer   that   makes   a   difference   i   gave   my   daughter ,   a   hair   stylist ,   this   panasonic   hair   dryer   to   try   out .   she   liked   it   so   much   that   she   took   it   to   work   and   replaced   her   other   dryer   with   this   one .   she   told   me   that   no   matter   what   hair   type   she   worked   on ,   this   hair   dryer   made   the   client   s   hair   look   fuller ,   and   silky .   maybe   it   s   the   34   nanoe   technology   34   that   makes   the   difference .   she   also   liked   the   extra   long   cord   9   ft   .   the   only   negative   thing   was   that   it   s   a   little   on   the   heavy   side   for   home   use ,   although   professional   hair   dryers   tend   to   be   that   way .   imported   from   thailand .
happy   with   purchase   works   great ,   light   weight ,   easy   to   handle .   just   what   i   was   looking   for ..
five   stars   the   wife   says   to   give   this   dryer   5   stars .   she   really   likes   it !
short   weak   arms   look   elsewhere ,   otherwise   ok   my   other   conair   1875   was   starting   to   turn   itself   off   shorting   out   during   use   so   i   hunted   amazon   reviews   for   a   good   one   with   prime   shipping .   this   one   came   up   with   the   most   reviews   in   this   price   range .   i   know   i   shouldn   t   but   i   wash   and   dry   my   hair   every   day .   i   needed   something   reliable   but   under   30 .   br   br   the   first   thing   that   bothered   me   was   that   i   received   an   obvious   return   which   doesn   t   bode   well .   i   ve   tried   this   for   a   couple   days   so   the   jury   s   still   out   but   right   away   here   s   what   i   like   and   don   t   like   about   it   br   br   pros   br   very   quiet   br   lightweight   br   useful   attachments   br   multiple   speed   options   br   cool   shot   br   ability   to   clean   filter   br   br   cons   br   nozzle   is   longer   br   matte   finish   makes   it   slippery   to   hold   br   cool   shot   button   is   much   shorter   than   older   conair   br   easy   to   accidentally   press   hold   cool   shot   when   you   don   t   want   it   br   speed   heat   button   sliders   very   cheaply   made   br   filter   is   hinged   and   doesn   t   open   all   the   way   br   br   for   price   and   value ,   okay   buy .   if   you   have   short   arms   like   i   do ,   the   longer   barrel   makes   for   an   awkward   morning   ritual .   also ,   since   it   s   slippery   to   hold ,   you   have   to   learn   how   to   hold   it   differently   which   can   be   problem ,   if   like   me ,   you   have   arthritis   issues .   with   the   old   conair ,   i   could   lazily   hold   it   however   i   want .   i   could   rest   my   thumb   below   the   cool   shot   button   since   it   protruded   at   least   1   2   34   and   you   really   had   to   push   it   down   to   use   it .   the   cool   shot   on   this   one   is   flimsy   and   depresses   quite   easily .   i   m   also   worried   about   the   settings   buttons .   it   does   not   seem   very   secure   and   or   there   is   only   a   small   attachment   in   the   middle .   in   other   words ,   as   you   slide   them ,   the   top   and   bottom   of   the   buttons   are   not   attached   in   any   way   to   the   unit .   they   actually   stick   out   a   little   bit   are   not   completely   flushed   against   the   handle   .   whether   this   will   be   a   problem   should   they   come   off   remains   to   be   seen .   br   br   overall   a   mixed   bag   but   it   was   priced   fairly   cheap .   will   update   rating   if   it   does   not   frizz   my   hair   anymore   than   i   m   already   drying   it   out   by   repeated   washings   . f   it   does   not   frizz   my   hair   anymore   than   i   m   already   drying   it   out   by   repeated   washings   .
five   stars   perfect
five   stars   love   this   little   guy .   good   for   short   to   medium   hair ,   but   not   for   long   hair .   nightlite   is   nice   touch .
conair   infiniti   pro   hair   dryer   i   have   several   of   these   hair   dryers .   i   keep   one   as   a   back   up   in   case   my   other   one   breaks .   it   works   well ,   puts   out   good   heat   and   i   love   the   colors .
five   stars   muy   bueno
one   star   ordered   purple ,   got   red   pink .   plus   my   hair   get   caught   in   the   intake
five   stars   great   product ,   highly   recommended .
dries   quickly ,   quiet ,   compact   i   first   used   this   hairdryer   at   a   hotel .   it   is   definitely   one   of   the   best   hairdryers   i   have   ever   owned .   it   is   small   and   compact ,   and   folds   nicely .   it   also   has   a   retractable   cord ,   which   is   a   huge   bonus .   as   far   as   drying   goes ,   this   dryer   did   a   great   job   on   my   hair .   i   have   thick ,   coarse   hair   that   is   about   shoulder   length .   the   airflow   is   excellent ,   and   this   dryer   shaved   at   least   five   minutes   off   my   normal   drying   time .   it   is   also   surprisingly   quiet   as   quiet   as   a   hairdryer   can   be   ,   even   on   the   high   speed .   i   highly   recommend .
four   stars   great   product .   i   would   only   suggest   that   the   cord   be   about   six   inches   longer   for   ease   and   comfort .
five   stars   great   product !   my   kids   like   it !
five   stars   super   product !
five   stars   great   dryer .   never   gets   too   hot .
five   stars   works   great !
very   good   for   this   price   i   use   it   quite   often .. very   good   for   this   price .   i   hardly   used   the   attachment   that   came   with   it ..
works   great .   love   that   it   folds   works   great .   love   that   it   folds .   a   bit   heavy   for   someone   who   has   to   round   brush   a   lot   of   hair   like   i   do .
should   have   listened   to   neg   reviews   on   this   product   broke   within   a   few   weeks   from   date   of   purchase .   would   not   recommend .
conair   1875   watt   ionic   ceramic   folding   handle   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   i   like   that   it   has   a   cool   blowing   feature   because   in   the   summer   time   i   can   dry   my   hair   without   heat .   works   fine   for   me .   br   the   handle   is   a   little   big   and   awkward   to   hold   when   i   switch   it   to   my   left   hand   but   if   i   hold   it   up   at   the   top   it   s   okay .   the   pros   outweigh   the   cons   for   me !
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer !   i   watched   the   utube   video   of   the   woman   with   naturally   curly   hair   and   how   she   used   this   particular   dryer   because   i   have   permed   hair   and   need   a   diffuser   and   medium   air   pressure   to   dry   my   hair   but   still   keep   the   curls .   my   previous   sassoon   hair   dryer   did   a   great   job   of   drying   as   well   as   maintaining   my   slowly   diminishing   34   old   perm   34   curls   but   with   a   little   scrunching   with   mousse   and   my   old ,   non   ion   ceramic   dryer ,   my   curls   still   looked   good .   br   br   with   my   purchase   of   the   remington   ac2015   34   pearl ,   ionic   34   dryer   additions ,   i   looked   forward   to   the   same   old   but   better ..... my   hair   is   much   more   shiny   and   less   frizzy ,   yes ,   but   i   do   have   to   work   with   scrunching   spray   to   get   those   curls   that   i   had   when   drying   with   my   old   non   pearl   ceramic ,   etc .   hairdryer .   i   think   the   ceramic   or   pearl   or   ionic   features   of   this   dryer   are   wonderful   but ,   for   someone   like   me   with   a   loose   perm   of   about   10   months ,   the   dryer   makes   my   hair   just   34   too   smooth   34   .   br   br   am   certain   this   model   would   be   perfect   for   all   those   ladies   with   gorgeous ,   thick   hair   who   want   the   smooth   look   at   a   very   very   good   price .   br   br   diffuser   is   included   which   did   entice   me   to   purchase   this   hair   dryer   as   i   do   need   to   use   a   diffuser .   btw ,   reviewers   have   said   dryer   could   be   lighter   in   weight   but   it   s   perfectly   ok   with   me .   i   felt   my   old   dryer   was   ok   regarding   weight   and   feel   this   one   is ,   as   well .   not   noisy   at   all ,   despite   what   some   have   said .   i   use   it   on   medium   airflow   and   medium   heat   and   i   m   very   happy   not   loud   and   i   could   definitely   use   the   dryer   for   as   long   as   it   took   to   dry   my   hair   if   i   had   long   hair   w   o   freaking   out   because   of   its   noise .
best   best   best   hair   dryer   ever !   best   hair   dryer   ever .   it   is   very   strong   and   dries   your   hair   right   away ,   it   also   gives   a   volume   since   it   is   1600   watt ,   the   money   you   pay   for   it   definitely   worth   it .
it   blows ... and   that   s   a   good   thing !   my   last   hair   dryer   was   an   andis   and   i   bought   an   andis   again   because   i   was   so   impressed   with   their   quality .   so   compact   that   it   fits   easily   in   my   suitcase .   you   feel   better   when   travelling   when   you   know   you   will   be   able   to   look   good   in   all   your   vacation   photos .   great   as   an   everyday   dryer   for   those   with   small   bathrooms !
excellent   product !   quick   attention   very   well   packed   and   fast   excellent   product !   quick   attention   very   well   packed   and   fast !   it   is   powerful   to   my   wife   loves
five   stars   excelente
blow   it   out !   dried   my   long   straight   fine   hair   in   a   reasonable   amount   of   time .   did   a   faster   job   than   my   old   dryer .   we   ve   been   using   that   one   to   roast   green   coffee   beans ,   so   i   was   needing   a   new   one .   br   br   the   different   temp   settings   were   accurate   and   the   cool   shot   button   worked   fine .   left   my   hair   looking   full   with   a   nice   shine .   br   br   it   felt   well   balanced   in   the   hand   and   was   easy   to   hold   and   work   with .   not   too   noisy ,   big   plus .   no   weird   plasticky   smell   on   first   use .   even   bigger   plus .   br   br   the   retractable   cord   is   genius !   br   br   if   you   are   looking   for   a   new   hair   dryer   i   think   this   one   is   a   very   good   value .   works   great   with   all   the   features   you   need .
best   dryer   i   ve   ever   used .   who   knew   !   this   is   like   no   other   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   my   5   year   old   dryer   caught   fire   .   after   a   few   quick   looks   around   my   rural   br   town   for   any   kind   of   dryer ,   dryers   are   dryers .   right   ,   and   coming   up   empty ,   i   just   went   online   and   with   little   consideration   except   price ,   in   5   minutes   i   just   clicked   the   buy   button   forgot   about   it .   when   it   arrived   and   i   used   it   ,   it   was   a   force !   my   hair   dryed   practically   instantly   and   with   added   volume .   it   has   many   buttons .   not   sure   what   all   are   for .   can   t   read   them   without   my   glasses .   br   just   pushed   them   all   until   i   get   fastest   hotest .   i   can   use   my   round   brush   this   dryer   and   dry   style   my   hair   faster   than   with   any   of   my   specialty   hair   stylers .   just   a   few   minutes .   i   have   shortish   hair   i   ve   got   the   34   instyler   34   100   the   pefecter   fusion   styler   100   others .   i   can   t   pinpoint   why   this   one   works   better   in   lightening   speed ....   i   think   it   was   20   or   30 .   ....   but   it   does .   do   yourself   a   big   favor   look   no   further .   it   s   no   gamble   at   all .   with   amazon   you   can   return   it .
it   works   great ,   is   a   little   bit   heavy   but   has   good   ...   it   works   great ,   is   a   little   bit   heavy   but   has   good   power ,   it   heated   very   well .   i   am   happy   with   my   purchase
nanoe   does   make   a   difference   i   ve   had   my   hair   dryer ,   a   conair   mini ,   for   ages   more   than   10   years .   the   conair   has   only   two   setting   high   and   low   and   did   not   come   with   any   accessories .   so   going   from   the   conair   to   the   panasonic   nanoe   was   like   upgrading   from   a   basic   to   a   state   of   the   art   hair   dryer .   br   br   the   panasonic   nanoe   comes   with   a   quick   dry   nozzle ,   a   set   nozzle   and   a   diffuser .   it   boasts   3   temperatures   settings   hot ,   warm   and   cool ,   and   a   choice   of   strong   high   or   gentle   low   airflow .   what   makes   this   hair   dryer   special   is   that   it   produces   nanoe   or   invisible   water   particles   that   cling   to   your   hair   as   you   dry   it .   br   i   have   thick   hair   that   reaches   to   my   shoulders   and   when   i   used   the   panasonic ,   i   had   the   impression   that   strands   of   hair   were   separated .   it   boosted   my   hair   s   natural   volume   and   gave   it   more   movement .   and   my   hair   felt   softer   too   after   i   used   the   panasonic   with   the   quick   dry   nozzle   and   the   diffuser .   my   sister   who   has   long   fine   hair   also   agreed   that   this   dryer   seemed   to   give   her   hair   more   volume   too .   br   br   since   i   ve   been   handling   a   mini   dryer   for   years ,   it   took   a   bit   of   time   to   get   used   to   the   full   sized   panasonic .   at   first   it   felt   heavy ,   especially   when   i   attached   the   diffuser   to   it ,   and   therefore   was   somewhat   awkward   to   manage .   however ,   i   m   getting   used   to   its   weight   and   size   and   therefore   doing   a   better   job   at   styling   my   hair   with   it .   the   panasonic   nanoe   does   emit   a   smell ,   but   according   to   the   operating   instructions   booklet ,   it   is   normal   and   harmless .   br   br   i   m   glad   i   got   this   hair   dryer .   i   like   having   the   different   temperature   settings ,   especially   the   cool   one   because   i   want   to   avoid   heat   damage .   with   my   old   dryer ,   i   didn   t   have   any   other   choice   but   hot .   after   using   an   attachment   with   the   hot   setting ,   it   may   be   warm   to   the   touch   so   handle   with   care   if   you   need   to   switch   nozzles .   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer .   i   don   t   quite   understand   the   fine   details   behind   the   nanoe   technology ,   but   these   invisible   particles   certainly   make   my   hair   look   good .
five   stars   luv   it .
...   had   this   for   about   a   year   now   and   i   like   it .   no   problems   at   all   i   have   had   this   for   about   a   year   now   and   i   like   it .   no   problems   at   all .   basic   hair   dryer ,   not   too   loud ,   not   too   fancy .
five   stars   works   great   and   always   at   hands   reach .   very   satisfied   with   this   product .
four   stars   this   is   worth   it   especially   the   price !
works   for   small   jobs   this   hair   dryer   is   just   alright .   i   have   fine   wavy   hair ,   but   a   lot   of   it ,   and   needed   a   hair   dryer   with   a   diffuser .   after   looking   through   reviews   i   decided   to   purchase   this   one   over   some   cheaper   models   or   buying   the   same   vidal   sassoon   model   i   ve   owned   for   many   years .   br   my   first   impression   was   that   i   was   shocked   by   how   heavy   it   was ,   because   it   s   ceramic .   it   can   be   sort   of   awkward   to   use   before   you   get   used   to   it .   secondly ,   the   difference   between   the   34   warm   34   to   the   34   hot   34   setting   is   pretty   big .   the   34   warm   34   on   mine   has   barely   more   heat   than   the   34   cool   34   setting   and   the   34   hot   34   setting   is   too   hot   to   use   for   more   than   a   minute   or   two .   the   34   hot   34   also   makes   my   hair   super   frizzy ,   but   that   s   fixed   by   blasting   it   on   the   34   cool   34   setting   after   the   heat .   but   i   do   worry   that   it   damages   my   hair .   i   would   use   the   34   warm   34   setting   if   it   didn   t   take   so   long .   br   this   hair   dryer   is   kept   at   my   boyfriend   s   and   i   only   use   it   to   dry   the   roots   of   my   hair   with   the   diffuser   to   give   them   lift ,   so   it   doesn   t   see   much   use .   because   i   don   t   use   it   often   i   can   get   over   the   negatives   of   the   dryer   and   it   is   alright   for   me .   if   i   had   to   use   it   every   day   or   dried   more   than   the   roots   of   my   hair   i   would   return   it .
four   stars   this   is   awesome   i   really   love   it  
five   stars   great   value   for   the   money .   faster   drying   without   overheating   one   s   hair ,   when   compared   to   our   previous   hair   dryer .
five   stars   love   this   dryer ! !   dries   quickly   and   straightens   hair   nicely .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer
durable ,   quiet   and   powerful .   hair   dries   in   minutes .   a   nice   hairdryer .   strong   yet   more   quiet   than   the   previous   folding   model .   you   can   dry   your   hair   in   a   couple   of   minutes .   convenient   for   travel   yet   more   durable   looking   than   the   older   model   that   i   had   for   many   years .
i   love   the   retractable   cord   first   used   this   hair   dryer   when   staying   at   a   motel   had   to   have   it .   i   love   the   retractable   cord .
blown   away !   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   because   she   borrowed   one   like   this   while   staying   with   a   friend   and   loved   it .   good   power ,   multiple   heat   settings ,   and   doesn   t   have   that   motor   wind   that   some   put   out   that   drive   you   crazy .   the   vent   poece   on   the   back   is   removeable   for   cleaning   out   lint   that   gets   trapped   in   there ...   this   is   a   great   feature   and   should   improve   the   life   expectancy   of   this   hair   dryer .
two   stars   very   low   air   pressure .
salon   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer   and   the   as   ones   used   in   the   salon   i   go   to .
five   stars   very   pleased   with   this   purchase .   the   different   heat   settings   is   great .
best   for   long   hair !   an   excellent   dryer ,   but   heavier   than   most .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   great   feature ,   but   adds   to   the   weight .
solid   hairdryer   it   s   a   nice   hair   dryer ,   has   a   cool   setting   3   diff   temp   settings   and   2   diff   speed   settings .   i   knock   off   one   star   because   after   a   month   one   of   the   points   broke   off   on   the   diffuser .
hoy   recib   iacute   el   paquete   en   venezuela ,   es   un   regalo   ...   hoy   recib   el   paquete   en   venezuela ,   es   un   regalo   para   mi   esposa .   en   el   momento   de   usarlo   el   producto   no   funcion   .   es   muy   lamentable   para   m   encontrarme   con   esta   situaci   n .   por   favor   solicito   que   se   resuelva   mi   problema .   gracias   br   today   i   received   the   package   in   venezuela ,   is   a   gift   for   my   wife .   at   the   time   of   using   the   product   did   not   work .   it   is   very   unfortunate   for   me   to   meet   this   situation .   please   i   request   that   my   problem   is   resolved .   thank   you
no   complaints   gets   the   job   done   and   it   is   cheap .
my   college   budget   hair   dryer   i   ve   had   mine   for   almost   all   4   years   of   college   and   it   still   works   well .   it   s   lasted   longer   than   a   lot   of   friends   in   my   life .   i   ve   had   no   sparks ,   no   overheating ,   and   have   not   burned   off   any   of   my   hair .   i   use   it   to   dry   my   hair   after   i   take   a   shower   and   i   have   no   complaints .
frustrated   with   connector   this   would   be   a   great   product   if   the   bonnet   attached   to   the   hose   more   securely .
quit   within   a   couple   of   months   must   have   got   a   dud   but   ours   died !
five   stars   love   it
five   stars   good
five   stars   its   perfect   and   so   is   amazon   . com
five   stars   it   s   very   powerful   and   does   not   burn   my   hair
dryer   cute   little   hair   dryer .   my   younger   daughter   wanted   her   own   dryer   so   i   got   this   one .   she   loves   it   and   so   does   my   older   daughter .   works   great ,   has   alot   of   power   for   a   little   thing   pretty   color   also
fast   my   favorite   blow   dryer   .   very   strong   and   fast .   i   can   browdry   my   sister   s   4a   b   curly   hair   in   20   30   min   and   my   type   3   hair   in   7   10   min .
it   was   easy   for   me   to   install   i   received   the   item   when   stated   and   it   is   what   i   had   wanted   and   expected .   it   was   easy   for   me   to   install .   thank   you .
five   stars   everything   was   very   good
it   is   the   good   hair   dryer   i   will   continue   use   it   to   see   if   ...   it   is   the   good   hair   dryer   i   will   continue   use   it   to   see   if   my   hair   can   be   better .   so   far   is   good  
quick   dry   for   4c   naturalistas ,   no   more   broken   combs !   yes ,   please   and   thank   you !   i   m   so   happy   with   this   dryer .   i   have   very   thick ,   coarse   hair   4c   ,   medium   length .   this   dryer   beat   my   old   conair   dryer   hands   down   it   takes   about   30   less   time   to   dry   my   hair .   the   design   is   perfect   comb   attachments   slide   in   and   stays   in   place   during   the   entire   drying   process   my   old   dryer   s   comb   would   always   pop   off   at   least   twice   and   i   ve   broken   two   comb   attachments   in   as   many   months   .   i   also   like   the   width   of   this   dryer .   it   does   get   very   hot   so   use   a   high   smoke   point   oil   like   coconut   to   protect   your   hair   while   drying .   bottom   line ,   this   is   a   very   good   product   at   a   very   good   price .   i   also   got   the   andis   flat   iron   my   new   dynamic   duo !
four   stars   switch   buttons   are   not   easy   to   change .   hot   air   is   not   as   strong   as   i   expected .
four   stars   a   big   loud ,   a   bit   heavy ,   very   strong .
fantastic   dryer   does   the   job   perfectly   i   have   to   five   star   this   one !   br   br   just   got   this   a   few   days   ago   and   love   love   love   it .   i   was   using   a   lesser   power   one   before ,   and   wow ,   no   comparison !   br   dried   my   hair   so   quickly ,   yet   made   it   bouncy   and   beautiful .   br   br   the   amount   of   air   blowing   out   was   just   perfect ,   and   using   the   attachment   enabled   me   to   center   in   on   certain   portions   of   my   hair   and   style   using   it .   br   br   i   love   the   bright   blue   color ,   it   s   made   very   sturdy ,   and   the   cord   is   very   flexible   while   styling .   br   br   love .   br   br   this   product   was   provided   for   my   unbiased   opinion .
love   retractable   cord   ok   so   i   have   thick   coarse   hair   and   i   was   looking   for   something   that   can   tame   this   head   of   mine .   first   let   me   start   by   saying   i   do   like   the   retractable   cord .   must   have   now .   i   like   that   five   settings   this   offers ,   hot , warm ,   cool ,   low ,   and   high   i   do   wish   there   was   a   medium   but   its   not   bad .   my   only   thing   is   i   can   not   use   either   of   the   attachments   and   i   know   that   because   of   my   hair ,   however   there   is   always   at   least   one   attachment   i   can   use ,   not   this   time .   it   gives   you   recommendations   based   on   your   hair   what   settings   to   use .   overall   its   not   a   bad   dryer .   has   many   nice   features   just   wish   it   came   with   more   or   different   or   even   other   attachment   options .
love   it !   my   hairdresser   uses   this   blow   dryer   and   recommended   it   to   me   when   i   told   him   i   did   not   feel   mine   was   powerful   enough .   this   dries   my   hair   in   a   fraction   of   the   time   as   it   used   to   take   me .   i   love   the   adjustable   settings   for   heat   and   for   power ,   and   the   ionic   blast   button   for   cold   shots   is   great ,   too .
no   hair   was   harmed   in   the   making   of   this   review !   wow !   first   and   foremost ,   if   you   have   long   hair   this   is   the   hair   dryer   for   you !   i   have   long   hair   and   constantly   fight   with   the   air   intake   valve   on   my   other   hair   dryers   as   they   suck   up   my   hair   and   it   gets   tangled   up   inside !   the   rimini   by   xtava   has   mesh   like   metal   over   the   air   intake   valve   and   cannot   suck   my   hair   into   it .   secondly ,   it   is   powerful   which   is   probably   why   it   says   professional   in   the   name   and   oh   so   quiet   compared   to   all   the   other   hair   dryers   i   have   used .   third ,   it   is   light   and   the   handle   makes   it   so   easy   to   use   and   to   reach   the   different   control   buttons   while   you   are   still   drying .   love   that   it   has   a   cold   shot   button   to   help   34   set   34   my   hair .   it   comes   with   a   control   nozzle   that   fits   very   well   and   is   easy   to   get   off   and   on   to   precisely   aim   the   air   right   where   you   want   it .   br   all   in   all   i   will   tell   you   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   that   i   have   ever   owned   and   it   is   aesthetically   pretty   too !   i   won   t   get   into   all   the   specs   because   you   can   read   them   above   but   it   does   have   3   heat   settings   and   yes ,   i   use   them   all   during   one   drying   and   it   has   2   speed   settings   plus   the   cold   shot   button .   it   usually   takes   about   20   minutes   to   completely   dry   my   hair   and   with   this   one   it   took   about   12   minutes .   i   did   receive   this   to   try   in   exchange   for   my   honest   review   and   i   will   honestly   tell   you   that   this   hair   dryer   is   awesome !
five   stars   love   the   retractable   cord   and   the   dryer   quickly   dries   my   hair .
dryer   does   not   work   good   at   all   dryer   does   not   work   good   at   all !   the   high   setting   is   more   like   using   the   low   setting   no   power !   i   have   another   revlon   travel   version   i   bought   at   walmart   for   12   dollars   and   works   so   much   better   than   this .   very   disappointed   and   waste   of   money .   do   not   buy !
five   stars   ordered   as   gift   and   they   were   thrilled   with   quality ,   price   and   shipping !
good   basic   good   basic   hair   dryer .   like   all   the   rest   prolly   won   t   be   handed   down   to   my   grandchildren ,   but   serviceable .
one   star   if   you   have   all   the   time   in   the   world   buy   this   hair   dryer .   agonizingly   slow !
five   stars   good   product   i   have   nin   type   of   complaint ,   i   am   satisfied   recommend   this   seller   and   product
love   it !   very   light   dryer ,   and   has   a   nice   grip   and   feel   to   the   handle .   i   have   very   long   hair   and   it   dried   my   hair   very   fast   with   very   little   frizz .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   dryer .   i   love   it !
satisfied   just   like   the   ones   in   hotel .
great   dryer   folds   up   perfectly ,   good   heat   and   power .
it   s   like   a   giant   robotic   arm   works   well   but   you   need   a   lot   of   space   to   store   it .   it   s   like   a   giant   robotic   arm .
electrical   cord   needs   lenthened .   good   little   dryer .   cord   running   from   wall   to   unit   little   too   short .
two   stars   small   and   convenient ,   however   heat   seems   low   and   hairdryer   is   rather   loud .
great   dryer !   i   am   so   happy   with   this   dryer !   it   s   not   too   loud ,   like   the   design ,   and   easy   to   pack .   the   only   thing   that   would   make   it   a   perfect   dryer   would   be   if   it   had   a   medium   setting .   i   would   highly   recommend   the   andis   dryer .
five   stars   awesome   hair   dryer
great   dryer   for   the   price   great   dryer   for   the   price ... nice   features ... the   light   may   be   just   a   bit   too   bright ,   but   if   you   need   a   nightlight ,   its   great .
five   stars   love   it !   dries   hair   fast   without   tangles !
i   love   this   hairdryer   because   it   s   small   i   love   this   hairdryer   because   it   s   small ,   and   lightweight ,   yet   quite   powerful ,   both   in   heat   and   flow .   the   switch   is   very   easy   to   use ,   and   i   prefer   a   small   white   hairdryer   to   be   accidentally   seen   on   the   bathroom   counter ,   instead   of   a   huge   heavy   clunky   black   and   chrome   model   that   doesn   t   fit   in   a   drawer   when   i   need   to   tidy   up .   this   one   is   also   small   enough   for   travel .
dries   hair   quickly   this   is   a   nice   looking   hair   dryer   that   works   fast .   my   hair   usually   frizzes   out   when   i   blow   dry   it ,   but   not   with   this .   my   hair   did   not   feel   dried   out   at   all   after   using   this .   the   blow   dryer   has   hot ,   warm   and   cool   settings   with   a   cool   blast   button .   the   back   opens   easily ,   so   that   any   dust   buildup   can   be   removed .   the   weight   is   a   bit   heavy ,   but   the   design   makes   it   nice   to   hold .   i   took   off   one   star   because   the   diffuser   did   not   do   a   great   job   on   my   wimpy   curls ,   but   the   other   attachments   worked   out   well   for   me .   the   color   is   nice ,   but   if   it   came   in   green ,   that   would   be   even   better .   the   best   blow   dryer   i   have   used   so   far .
five   stars   good   item
five   stars   amazing   design !   good   power ,   comfortable   to   use !
revlon   hair   dryer   our   old   hair   dryer   has   seen   better   days , so   my   niece   picked   this   one   because   pink   is   her   favorite   color .   revlon   is   a   name   that   s   been   involved   with   hair , so   i   said   why   not .   the   dryer   seems   to   dry   hair   well , and   my   niece   likes   the   color , so   it   s   a   win   win !
incredible   results !   admittedly ,   i   don   t   have   a   ton   of   hair ,   and   while   this   is   a   really   nice   blow   dryer ,   if   you   re   a   guy   with   short   hair ,   it   s   pretty   extravagant .   br   br   my   wife   and   daughter ,   on   the   other   hand ,   noticed   a   huge   difference .   my   daughter   isn   t   a   huge   fan   of   getting   her   hair   dryed ,   and   happily ,   this   dryer   reduces   the   torture   time   exponentially .   i   want   to   say   the   difference   is   in   the   diffuser ,   but   there   s   more   going   on   here .   it   isn   t   quite   34   magical   34   ,   but   it   s   close .   br   br   the   34   magical   34   part   is   probably   with   my   wife   s   naturally   curly   hair .   during   the   winter   months ,   there   s   been   some   investment   in   products   that   control   frizz ,   and   i   ve   been   able   to   casually   tell   a   difference   between   products .   with   this   hair   dryer ,   though ,   you   d   swear   some   really   expensive   salon   grade   stuff   was   used .   the   results   are   pretty   surprising ,   and   seem   to   last .   i   d   almost   go   as   far   as   saying   that   this   could   save   money ,   by   reducing   or   eliminating   the   need   for   control   products .   br   br   at   first ,   i   was   positive   there   was   no   way   this   hair   dryer   would   be   worth   the   money ,   but   seeing   how   well   it   works   with   everyone   in   the   family ,   i   d   totally   recommend   it   to   anyone   with   curly   hair ,   or   who   can   t   tolerate   much   time   under   the   dryer .
five   stars   we   liked   the   convenience   so   well   that   we   bought   one   for   the   guest   bathroom   too .
the   perfect   hairdryer   i   first   tried   this   hairdryer   while   staying   at   a   marriott   resort .   i   loved   it   so   much   that   i   purchased   3   of   them .   it   can   be   set   to   blow   at   the   highest   power   with   the   heat   at   a   lower   setting   something   i   found   to   be   perfect   for   me .
five   stars   best   dryer   out   there !   use   it   daily
looks   great   when   the   hairdresser   does   it   but   i   get   bored   ...   so ,   i   got   this   in   hopes   that   it   would   inspire   me   to   completely   blow   out   my   hair .   looks   great   when   the   hairdresser   does   it   but   i   get   bored   about   halfway   through .   the   jury   is   still   out   three   neat   attachments   that   i   have   never   in   my   life   used   and   more   options   than   i   know   what   to   do   with   cool ,   warm   hot   and   then   high   and   low ,   and   finally   a   cold   burst .... i   m   used   to   just   on   or   off !   br   br   it   is   a   little   top   heavy   so   not   the   most   comfortable .   but   so   far   so   good .
love   love   love   this   product   salon   finishing   and   the   cord   ...   love   love   love   this   product   salon   finishing   and   the   cord   retracts !   best   part   had   it   for   over   a   year   it   s   really   good
really   great .   got   it   in   2   days   on   a   sunday   really   great .   got   it   in   2   days   on   a   sunday .   thanks .   i   love   it .
it   dries   the   hair   in   half   the   time ! ! !   i   got   the   leopard   print   and   it   s   beautiful ! ! !   br   this   model   is   a   little   bit   heavier   than   the   babyliss   tt   tourmaline   titanium   the   white   one   ,   but   it   does   dry   the   hair   in   half   the   time ! ! !   i   have   long   hair   around   the   middle   of   my   back   and   i   dried   it   completely   in   4m25s .   with   the   babyliss   tt   it   would   take   about   8   9   minutes .   do   this   is   completely   worth   it ! ! ! !
four   stars   i   like   that   the   speed   of   the   blower   is   separate   from   the   heat   selection .
four   stars   love   my   dryer
nanoe   yes   plastic   no   i   tested   this   hair   dryer   against   two   older   models   we   have .   one   was   a   conair   with   ceramics   in   the   wind   tunnel   and   ionizer .   the   other   was   an   older   baybliss   hair   dryer ,   also   with   ceramics   but   no   advertized   ionizing   properties .   i   didn   t   use   a   towel   at   all   for   the   tests   because   i   figured ,   if   it   works   as   advertized ,   the   panasonic   should   dry   out   my   skin   less   well   too .   it   seems   to   work .   br   br   all   three   are   very   good   hair   dryers .   i   think   the   panasonic   did   the   best   job   of   not   fizzing   up   my   hair   and   leaving   it   feeling   very   nice .   however ,   it   stinks !   it   smelled   like   i   was   blowing   melted   plastic   all   around   the   room .   that   is   not   the   case   when   i   use   either   the   conair   or   the   baybliss .   additionally ,   while   both   the   others   are   premium   models ,   neither   cost   more   than   50 .   br   br   i   m   going   to   let   the   panasonic   air   out   for   a   month   or   so   outdoors   in   the   sun .   maybe   some   of   the   plastic   stink   will   outgas   and   it   will   be   a   great   hair   dryer .   many   people   aren   t   as   sensitive   as   i   am   to   these   plastic   odors .   if   you   love   that   new   car   smell ,   especially   the   smell   of   mostly   plastic   interiors   after   they   have   baked   in   the   sun   with   the   windows   up ,   you   ll   love   the   smell   of   the   panasonic .   i   can   t   stand   the   smell   of   fabreze   or   bounce   but   maybe   you   think   they   re   wonderful .   if   so ,   you   ll   think   this   dryer   is   to   die   for .   br   br   i   think   they   have   the   makings   of   a   very   good   product .   that   nanoe   technology   seems   to   work .   however ,   i   m   concerned   that   each   of   those   tiny   little   water   droplets   is   surrounded   by   plastic   particles ,   making   it   all   the   easier   to   find   its   way   to   my   lungs .   hopefully ,   airing   out   will   do   the   trick   but   i   would   still   recommend   a   redesign   to   keep   the   hot   air   away   from   plastic   parts .   br   br   addendum   i   initially   gave   the   product   5   stars   but   upon   reflection   i   have   decided   there   is   no   excuse   for   putting   out   a   product   that   runs   hot   air   directly   past   plastic   when   companies   have   been   making   hair   dryers   with   metal   or   ceramic   coated   nozzles   for   years .   yes ,   recycling   water   vapor   is   a   great   idea ,   but   don   t   forget   to   use   the   best   of   older   technology   as   well .   plus   a   hair   dryer   this   expensive   should   have   a   dual   voltage   switch .   br   br   update   because   of   the   smell ,   i   gave   the   hair   dryer   away ....   to   my   barber .   he   uses   it   frequently   and   likes   it .   after   more   than   a   year ,   the   bad   plastic   smell   is   almost   gone . der   technology   as   well .   plus   a   hair   dryer   this   expensive   should   have   a   dual   voltage   switch .   update   because   of   the   smell ,   i   gave   the   hair   dryer   away ....   to   my   barber .   he   uses   it   frequently   and   likes   it .   after   more   than   a   year ,   the   bad   plastic   smell   is   almost   gone .
great   when   still   alive .   loooooved   this   dryer .   about   a   year   and   a   half   in   and   it   s   no   longer   working .   not   an   awful   timeline   but   disappointing   for   the   price .
five   stars   so   far   so   good
five   stars   exclent   product ,   just   two   minutes   tondy   my   hair   without   damage
listen   to   the   reviews   !   this   blow   dryer   is   good   at   first   but   it   s   quite   tricky .   the   blow   dryer   begins   getting   very   smokey   ..   something   about   the   smell   of   the   blow   dryer   doesn   t   seem   right   .   i   wish   i   listened   to   the   reviews   because   the   blow   dryer   died   after   one   month   and   a   day .   a   lot   of   smoke   and   fire   flames   came   out   of   the   blow   dryer .   very   scary   .   do   not   but   this   blow   dryer   it   may   be   okay   at   first   but   once   you   start   smelling   the   burnt   smell   tuh   better   think   twice   when   the   return   days   are   up .   waste   of   money !   do   not   buy   this   item .   going   to   stick   to   the   cheap   blow   dryers .   this   was   expensive   for   no   reason   perhaps   maybe   the   watts   1900   only   good   thing   about   this   blow   dryer   it   speeds   up   your   drying   time   a   for   that .
four   stars   works   well
the   ultimate   hair   blow   dryer .   i   always   thought   a   blow   dryer   was   a   blow   dryer   and   they   all   did   the   same   thing .   boy   was   i   wrong   about   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   not   the   same   as   all   the   others .   i   have   straight ,   thick   hair   and   have   a   hard   time   getting   volume   due   to   the   weight   of   my   hair   making   it   lay   flat .   i   do   blow   dry   my   hair   to   give   it   some   volume   but   it   usually   doesn   t   last   long .   but   with   the   panasonic   hair   dryer ,   i   get   so   much   volume !   it   is   amazing !   i   don   t   know   if   it   is   due   to   the   moisture   being   put   back   into   the   hair   but   my   hair   looks   great   and   others   have   told   me   the   same   thing .   my   hair   also   seems   to   hold   the   volume   almost   all   day   long   which   is   unusual   for   my   hair .   br   br   at   first   the   dryer   took   a   little   bit   of   getting   used   to   as   it   is   a   bit   bulky ,   but   it   is   light   weight .   after   a   few   days   i   got   the   hang   of   it   and   now   i   am   getting   the   most   out   of   the   dryer .   several   heat   setting   make   blow   drying   easy   to   get   the   results   that   you   want .   love   it !
five   stars   good !
three   stars   bulky   and   too   noisy ..
five   stars   amazing
excellent   hair   dryer   for   curly   hair !   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   is   excellent   for   drying   curly   hair ,   which   needs   intense   heat   in   one   area .   light   weight   and   not   overly   bulky ,   this   hair   dryer   has   a   nice   handle   that   is   easy   to   grip   and   use   when   you   have   to   dry   hair   for   awhile .   curly   hair   sure   can   take   time   to   dry   and   this   one   does   not   make   your   arm   or   grip   ache ,   due   to   the   long   use .   i   recommend   for   anyone   who   wants   a   great ,   affordable   lighter   dryer   that   has   concentrated   heat !
must   buy !   glad   i   bought   it !   i   have   to   say ,   this   dryer   is   amazing !   i   have   long ,   thick ,   naturally   curly   hair ,   and   i   use   a   hair   dryer   a   few   times   a   week   with   a   round   ceramic   brush   to   straighten   it .   i   previously   had   a   150   professional   grade   dryer   5   years ,   and   it   finally   died   ,   and   i   did   some   research   prior   to   buying   a   new   one   to   see   if   i   could   save   that   expense .   i   bought   this   dryer   and   i   was   shocked   that   it   actually   worked   better   than   my   150   dryer !   my   hair   is   softer ,   the   blow   out   lasts   longer ,   and   it   dried   faster   then   my   old   dryer .   must   buy !   if   it   works   on   my   difficult   to   straighten   hair ,   it   will   definitely   work   on   anyones !
dont   believe   the   negative   reviews   this   dryer   is   great   im   amazed   at   the   negative   reviews .   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   about   3   years   and   it   is   my   favorite .   recently ,   the   retracable   cord   hasnt   worked   well ,   i   tried   to   open   it   to   fix   it ,   then   i   broke   off   another   part .   now ,   i   use   this   dryer   1   2x   day .   i   paid   under   20   at   walmart ,   so   i   sure   got   my   moneys   worth .   br   i   ordered   a   conair   here   on   amazon   that   i   will   be   returning   and   purchasing   this   one   again .   br   it   is   very   powerful ,   i   love   the   retracting   cord   and   fold   up   handle .
compares   to   my   sharper   image   dryer   works   great .   i   replaced   my   sharper   image   ion   dryer   after   10   years   with   this   model .   it   works   great   and   has   the   same   specs   as   my   other   model .   only   at   a   fraction   of   the   price !   highly   recommend .
the   hair   dryer   has   worked   great .   i   gave   it   only   four   stars   because   it   ...   so   far ,   the   hair   dryer   has   worked   great .   i   gave   it   only   four   stars   because   it   is   difficult   to   move   the   slide   controls   for   the   heat   setting   and   for   the   blower   setting ,   which   are   side   by   side .   so ,   i   just   leave   the   controls   set   where   i   want   and   plug   and   unplug   the   dryer   so   that   i   don   t   have   to   change   the   controls   after   i   plug   it   in .   if   i   remember ,   i   will   write   another   review   in   one   year ,   if   it   lasts   that   long !
good   quality   for   price .   does   a   good   job   for   the   price .   i   like   the   diffuser .
looks   feels   like   a   toy ,   but   works   well !   just   received   it   yesterday   delivered   on   time ,   no   problem .   it   s   so   cute   and   improbable ,   like   a   barbie   doll   toy   hairdryer   in   very   pink   plastic ,   just   like   its   picture   online   in   its   box ,   complete   with   miniature   pink   plastic   diffuser   concentrator .   but   it   works   as   well   as   a   larger   hairdryer ,   certainly   far ,   far   better   than   a   hotel   wall   dryer ,   and   better   than   some   full   sized   ones ,   too .   and   it   is   extremely   light ,   not   tiring   on   the   arms .   the   diffuser   successfully   brought   out   waves   in   my   hair   the   concentrator   straightened   my   bangs .   i   bought   it   to   fit   in   my   carry   on   luggage ,   which   it   does   nicely .   what   s   not   to   like  
i   have   always   used   con   air   products   and   have   been   very   happy   with   them   i   have   had   a   hair   dryer   for   years   when   it   gave   out .   i   have   always   used   con   air   products   and   have   been   very   happy   with   them .   this   hair   dryer   does   not   disappoint .   great   product   has   several   sets   to   choose   from   and   a   cool   button   which   is   really   neat   feature   i   never   had   that   before .   it   has   high   power   but   not   overwhelming   for   you   or   your   hair .   love   this   product   and   love   conair !
five   stars   excellent   product .....
professional   quality   at   a   reasonable   price   like   many   people ,   i   have   been   buying   the   very   cheap   hairdryers   sold   at   consumer   retail   stores   like   kmart   and   walmart .   i   assumed   they   were   good   enough   but   they   never   last   very   long .   i   finally   decided   to   get   a   pro   model .   this   hairdryer   is   what   my   hair   stylist   has   so   i   decided   to   try   it .   i   am   sorry   i   waited   so   long   to   treat   myself   to   such   a   nice   experience .   the   quality   of   the   air   flow ,   the   excellent   sound   and   the   overall   feel   is   well   worth   the   cost .   i   hope   it   will   last   many   years .   br   br   i   do   wish   the   diffuser   had   come   with   it .   however   i   have   one   on   order .   also   i   took   off   a   star   because   i   would   like   high   heat   on   low   fan   to   be   just   a   little   hotter .
great   little   styling   tool !   light   weight   and   efficient .   very   easy   to   use .   just   what   i   wanted   for   travel ,   when   i   don   t   want   to   take   my   big   heavy   dryer .
solid   construction   attractive   good   solid   unit .   feels   super   well   constructed .   i   am   an   electrical   engineer   and   appreciate   the   solid   heavy   motor .   this   likely   means   it   will   last .   it   moves   a   bunch   of   air .   it   heats   quickly   and   strongly   without   odor .   does   a   terrific   job   on   hair .   noise   level   is   quite   low   for   the   amount   of   air   its   moving .   the   surface   finish   remains   excellent   after   6   months   of   heavy   use .   my   wife   loves   it .   the   buttons   are   placed   such   that   neither   one   of   us   inadvertently   changes   the   settings   during   use .   neither   of   use   uses   the   attachments   so   no   help   there .   br   br   while   i   stress   the   solid   feel   of   the   unit   as   a   good   thing ,   i   don   t   feel   it   is   too   heavy   and   neither   does   my   wife .   i   guess   it   depends   on   your   expectations .   it   will   probably   strike   some   as   too   heavy .   not   us .
excellent   product   for   such   a   great   price   excellent   product   for   such   a   great   price .   hearts   well ,   folds   even   better !   impressed .   update ...   after   using   it   maybe   once   a   month   4   5   times   since   purchase   the   retractable   cord   no   longer   works .   very   surprised   because   it   seemed   like   a   pretty   good   product .   still   works   decently   well   but   that   sucks !
four   stars   it   is   the   best
it   s   even   cute !   it   s   pink !   works   great .   super   deal .   super   price .   i   bought   this   on   amazon   after   reading   reviews .   it   works   great .   i   have   no   complaints   whatsoever .
three   stars   switch   is   hard   to   turn   on   off .
i   got   a   pro   versa   instead   of   jerdon ,   amazon   says   ...   i   got   a   pro   versa   instead   of   jerdon , amazon   says   pro   versa   makes   jerdon , no   speeds   or   heat   settings , just   on   and   off   button , unfortunately   its   already   on   wall , did   not   notice   til   after , heck   of   a   time   putting   it   up   also ,   very   difficult , will   not   buy   again
three   stars   fine   product
the   on   off   switch   is   broken .   the   only   way   ...   the   on   off   switch   is   broken .   the   only   way   to   turn   it   on   is   by   pressing   white   button   on   plug   and   turn   it   off   by   unplugging .   not   what   i   normally   expect   from   an   amazon   or   revlon   product .
the   dryer   still   works   great   after   every   day   use   the   retracting   cable   feature   stopped   working   on   me   after   a   year .   the   dryer   still   works   great   after   every   day   use .
one   star   boughtt   in   july   2013 .... now   the   hot   setting   goes   from   hot   to   cold   all   while   in   the   hot   setting .....
four   stars   easliy   installed   and   works   well .....
four   stars   works   great
broken   less   than   2   years !   when   it   works ,   it   a   lightweight   and   powerful   hair   dryer .   however ,   it   started   to   make   weird   noises   and   squeaky   sounds   after   1   year   and   three   months .   other   hair   dryers   i   used   usually   last   more   than   2.5   years !
great   hair   dryer   this   is   a   really   good   hair   dryer .   most   other   models   either   have   low   airflow   or   are   very   loud   and   hurt   my   ears .   this   one   is   hot ,   has   high   airflow   and   the   sound   is   soft   and   easy   on   my   sensitive   ears .
great   product   and   price   great   product   and   price .   strong   airflow   and   nice   setting   options .   get   s   my   very   long   hair   dry   fast .   replaced   older   model   that   i   had   had   for   over   5   years .   hope   this   one   last   as   long
i   love   it .   this   is   lightweight   and   powerful .   i   bought   three   of   them   so   that   i   could   use   two   as   gifts .   i   love   it .
excellent   product   dries   my   hair   very   quickly ,   the   different   heat   settings   are   wonderful !   it   works   perfectly .
really   good   blow   dryer   my   first   1   finally   just   burnt   out   ...   really   good   blow   dryer   my   first   1   finally   just   burnt   out   after   4   years ,   and   i   refuse   to   use   a   different   blow   dryer   besides   this   1 ...   so   i   m   onto   my   second   1   but   hey   after   4   years   its   about   that   time !
worst   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased   worst   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased .   the   attachments   do   not   slide   on   well ,   it   does   not   dry   my   hair   well ,   and   the   bristles   on   the   brush   aren   t   stiff   enough .   unfortunately   i   missed   my   window   to   return   the   item .   i   ll   have   to   buy   another   brand   and   will   just   keep   this   one   in   the   garage   if   i   ever   need   to   blow   something   dry .   at   least   it   wasn   t   very   expensive .
nothing   beats   a   t3   dryer ! ! !   t3   makes   the   best   hair   dryers .   this   is   my   third   t3   dryer ... the   first   i   had   for   4yrs   it   only   broke   after   being   dropped   for   the   tenth   time ,   the   second   i   had   for   2yrs   it   shorted   out   on   vacation   in   cuba   no   fault   of   the   dryers   just   my   own   stupidity ,   they   are   made   well   to   last   and   this   third   t3   i   ve   had   for   1yr .   i   have   long ,   thick ,   corse ,   frizz   prone   hair   used   to   burn   out   other   hair   dryers   in   only   a   few   uses   whereas   these   t3   dryers   dry   it   super   fast   with   no   frizz   it   looks   shiny   after   and   they   last   forever .   the   concentrated   nozzle   is   great   for   smooth   looks   and   i   love   the   diffuser   for   beachy   waves .   invest   in   this   dryer   and   you   won   t   be   sorry ,   just   don   t   take   it   on   vacation   it   will   last   for   years   and   years .
...   loves   it   and   it   works   so   i   guess   it   s   great .   mom   loves   it   and   it   works   so   i   guess   it   s   great .
waste   of   money   effort   don   t   waste   your   money .   i   bought   this   for   my   14   yr   old   daughter   for   christmas .   she   was   very   disappointed   so   was   i   !   it   has   only   been   used   or   attempted   to   use   just   once .   after   5   minutes   of   frustration   my   daughter   gave   up   trying   to   dry   her   hair   saying   that   34   it   just   doesn   t   get   hard   or   blow   hardly   any   air .   34   we   re   keeping   it   to   blow   dry   our   dog ,   a   small   pekingese .   other   than   that ,   it   s   useless .   again ,   save   your   money   skip   this   product
nice   little   dryer   very   high   powered   drying   with   3   heat   settings ,   and   3   power   settings .   really   like   the   way   it   streamlines   the   air .   have   not   tried   the   diffuser   yet   but   i   am   sure   it   works   well .   got   it   to   replace   a   20   year   old   dryer   that   was   on   its   last   leg .   only   one   coil   was   working .   dries   my   hair   in   about   a   third   of   the   time .   would   recommend   to   a   friend .
oldfasion   style ,   better   design ,   quieter   operation   it   is   hard   to   find   a   pistol   style   hair   dryer   these   day .   i   assume   that   majority   went   less   bulky   shape   because   it   look   nicer .   my   first   priority   is   quiet   operations   and   this   pistol   shape   produce   quieter   air   flows .
i   like   the   blow   dryer   i   like   the   blow   dryer .   i   thought   it   was   going   to   be   a   compact   size   but   nope   its   a   big   one .   i   love   the   color   and   its   very   light   weight
cant   be   more   happy   with   it   just   got   the   remington   last   week ,   cant   be   more   happy   with   it .   the   three   temperatures   on   it   are   just   right   i   am   excited   to   say   that   there   is   an   actual   difference   between   hot   and   warm   air .   unlike   most   other   hair   dryers   this   one   does   not   damage   or   overheat   my   hair .   after   i   m   done   using   it   my   hair   feels   soft   and   doesn   t   feel   tangled .   br   another   great   thing   about   it   is   the   amount   if   air   this   little   guy   pushes   out .   i   can   dry   my   hair   on   a   cool   setting   withing   5   minutes   no   problem ,   and   if   i   use   warm   air   it   takes   me   about   3   minutes .   br   this   hair   dryer   is   pretty   light   weight   so   styling   my   hair   easy   and   takes   little   time .   br   love   this   model   especially   with   the   cost   of   it .   it   s   a   great   buy .   if   you   are   in   the   market   for   a   good   hair   dryer ,   and   are   looking   for   a   reasonable   price   this   is   it .   worth   every   penny .
yes   you   must   get   one .   what   an   ingenious   idea ! ! !   great   hair   dryer !
five   stars   this   dryer   is   amazing .
not   worth   it   at   any   price   purchased   in   february   2014   and   quit   working   in   november   2014 .   i   should   have   heeded   the   other   negative   reviews .   and   if   amazon   were   brick   and   mortar   or   had   a   phone   number   where   i   could   contact   them ,   then   possibly   we   could   have   at   least   discussed ,   and   or   they   could   have   offered   to   replace   the   dryer   with   a   working   one .   it   only   worked   for   nine   months   come   on ....
it   takes   some   precision   switching   fr   hot   to   cool   vise   versa   it   takes   some   precision   switching   fr   hot   to   cool   vise   versa ,   otherwise   it   s   great   i   can   mount   on   the   wall   folded   in   half   w   no   cord .
i   have   always   hated   blow   drying   my   hair   i   have   always   hated   blow   drying   my   hair ,   but   this   dryer   makes   it   easier   due   to   the   handle   being   so   thin .   i   usually   use   it   on   low   settings   and   it   works   great .   i   love   this   hair   dyer .
five   stars   perfect   size   for   gym   bag
it   s   the   best   hair   dryer   ever   it   s   the   best   hair   dryer   ever !   love   it   soooooo   much .   after   using   it ,   my   hair   becomes   more   shining   and   healthy .   definitely   recommended   for   everyone !
read   the   description   carefully   be   careful   that   you   are   selecting   what   you   want .   i   didn   t   read   the   description   closely   and   thought   it   was   the   kind   of   dryer   i   was   replacing   that   wired   into   the   wall .   this   one   plugs   in   to   an   outlet   and   it   has   been   a   challenge   to   mount   since   the   footprint   of   the   base   is   smaller   than   the   one   i   had   previously .   my   fault ,   not   theirs ,   but   the   image   looks   exactly   like   what   i   had .   we   eventully   bought   a   picture   frame ,   put   scrapbook   paper   in   it   and   bolted   the   dryer   mounting   to   the   frame   and   the   frame   to   the   wall   to   cover   the   previous   dryer   s   footprint .   a   bit   of   a   challenge ,   but   the   result   looks   ok .
versatile   dryer   that   leaves   my   hair   looking   great   this   hair   dryer   does   a   wonderful   job .   my   hair   comes   out   shiny   and ,   with   the   diffuser   that   is   included ,   i   can   maintain   the   curls   and   waves   that   are   natural   to   my   hair .   the   nozzle   can   be   set   for   precision   when   drying   and   there   is   a   cool   shot   button   in   case   the   air   feels   too   hot .   three   temperature   settings   make   this   dryer   versatile   and   useful   for   wet   or   damp   hair .   there   is   also   a   quick   dry   nozzle   attachment   that   disperses   air   throughout   the   head   and   makes   drying   very   quick .   i   would   only   recommend   this   if   you   are   in   a   rush   because   i   found   my   hair   duller   looking   when   i   used   this   attachment .   however ,   there   are   days   when   a   quick   dry   comes   in   very   handy .   the   hair   dryer   s   description   says   that   it   utilizes   ions   in   the   air   to   maintain   moisture   in   your   hair .   whatever   method   it   uses ,   it   really   works   and   is   the   nicest   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .
one   star   it   did   not   fir   my   hair   dryer .
great   for   fine   hair   hair   dryer   is   very   suitable   for   my   fine ,   short   and   not   very   thick   hair .   i   used   it   on   the   lowest   setting   and   it   felt   just   right   gentle   and   not   extremely   hot .   i   also   liked   its   comb   attachment   it   helped   me   dry   hair   faster .   br   comparing   this   dryer   to   my   older   philips   i   moved   so   i   had   to   leave   it   in   another   country   ,   i   must   note   that   this   dryer   provides   weaker   blow .   i   think   it   is   because   of   much   bigger   output   vent .   br   minus   1   star   because   there   is   no   ceramic   heating   element   just   wires .
five   stars   make   hair   blowing   time   a   breeze
five   stars   great   product   !
five   stars   great
five   stars   good   product   and   good   company   to   order   from .
hair   dryer   product   as   advertised .   works   well .   boost   button   nice   feature .   power   switch   seem   a   tad   fragile .   i   am   satisfied   with   this   purchase .
four   stars   still   going   strong   and   i   use   it   daily
five   stars   works   great
five   stars   it   works   very   good   and   really   worth   its   price .   recommended  
five   stars   arrived   as   promised
definitely   worth   it   this   hair   dryer   is   fantastic !   i   have   thick   curly ,   long   hair   almost   all   the   way   down   my   back   and   it   takes   about   4   6   hours   to   air   dry   my   hair .   i   hate   hair   dryers   though   because   they   make   my   hair   brittle   and   dry .   this   one   does   not   do   that   in   fact ,   y   hair   looks   shinier .   br   br   it   s   very   easy   to   operate .
love   it   use   it   every   day
five   stars   grand   budget   buy   plenty   of   power   and   heat   and   nice   and   compact   too .
great   small   blower   for   home   great   small   blower   for   home ,   its   compact   and   slick   design .   just   make   sure   don   t   drop   on   the   floor ,   it   might   damage   the   fan   easily .
good   buy   for   the   price   i   m   glad   to   buy   this   dryer .   it   s   powerful   enough   to   dry   long   hair   in   a   few   minutes .
it   s   to   dry   for !   i   am   not   one   to   buy   an   expensive   hair   dryer ,   but   this   panasonic   with   nanoe   technology   is   worth   every   penny .   the   quality   is   self   evident   when   you   open   the   package   and   pull   out   this   professional   sized   hairdryer .   although   it   looks   like   it   would   weigh   a   lot ,   it   is   surprisingly   light   and   easy   to   handle .   the   controls   are   simple   on   the   handle ,   with   one   side   of   the   switch   for   temperature ,   cool ,   warm ,   and   hot .   the   other   switch   is   for   high   or   low   air   flow ,   yielding   6   possible   combinations .   the   nanoe   comes   with   three   nozzles ,   which   slip   onto   the   front   of   the   dryer .   the   set   nozzle   for   precise   styling ,   the   quick   dry   nozzle   for   drying   hair   quickly   and   the   diffuser   for   creating   full   bodied   hair   with   volume   and   styling .   the   is   also   a   cool   shot   button   on   the   handle   to   temporarily   turn   of   the   heat ,   to   allow   time   to   style .   the   dryer   comes   with   a   heavy   duty   9   foot   cord   with   a   safety   overheating   reset   plug .   br   br   the   panasonic   has   nanoe   technology ,   which   takes   moisture   from   the   air   and   your   hair   and   puts   moisture   rich   particles ,   small   enough   to   penetrate   your   hair   shafts .   that   s   quite   a   mouthful .   what   it   did   for   my   hair   was   make   it   soft   and   silky ,   and   i   can   see   nuances   in   the   color   which   i   didn   t   notice   before .   the   blonde   is   blonder ,   the   brown   is   richer .   my   hair   dried   quickly   and   quietly ,   none   of   the   loud   buzzing   in   my   ear .   as   i   run   my   fingers   through   my   hair ,   there   is   none   of   that   dry ,   frizzy ,   overblown   feeling   with   my   lower   priced   dryers .   br   br   for   results   like   this ,   you   need   to   make   an   appointment   at   a   salon .   if   this   is   in   your   budget ,   highly   recommended .
disappointed   not   happy   at   the   quality   of   hair   dryer   for   the   price   i   paid   28 .   better   version   at   costco   for   20 .   i   had   a   previous   conair   hair   dryer   that   lasted   10   yrs   and   was   very   happy   with   it .   this   one   had   cheap   plastic   on   off   button   and   just   low   high   speed   blower .
great !   i   bought   this   for   my   rental   and   haven   t   tested   it   out   myself   but   it   s   perfect   for   that .   not   sure   about   everyday   use .
perfect   for   traveling   loves   br   great   for   travel   br   includes   a   storage   bag   br   and   includes   two   additional   pieces   to   attach   concentrator   diffuser   br   small   lightweight   br   br   the   bads   br   does   not   have   cold   air   setting   br   br   i   purchased   this   when   i   was   in   college   at   the   college   store   ,   and   it   was   perfect   for   the   constant   back   and   fourth   travel .   and   i   still   use   it   to   this   day   when   traveling .   i   love   how   small   it   is ,   and   yet   it   still   gets   the   job   done .
five   stars   very   very   good   quality
dissapointed   worked   for   5   seconds   then   stopped   working .   due   to   moving ,   this   disappeared   so   i   couldn   t   return ,   but   i   must   have   gotten   a   dud .   i   m   going   to   stick   with   my   regular   ionic   blow   dryer   for   gentle   effective   hair   drying .
fantastic   dryer   love   this   hairdryer .   i   found   it   in   a   hotel   in   houston   and   had   to   have   one   for   my   own .   it   blows   at   a   great   temperature   just   hot   enough   but   not   so   hot   as   to   burn   you   but   is   very   fast   due   to   the   high   velocity   of   air   it   outputs   from   the   dryer .   this   is   the   fastest   and   best   dryer   i   have   owned .
love   it .   hve   it   in   every   very   convenient .   love   it .   hve   it   in   every   bathroom
great   professional   hair   dryer !   great   professional   hair   dryer .   the   only   reason   i   d   dock   it   a   star   is   the   noise .   i   m   thinking   about   buying   the   silencer   to   see   if   that   will   help .   otherwise   it   really   gets   the   job   done !
great   dryer   great   dryer   does   its   job   no   complaints ..   br   weight   and   feel   are   great   so   no   issues .   br   the   rotating   handle   is   a   little   strange ,   but   it   is   a   nice   feature   when   it   does   need   to   be   folded   stashed   away .
five   stars   good   value !
andis   easy   mount   hair   dryer   we   have   used   this   for   7   years   .   we   have   four   and   have   only   replaced   2 .   visitor   dropping   it ,   slipped   out   of   hand .   like   the   ease   of   use .   speed   and   form .
too   loud ! !   not   enough   heat ! !   too   loud   ! !   not   enough   heat ! !
five   stars   not   super   strong ,   but   does   the   job .   can   t   beat   the   price  
rv   accessories   we   love   it ,   we   put   it   in   our   rv   because   an   rv   that   we   owned   had   one   and   i   think   that   they   should   be   a   standard   feature   in   all   rv   s
love ,   love ,   love ! ! ! ! !   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   its   construction   makes   it   easy   to   handle   regardless   of   which   portion   of   my   head   i   am   drying .   it   also   does   a   beautiful   job   of   drying   and   subduing   the   texture   of   my   fine ,   course   4c   hair .   i   don   t   have   to   use   high   heat   to   get   the   results   that   i   am   loving ,   loving ,   loving .
two   stars   not   powerful   enough   and   not   a   good   value   for   the   mney .
a   review   by   my   beautiful   wife   i   have   always   loved   conair   products   and   used   them   for   years .   i   had   an   old   conair   hair   dryer   since   early   2000   s   and   it   finally   took   a   dive .   what   i   loved   about   my   old   dryer   was   how   lightweight   and   powerful   it   was .   i   searched   on   amazon   for   the   same   and   or   similar   style   and   came   across   this .   the   conair   1875   watt   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   is   as   good   or   better   than   the   older   version ,   which   had   the   same   wattage .   it   is   lightweight ,   powerful ,   and   so   comfortable   to   use .   the   switches   were   an   important   part   for   me .   i   love   the   slide   switches   because   you   can   grab   it   by   the   handle   and   not   accidentally   turn   it   off   while   you   re   using   it .   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair   and   this   gets   the   job   done !   if   you   re   the   type   of   person   who   doesn   t   want   sore   arms   when   drying   your   hair ,   this   is   perfect   for   you !
four   stars   good ,   work   well
i   had   used   it   once   in   a   hotel .   i   like   it   getting   my   hair   dry   i   had   used   it   once   in   a   hotel .   i   like   it   getting   my   hair   dry   as   faster   as   my   old   one ,   and   a   big   plus   is   it   didn   t   sound   loudly   as   my   old   one .   yes ,   it   s   just   as   what   i   want .   then   i   rushed   online ,   and   ordered   it .   it   s   been   4   months   since ,   it   s   still   working   good .   love   it .
five   stars   super   good !
five   stars   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   and   i   love   that   it   hangs   on   the   wall   right   where   you   need   it .
wasn   t   as   good   as   i   hoped .   not   al   all   what   i   expected .   low   air   output .
i   would   recommend   it   to   everyone   this   dryer   replaced   my   dryer   of   4   years   and   has   a   lot   of   power .   i   would   recommend   it   to   everyone !
works   great   does   the   job   perfectly   and   fitted   my   hairdryer   with   no   issues .
yes !   this   is   completely   adorable   and   comes   in   a   zebra   striped   bag .   what   s   not   to   love   oh   yeah ,   great   job   at   drying   my   hair   as   well !
four   stars   works   well   and   not   too   noisy .
five   stars   this   item   is   exactly   what   i   replaced .   thank   you
a   happy   wife   is   a   happy   life   i   was   replacing   this   unit   with   another   sunbeam   wall   mount   that   my   wife   had   for   nearly   10   years .   when   this   arrived   first   the   hi   low   setting   didn   t   work .   also   it   isn   t   hard   wired   so   you   have   a   cord   dangling   off   the   wall .   that   was   my   fault   i   didn   t   realize   it   when   i   ordered   it .   so   i   returned   it   with   no   hassle   and   ordered   the   wall   mount   hard   wire   unit   with   three   settings   and   no   cord   to   tangle .   a   happy   wife   is   a   happy   life .
blue   sparks   but   best   blow   dryer   ever   i   have   had   this   for   less   than   a   month .   i   love   it .   but   after   the   2nd   time   i   used   it ,   it   started   sending   blue   sparks   out !   it   is   the   best   hair   dryer   ever ,   and   i   m   afraid   to   use   it   because   it   might   explode   or   set   my   hair   on   fire .   i   know   there   is   a   warranty   on   it .   i   have   just   emailed   remington ,   but   have   not   heard   back   yet .   i   would   have   given   this   5   stars   if   it   wasn   t   sparking   in   my   hand !   hopefully   they   will   send   me   new   one .
five   stars   received   on   time   and   as   descried .
great !   absolutely   love   it !
five   stars   a   great   hair   dryer .   excellent   features ,   and   very   attractive .
space   saver   fits   great   !   works   great !
five   stars   so   far   no   problems   with   it   just   a   bit   heavier   but   nothing   else ...
loud   but   mighty   this   is   a   good   little   hair   dryer .   the   only   problem   is   the   noise   it   produces .   it   sounds   like   a   jet   engine   in   the   34   high   34   mode .
five   stars   best   dryer   a   gir   could   ask   for ..   this   is   perfect   for   my   natural   hair
five   stars   works   great .
four   stars   it   makes   a   lot   of   noise ,   but   it   dries   my   whole   hair   in   less   than   5   min .
yes   !   space   saver .   works   great
love   the   cool   sitting   and   the   feel   of   it   does   its   job .   love   the   cool   sitting   and   the   feel   of   it .
great .   the   individual   heat   fan   speed   controls   are   ...   works   as   expected ...   great .   the   individual   heat   fan   speed   controls   are   a   very   nice   feature .
this   is   a   nice   dryer   but   i   saw   no   change   in   the   time   ...   this   is   a   nice   dryer   but   i   saw   no   change   in   the   time   it   took   to   dry   or   the   way   my   hair   felt   and   looked   after   use .   br   bottom   line ...   not   worth   the  
love   this   dryer   love   this   dryer .   best   i   ve   ever   owned !   love   how   it   is   so   quiet   as   well .   even   my   son   said   it   s   the   best .
three   stars   cute   but   cheaply   made .
great   buy .   although   i   bought   this   for   travel ,   i   like   it   more   then   my   regular   sized   dryer .   br   its   pink   but   appears   purple   in   the   picture ,   thats   the   only   reason   i   gave   it   a   4   instead   of   a   5 .
five   stars   worked   fine   for   me
my   favorite   dryer   my   favorite   hair   dryer   over   the   yrs .   great   for   traveling   as   still   find   the   occasional   lodging   without   dryers .
five   stars   good   buy
five   stars   best   that   i   have   ever   owned .
love   it   love   it
still   frizzy   i   really   don   t   notice   a   difference   in   thus   dryer   and   other   dryers .   my   hair   still   gets   very   frizzy   while   drying   and   hard   to   manage .   then   if   it   s   humid   out   stays   frizzy .   my   hair   doesn   t   look   healthy   when   i   use   this .   it   takes   me   a   long   time   to   blow   dry   my   medium   thick   19inch   hair .   again ,   i   don   t   know   if   all   dryers   would   be   the   same   for   me   but   i   mostly   let   it   air   dry   than   use   this .
don   t   waste   your   money !   not   what   i   expected .   the   dryer   is   poorly   made .   the   nozzle   flies   off   about   3   4   times   while   i   m   drying   my   hair .   it   s   very   annoying !   i   will   most   likely   return .
three   stars   its   okay   but   with   only   2   heat   control   is   not   good
five   stars   so   far   so   good !
andis   30975   hd   10l   1600w   quiet   hangup   hair   dryer   with   night   light   it   s   fairly   compact   and   not   very   noisy .   i   would   have   liked   a   bit   more   air   volume ,   but   it   s   ok   in   that   respect .   the   night   light   was   too   bright   so   i   disabled   it .   if   it   lasts   as   long   as   my   previous   andis ,   which   was   18   years ,   i   ll   be   well   satisfied .
five   stars   works   perfectly .   strong   and   compact
five   stars   replacing   earlier   unit ,   same   model .   found   only   on   amazon  
four   stars   excellent ,   powerful   motor   and   it   leaves   my   hair   very   shiny
great   blow   dryer   love   it   not   an   overly   strong   blow   dryer   which   i   like   because   i   don   t   have   thick   hair .   it   s   nice   and   light   so   my   arm   doesn   t   get   tired .   no   frizz   either .
five   stars   i   love   it ....
four   stars   makes   my   hair   so   smooth   with   no   frizz !
best   dryer .   good   size ,   good   power .
great   features ,   great   buy !   i   used   this   hairdryer   for   the   first   time   at   a   resort   that   we   were   staying   at   and   just   loved   it .   i   loved   the   idea   of   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   head ,   it   just   seemed   to   dry   my   hair   so   much   easier   and   better   that   what   i   had   used   previously .   before   i   left   the   resort   i   went   to   my   computer   and   looked   it   up   and   was   amazed   at   how   reasonably   priced   it   was   and   ordered   one   right   then .   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer !
five   stars   excellent .....
one   star   very   bad   hair   dryer ,   it   stopped   working   soon .
five   stars   good   quality
five   stars   good
conair   hair   dryer   i   like   this   hair   dryer ,   it   s   worth   the   price .   thank   you
ike   at   the   hairdresser   excellent !   finally   my   hair   is   like   at   the   hairdresser   hahaha
great   until   it   wasn   t .   i   liked   this   dryer   a   lot ,   and   it   was   a   great   dryer   for   the   price .   however ,   a   month   after   the   warranty   expired   it   started   shooting   out   green   sparks   and   losing   heat .   probably   won   t   bother   with   this   brand   again ,   as   i   see   the   same   thing   has   happended   to   other   users .
five   stars   awesome   worked   just   like   it   said   it   would !
great   blow   dryer   for   the   price ! ! !   this   inexpensive   blow   dryer   works   great !   i   m   an   african   american   woman   and   my   hair   isn   t   straight .   this   gets   it   there .   my   daughter   has   curly   hair   and   this   does   the   job   on   hers   as   well .   i   love   it !   it   s   a   quick   and   easy   blow   out !
four   stars   work   great   !
very   powerful   and   compact   design   i   really   like   this   hairdryer !   i   bought   it   to   replace   my   andis   30975   hd   10l   1600w   quiet   hangup   hair   dryer   with   night   light .   that   dryer   broke   after   a   year   of   use   and   had   a   disgusting   bright   green   nightlight .   this   sunbeam   is   wonderful !   it   is   very   powerful   and   super   compact   on   my   wall .   the   only   complaint   i   have   is   that   the   on   off   button   are   not   on   the   handle   but   on   the   hanger .   i   prefer   it   to   be   on   the   handle   but   that   is   just   a   personal   preference .
five   stars   light   and   very   quiet .
awesome !   dries   my   thick   hair   quickly   and   makes   it   really   smooth !   awesome !
five   stars   works   great .
fast   strong   wind
five   stars   works   great !
nice   product   i   needed   a   good   blow   dryer   because   i   m   going   natural   and   this   is   what   i   needed   to   keep   my   hair   healthy . the   quality   is   nice   and   the   price   is   nicer .
expensive   and   not   sure   it   s   worth   it   i   spent   more   money   on   this   dryer   than   i   have   any   other   before .   was   it   worth   the   price   i   don   t   think   so .   br   br   it   is   a   decent   dryer .... super   fast   drying ... so   if   you   have   thick   hair ,   you   ll   love   it .   my   problem   is   i   have   thin ,   fine   hair   and   i   d   prefer   a   lower   setting .   i   can   use   the   34   scalp   setting   34   but   even   that   is   a   bit   powerful .   i   like   a   lower   setting   to   style   my   hair   better .   this   just   blows   it   in   all   directions .   i   don   t   see   that   much   difference   to   be   honest   in   the   end   result   as   i   get   with   any   other   dryer .   br   br   i   won   t   send   it   back ... does   the   job   but   i   still   like   my   old   dryer   best   which   is   no   longer   made .
does   the   job .   its   a   hair   dryer !   works   fine .
awesome   hair   dryer ,   but   no   warranty   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   after   researching   for   more   than   probably   20   hours   to   figure   out   which   one   would   fit   my   needs ,   etc .   it   has   been   well   worth   it !   my   hair   dries   more   quickly   and   i   m   getting   awesome   results   with   my   round   brush   like   i   usually   get   at   the   salon .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product .   br   br   even   though   i   would   recommend   this   product ,   i   am   highly   disappointed   to   find   out   that   buying   through   amazon   and   a   3rd   party   i   am   not   covered   by   the   warranty   because   neither   of   the   companies   are   authorized   resellers   of   the   product .   i   found   this   out   as   i   was   completing   the   warranty   form   that   has   to   be   sent   in .   had   i   known   this   ahead   of   time   i   would   have   gone   to   one   of   the   authorized   seller   sites   and   paid   2   more   to   have   a   1   year   warranty .   i   am   returning   to   amazon   as   one   of   the   authorized   sellers   has   20   off   and   no   tax .
five   stars   excellent
buttons   are   flimsy   and   odd   this   hair   dryer   functions   properly   and   is   light   enough   to   maneuver ,   but   the   buttons   are   a   challenge   and   i   m   a   middle   aged   person   .   you   need   to   slide   them   up   to   manipulate   the   heat   level   and   another   parallel   set   of   sliding   buttons   to   turn   it   on .   it   s   a   struggle   every   day .
gets   the   job   done   bought   this   so   that   my   9   year   old   could   begin   drying   her   own   hair .   she   liked   the   bag   that   it   came   with   and   she   has   no   problem   holding   it ... the   full   size   driers   are   a   bit   heavy   for   her .   if   i   dry   her   hair   i   still   prefer   the   beastier   full   size .... its   faster .
four   stars   conforme   con   la   venta   y   recomiendo   al   vendedor
five   stars   perfect !
do   yourself   a   favor   and   don   t   buy   this !   i   could   kick   myself   for   throwing   away   my   old   bonnet   hair   dryer   twenty   years   ago .   it   worked   fine   but   blow   dryers   were   more   efficient .   i   bet   that   if   i   still   had   it ,   i   could   plug   it   in   and   it   would   work   much   better   than   this   model .   this   model   is   such   poor   quality   i   m   shocked   that   someone   would   even   sell   it !   the   unit   is   ok   after   3   uses   but   the   bonnet   is   so   cheap   that   the   plastic   connector   pulled   away   from   the   bonnet   on   the   second   use .   i   suspect   that   the   glue   they   use   is   not   heat   resistant   and   it   melted ,   because   it   started   to   emit   a   chemical   smell   right   before   the   plastic   ring   fell   out   of   the   bonnet .   do   yourself   a   favor   and   spend   the   extra   money   for   a   reputable   manufacturer .
it   s   a   nice   hair   dryer   it   s   a   nice   hair   dryer .   dries   hair   good .   has   different   options   to   chose   wether   you   want   to   dry   it   with   cold ,   warm   or   hot   air .   during   my   life   i   had   different   kind   of   hair   dryers ,   and   this   one   is   as   good   as   my   other   ones .   did   not   really   noticed   the   difference .   but   it   does   what   any   hair   drier   suppose   to   do .   and   yes ,   it   s   made   in   thailand .
we   are   extremely   please   with   the   design   and   the   white   night   light   is   a   nice   feature   and   not   too   bright   as   was   mentioned   in   ...   the   only   negative   reviews   i   read   about   this   and   all   other   dryers   is   that   some   die   too   early .   hopefully   this   one   will   not   suffer   from   early   death   syndrome .   it   is   ideal   for   bathrooms   with   limited   counter   space .   we   are   extremely   please   with   the   design   and   the   white   night   light   is   a   nice   feature   and   not   too   bright   as   was   mentioned   in   reviews   of   alternative   models .   chose   this   one   after   analyzing   reviews   of   all   models .   it   is   a   little   more   expensive   but   well   worth   it .
like   it   works   well .   lite   weight   for   travel   or   home .
good   product   very   lightweight   but   powerful .   my   hair   gets   dried   very   quickly .
nice   find .   really   nice   find .   saw   this   first   at   a   prominent   new   york   hotel   and   thought   if   it   s   good   enough   for   them   ...   we   ve   been   very   happy   with   it .   how   long   it   ll   last   who   knows .   but   so   far ,   so   very   good .
good   dood
dryer   is   excellent ,   night   light   not   to   good   dryer   is   excellent   , night   light   not   to   good .
not   happy   that   i   spent   40   do   not   buy   this .   bought   mine   in   sept   o1 ,   2014 .   went   to   dry   my   hair   last   night ,   nov   8   ,   2014 ,   would   not   turn   on .   only   used   this   dryer   maybe   6   times ,   only   blow   dry   my   hair   if   washed   late   at   night .   to   late   to   return   to   amazon .   six   uses   that   is   it .   it   does   have   a   reset   and   test   buttons   which   i   pressed   several   times .   still   the   dryer   would   not   turn   on .   not   happy   that   i   spent   40.00   for   a   hair   dryer   that   i   used   only   six   times .
this   is   the   best   dryer   for   thick   hair   and   beauties   with   natural   curly   hair   ...   this   is   the   second   time   i   ve   purchased   this   dryer .   it   s   long   lasting .   i   had   my   last   dryer   for   5   years   and   it   only   broke   because   i   dropped   it   twice   really   hard   on   tile   floors .   it   still   worked   but   i   could   hear   it   was   not   doing   well   so   i   purchased   another   one .   if   you   need   a   diffuser ,   bio   ionic   universal   diffuser   fits   perfectly .   this   is   the   best   dryer   for   thick   hair   and   beauties   with   natural   curly   hair   textures .   its   really   strong .   i   do   hair   on   the   side   and   its   perfect   for   heavy   use .
five   stars   perfect .   always   liked   these   off   the   counter   dryers   in   hotel   rooms .
five   stars   works   great   and   it   is   nice   and   compact .
five   stars   excelente   producto   llego   en   el   tiempo   previsto   recomiendo   a   la   tienda
highly   recommended   for   fine   hair   will   leave   hair   feeling   soft !   i   am   very   surprised   to   be   writing   a   raving   review   about   a   hair   dryer .   i   never   really   gave   much   thought   to   my   hair   dryer   and   the   potential   damage   it   could   do   to   my   hair .   my   last   dryer   it   was   either   a   clairol   or   revlon   i   threw   it   out   after   it   starting   throwing   sparks   left   my   hair   extremely   dry   after   approximately   two   years   use .   i   kept   switching   shampoos   and   conditioners ,   thinking   that   my   hair   was   just   changing   and   i   needed   to   find   a   new   product .   turns   out   all   i   had   to   do   was   buy   a   new   hair   dryer !   before   purchasing   this   dryer ,   i   read   a   few   online   articles   that   suggested   a   lower   wattage   dryer   for   fine   hair .   that   is   basically   how   i   ended   up   with   this   dryer   it   was   the   lowest   wattage   dryer   besides   a   travel   dryer   for   a   reasonable   price .   i   have   only   been   using   it   for   a   few   weeks   now   and   the   difference   in   the   feel   of   my   hair   has   been   unbelievable   extremely   soft !   in   addition ,   the   dryer   is   surprisingly   quiet   and   dries   my   full   head   of   hair   in   less   time   than   my   prior   dryer .   overall ,   i   recommend   this   product .
five   stars   excellent !   will   surely   buy   again .   does   the   job   right .
light   weight ,   not   too   noisy   and   plenty   of   airflow   ...   light   weight ,   not   too   noisy   and   plenty   of   airflow .   not   sure   it   will   last   a   long   time ,   but   well   worth   the   cost .   bought   two   of   them .   br   br   update   since   reviewing   this ,   both   units   have   failed   in   the   same   way ,   power   switch   stops   working .   too   bad ,   these   are   cheap ,   light   weight ,   not   too   noisy   and   good   airflow .
five   stars   great   buy !
love   it !   it   dries   my   hair   so   quick   leaving   is   so   smooth ,   love   it ! ! !
five   stars   a   good   buy   for   the   money .
one   star   nunca   recibi   el   producto .   me   gustaria   que   me   repusieran   el   dinero   por   favor
perfect   perfect   for   anyone .   i   use   two   of   these   in   a   rental   condo   with   zero   problems .
three   stars   good   hair   dryer   but   kinda   heavy
wonderful   hair   dryer   wonderful   hair   dryer .   i   bought   this   one   for   my   camper   and   after   using   it   i   put   my   more   expensive   one   in   the   camper   and   brought   this   one   in   the   house .   it   dries   my   long   hair   much   faster   and   somehow   leaves   it   less   frizzy .   i   was   skeptical   of   the   ionic   feature   but   after   using   it   i   will   not   use   anything   else .   i   love   it !
it   works .   more   money   makes   for   a   better   upgrade .
short   fingers   on   a   round   diffuser   are   hard   to   find !   this   is   the   only   diffuser   of   this   variety   i   ve   ever   found   that   has   short   fingers .   normally   the   fingers   are   so   long   that   it   is   impossible   to   get   the   heat   close   enough   to   my   hair   to   not   take   forever   to   dry .   i   hated   those   long   fingers   when   i   had   long   hair ,   and   i   still   hate   them   now   that   i   have   short   not   even   to   my   chin   hair !   this   diffuser   does   blow   hair   around   a   bit   more   than   a   traditional   diffuser   for   example ,   the   old   school   ones   w   the   black   foam   like   material   ,   but   this   doesn   t   bother   me   since   my   curls   are   uneven   in   texture   and   lend   themselves   to   a   beach   y ,   messy   type   of   look .   might   cause   frizz   for   tight   curls ,   though .
perfect   for   all   types   of   hair ...   this   hair   dryer   is   the   best   anywhere .   this   is   my   second   purchase   due   to   one   of   my   granddaughters   breaking   the   previous   one .   will   order   again   in   the   future   if   need   be .
not   for   large   or   jumbo   rollers   it   is   a   good   product   if   you   re   using   small   or   medium   rollers .   the   bonnet   is   too   small   for   large   or   jumbo   rollers   so   i   only   used   once   and   packed   it   in   my   closet   for   whenever   i   decide   to   cut   my   hair   shorter   and   can   use   smaller   rollers .   it   only   came   with   one   attachment ,   not   two   like   the   picture   shows .   i   like   how   you   can   store   the   hose ,   bonnet ,   and   power   cord   inside   the   case .
lightweight   and   easy   to   install   was   easy   to   install   instructions   made   installation   seem   more   complicated   that   it   was   and   works   well   no   louder   than   your   average   dryer   .   i   like   not   having   to   unplug   my   dryer ,   wrap   the   cord   up ,   and   place   it   in   a   drawer .   what   can   i   say ,   a   minute   saved   is   a   minute   earned ,   and   i   reclaimed   much   needed   drawer   space   by   replacing   my   old ,   bulky ,   heavyweight   dryer   with   this   wall   mounted   one .   i   only   wish   i   had   purchased   it   earlier .   it   is   also   very   lightweight   so   my   arm   doesn   t   get   tired   when   i   m   drying   my   hair .
best   blowdryer   on   earth !   awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
five   stars   it   s   really   safe ,   and   convenient .   i   could   curl   my   hair   or   just   dry   it .
five   stars   great
i   love   it .   it   s   perfect   i   love   it .   it   s   perfect .   it   actually   works   and   does   what   it   says   it   will .   accurate   temps   and   a   wide   range   of   temps .   very   adjustable .   only   slight   downside   is   it   requires   a   strong   hand   to   screw   in   stuff   when   setting   up   otherwise   it   s   wobbly .
conair   1875   watt   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   i   found   the   conair   1875   watt   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   very   hard   to   turn   on ,   choose   my   heat   selection   and   choose   the   intensity   of   the   blower .   i   think   conair   should   have   made   the   ridges   on   the   two   selectors   more   pronounced .   i   also   found   the   low   setting   far   too   powerful   to   comfortably   style   my   bangs .   what   i   do   like ,   compared   to   other   hair   dryer   makes   is   that   the   cold   air   button   was   extremely   user   friendly .   the   dryer   itself   works   just   fine   and   is   comfortable   to   hold .
love   the   small   size !   small ,   light ,   powerful ,   good   amount   of   heat .
would   like   it   to   have   a   little   more   power   but   it   is   most   important   that   it   is   more   quiet   and   works   well !   would   like   it   to   have   more   power   but   love   that   it   is   more   quite   than   most !   this   hair   dryer   works   well   and   i   always   use   it   on   high   as   anything   lower   is   not   very   strong   at   all .   its   a   great   price   for   the   quality .   br   i   bought   it   to   replace   one   that   was   screaming   loud   and   it   is   so   much   more   quiet   than   my   old   one !   i   appreciate   that   it   will   not   make   me   loose   my   hearing   while   helping   me   have   a   good   hair   day !
still   awesome !   used   this   for   year ,   still   awesome !
five   stars   does   good
nice   compact   size   strong   powerful   air   flow ,   dries   hair   quickly ,   nice   compact   size ,   lightweight .   wish   it   had   a   better   button   for   controlling   the   shot   of   cool   setting .
...   the   past   3   months   and   i   gotta   say   i   love   it !   my   only   problem   with   it   is   how   ...   i   ve   used   this   little   guy   daily   for   the   past   3   months   and   i   gotta   say   i   love   it !   br   br   my   only   problem   with   it   is   how   bulky   the   plug   is .   i   mean ,   seriously ,   if   you   want   it   to   be   a   portable   dryer ,   don   t   have   the   end   of   the   cord   be   almost   as   big   as   the   handle .   br   br   in   terms   of   performance ,   however ,   i   cannot   complain .
great   dryer ,   weird   peely   covering .   great   hair   dryer ,   just   leaving   a   quick   review   to   state   that ,   like   others   have   stated ,   the   matte   rubber   covering   on   my   dryer   is   all   peeling   off   on   the   handle   and   taking   the   words   with   it ...   .   this   doesn   t   affect   the   usability   of   the   dryer ,   but   it   s   ugly   and   i   have   to   memorize   all   of   the   settings   before   they   disappear .   it   took   about   a   week   of   everyday   use   before   mine   started   to   peel .   otherwise ,   the   dryer   dries   my   hair   in   an   expeditious   manner ,   which   is   really   all   you   can   ask   of   a   hair   dryer .  
five   stars   very   good !   excellent .   it   works .   i   love   it !
one   star   unfortunately   i   banned   it   wrong   power   connection   for   australia
five   stars   best   dryer   i   ve   had   in   years !
it   is   great !   my   hairstylist   even   thinks   so !   this   has   to   be   one   of   the   best   hairdryers   ive   bought .   the   plum   sparkle   coloring   is   spectacular .   it   is   a   little   heavy   but   not   real   noticeable .   the   only   thing   that   34   erks   34   me   is   where   the   buttons   are .   if   you   are   use   to   holding   it   a   certain   way ,   you   may   have   to   change   that .   i   miss   having   a   rewindable   cord   too ,   but   thats   okay   with   me .   it   is   great !   my   hairstylist   even   thinks   so !
five   stars   i   love   it !
four   stars   works   great   so   far ,   heats   up   fast ,   and   was   a   good   price !   no   issues   so   far !
gooood   great   for   home   use   ! ! ! ! !
five   stars   just   what   i   wanted .
five   stars   excellent
works   great !   no   messy   cord   i   don   t   know   why   there   are   so   many   negative   reviews ,   other   than   maybe   operator   error .   this   hair   dryer   is   great ,   it   dries   my   hair   much   faster   than   my   other   revlon   which   is   about   3   years   old   and   i   love   the   different   settings .   i   wash   my   hair   every   other   day ,   so   it   doesn   t   get   daily   use ,   but   so   far   so   good .   the   cord   will   only   retract   well   if   you   have   the   handle   extended ,   if   you   try   to   fold   the   handle   and   then   retract   it   wont   work .   it   is   nice   and   compact   to   keep   folded   in   my   bathroom .
ok   for   the   price   i   can   t   say   i   am   disappointed ,   but   my   last   conair   was   better .   however ,   it   burnt   out   within   a   year ,   possibly   because   i   dropped   it ,   but   this   time   i   didn   t   want   to   spend   too   much   cash   to   replace   it   and   that   one   is   no   longer   available .   fyi   the   one   i   had   and   bought   on   amazon   was   conair   213xp   infiniti   professional   tourmaline   ceramic   technology   ionic   styler ,   black   br   br   i   selected   this   one   because   i   was   so   pleased   with   the   last   one .   br   br   the   color   and   functionality   of   this   dryer   are   it   s   best   features .   it   probably   makes   a   better   34   travel   34   dryer   than   anything .   it   doesn   t   allow   you   to   adjust   the   temp   cool ,   warm ,   hot   ,   but   it   does   have   a   cold   shot   button .   you   can   only   choose   high   or   low   speeds .   i   totally   missed   those   details   in   the   online   description   that   before   my   purchase .   i   did   watch   the   video   and   it   is   what   sold   me ,   but   the   video   makes   this   dryer   look   more   powerful   than   it   really   is .   perhaps   if   you   don   t   have   thick   hair   like   me   it   would   perform   more   to   my   liking .   br   br   in   my   opinion ,   i   don   t   think   it   is   even   close   to   salon   performance .   it   says   it   uses   ion   technology ,   but   my   last   conair   that   was   labeled   ionic   worked   so   much   better   and   dried   my   hair   faster   with   hardly   any   frizz .   this   gets   the   job   done ,   it   dries   my   hair   pretty   fast ,   but   my   hair   is   very   frizzy   after   which   annoys   me .   i   will   probably   take   the   plunge   and   buy   a   higher   end   hair   dryer   in   the   future ,   until   then ,   this   is   ok   and   will   get   me   through !
five   stars   blow   dryer   is   awesome !   works   great
ok   only   for   drying ,   not   styling .   on   high   heat   dryer   blows   hair   so   hard   you   cannot   style   the   hair ,   it   just   frizzes .   on   medium   heat   the   dryer   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   when   styling .   it   takes   forever   to   dry   on   medium .   in   my   opinion   this   unit   is   best   as   a   blow   34   dryer   34   ,   not   a   styler .
five   stars   excellent   product .   light ,   powerful   and   practical .
great   hair   dryer ..... great   price   i   had   been   using   something   similar   for   years .   it   had   belonged   to   my   95   year   old   mother   and   lasted   through   her   life   and   most   of   mine   and   one   morning   i   turned   it   on   and   zilch ,   it   had   died .   since   i   am   pretty   much   housebound   i   wondered   what   to   do   next .   good   ole   amazon   came   to   the   rescue .   it   arrived   much   sooner   than   originally   planned   and   i   was   delighted .   the   equipment   works   extremely   well   with   various   speeds   and   protective   gear   for   a   bathroom   switch .   the   only   fault   i   found   was   that   there   were   other   pieces   for   directing   air   flow   that   came   with   no   explanation   of   how   to   connect   them .   i   don   t   use   them   anyway   but   it   would   have   been   nice   to   have   had   some   directions   especially   for   the   mechanically   impaired   like   myself .   otherwise   a   wonderful   hair   dryer   for   a   cheap   price .
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer ,   gets   your   hair   dry   in   no   time   and   the   cord   gets   store   in   the   same   dryer ,   my   daughter   loves   it ,   thanks   a   lot ! !
five   stars   good ,   very   strong   wind
five   stars   good   deal
great   value .   not   a   professional   one   great   value .   not   a   professional   one ,   but   great   for   home   use .
...   dryer   more   than   once   over   the   years   and   i   like   the   way   it   i   have   purchased   this   blow   dryer   more   than   once   over   the   years   and   i   like   the   way   it   works
no   bathroom   should   be   without   one   i   love   this   dryer .   keeps   countertop   de   cluttered   and   right   at   hands   reach .   i   was   used   to   more   air   pressure   but   have   adjusted   to   it .   my   sister   also   bought   one   and   loves   it .
it   gets   the   job   done .   this   item   works   well .   although   the   medium   and   high   settings   seem   to   be   the   same .   but   it   didn   t   really   bother   my   because   i   was   trying   not   to   use   it   on   such   a   high   setting   anyway   to   prevent   damage ..   my   only   complaint   is   that   i   wanted   to   dry   my   hair   using   the   cool   button ,   i   found   that   pressing   it   made   my   hand   hurt ,   it   wasn   t   easy   to   hold   down ,   felt   like   i   was   getting   a   cramp .   and   depending   on   what   product   you   have   in   my   your   hair   the   whole   dryer   might   slide   from   your   hand .   other   that   that   it   seems   to   be   a   good   product ,   it   gets   the   job   done ,   and   doesn   t   feel   wimpy   in   the   hand ..   if   you   have   curly   or   corse   hair   then   you   won   t   find   the   brush   attachment   helpful .
four   stars   i   like   it .   not   to   noisy .   not   to   heavy .
five   stars   love   it   so   far .   very   strong   blowing   unlike   some   of   the   other   dryers   i   ve   owned .
dryer   itself   works   fine ,   but   the   on   off   and   temperature   switches   are   ...   dryer   itself   works   fine ,   but   the   on   off   and   temperature   switches   are   poorly   designed   and   hard   to   use .   if   my   hands   are   wet   or   have   hair   products   on   them   i   can   t   adjust   them   at   all .
three   stars   the   cord   does   not   retract   very   well .
works   well .   love   the   cord   keeper   i   have   a   few   of   these   for   different   rooms .   works   well   and   cord   retractor   makes   cleaning   easy .
five   stars   good   product   for   it   s   price .
a   satisfactory !   i   think   i   should   give   this   hairdryer   a   five   star   cuz   for   the   price   and   the   size ,   it   s   definitely   a   satisfactory   for   me .   would   be   perfect   if   it   could   bent   but   what   the   heck .   br   it   does   the   job   really   good   with   1200w .   the   nozzle   of   course   helps   a   lot .   br   i   got   the   older   blue   conair   travel   hairdryer ,   can   t   remember   the   name   and   i   liked   it ,   but   this   one   is   way   better .
five   stars   excelente
five   stars   this   works   great   i   love   it .
love   it   good   price ,   blow   strong .   not   too   big .   love   it .
great   hair   dryer ,   salon   quality   great   hair   dryer ,   salon   quality .   fast   shipping .
coolest   dryer   ever   i   absolutely   love   this   blow   dryer .   its   lightweight ,   easy   to   handle ,   quite   and   powerful .   great   buy
ok   just   ok
tough   hair   dryer   easy   for   a   no   stylist   person   like   me !   i   am   not   a   salon   styilst ,   just   someone   who   likes   to   dry   her   hair   at   home   at   anytime ,   even   at   midnight   if   it   is   when   the   time   is   available .   i   used   to   go   to   a   beaty   salon   to   have   my   hair   dry .   it   took   usually   45   50   minutes   for   my   stylist   to   dry   my   hair ,   which   is   just   not   long ,   thick   and   wavy   i   have   a   lot   of   it ,   too   my   stylist   used   to   joke   saying   i   had   to   heads   in   one ,   but   sometimes   another   stylist   would   come   to   give   her   a   hand ...   imagine   to   people   pulling   at   your   hair   at   the   same   time ...   it   felt   as   if   they   were   trying   to   split   my   head   in   two ,   sometimes !   .   my   stylist   is   great ,   and   became   my   great   friend ,   but   no   matter   how   well   she   treated   my   hair ,   and   how   many   conditioners ,   etc .   i   used ,   my   hair   got   scorched   enough   that   a   some   of   it   was   always   breaking   in   half ,   the   natural   waviness   lost   in   an   ugly   way   the   half   of   the   hair   closest   to   the   roots ,   the   other   half   wavy   still ...   when   i   had   my   hair   wet ,   it   looked   weird   .   br   br   one   day   i   decided   to   get   myself   a   blowdryer ,   and   got   the   fhi   2000 .   which   turned   out   to   be   great ,   and   while   drying   my   hair   with   difficulty   at   first ,   because   of   my   lack   of   practice ,   i   managed .   seating   in   front   of   a   mirror ,   i   would   bravely   spent   1   hour   drying   my   hair .   it   was   worth   it !   my   hair   changed   a   lot ,   and   the   huge   amounts   of   money   i   used   to   spend   at   the   beaty   salon   were   no   longer   necessary .   once   i   encountered   my   former   stylist   in   the   supermarket ,   and   she   thought   i   was   visiting   another   beauty   salon ,   she   didn   t   believe   me   when   i   told   her   it   was   me   she   didnt   tell   me ,   but   from   her   face   i   could   tell   she   didnt   believe   me   .   br   br   after   a   bit   more   than   3   years ,   my   fhi   dryer   fell   to   the   floor   and   the   little   fan   inside   broke .   i   strongly   advise   you   not   to   attempt   repair   with   any   other   generic   piece   of   whatever   that   is   not   original   or   not   from   the   fhi   repair   service   if   they   have   any ,   i   dont   know ,   because   i   live   in   the   caribbean   .   i   did   that ,   and   regretted   it   a   lot ,   since   the   repaired   dryer   damaged   my   hair .   i   had   to   condition   it   lots   and   lots   afterwards ,   but   i   have   to   wait   for   my   hair   to   outgrow   the   damage   grrr !   .   br   br   then   i   decided   to   get   myself   a   nice ,   professional   hair   drier ,   and   checked   the   babyliss   pro   with   all   the   great   feedback .   after   using   it   and   learning   to   manage   it   because   it   is   so   fast !   ,   i   cannot   stop   myself   from   congratulating   me   for   my   accurate   decision !   my   sister   tried   it   she   has   wavy   and   think   hair   too   ,   and   immediately   ordered   one   for   her .   i   dry   my   daughter   s   and   mother   s   hair   too .   the   drying   time   is   much   less   now ,   and   the   hair   is   great !   i   notice   that   while   i   still   have   damaged   hair   from   the   repaired   old   dryier ,   the   half   hair   closer   to   the   roots   which   is   not   damaged   has   remained   healthy ,   keeping   its   natural   waviness   for   when   i   decide   to   let   it   dry   alone .   br   br   the   babyliss   pro   is   powerful ,   fast ,   and   easy   to   manage .   it   is   a   bit   smaller   in   size   than   the   other   dryer   i   had ,   which   is   just   fine   for   me .   i   feel   that   since   the   blower   is   so   fast ,   i   can   avoid   the   heat   fto   touch   my   hair   for   so   long ,   thus   making   a   more   healthier   drying   experience   for   my   hair   everytime .   for   your   info ,   i   use   all   the   buttons   at   full   speed   always .   i   can   have   my   hair   ready   in   35   40   minutes . ds ,   but   i   have   to   wait   for   my   hair   to   outgrow   the   damage   grrr !   .   br   br   then   i   decided   to   get   myself   a   nice ,   professional   hair   drier ,   and   checked   the   babyliss   pro   with   all   the   great   feedback .   after   using   it   and   learning   to   manage   it   because   it   is   so   fast !   ,   i   cannot   stop   myself   from   congratulating   me   for   my   accurate   decision !   my   sister   tried   it   she   has   wavy   and   think   hair   too   ,   and   immediately   ordered   one   for   her .   i   dry   my   daughter   s   and   mother   s   hair   too .   the   drying   time   is   much   less   now ,   and   the   hair   is   great !   i   notice   that   while   i   still   have   damaged   hair   from   the   repaired   old   dryier ,   the   half   hair   closer   to   the   roots   which   is   not   damaged   has   remained   healthy ,   keeping   its   natural   waviness   for   when   i   decide   to   let   it   dry   alone .   br   br   the   babyliss   pro   is   powerful ,   fast ,   and   easy   to   manage .   it   is   a   bit   smaller   in   size   than   the   other   dryer   i   had ,   which   is   just   fine   for   me .   i   feel   that   since   the   blower   is   so   fast ,   i   can   avoid   the   heat   fto   touch   my   hair   for   so   long ,   thus   making   a   more   healthier   drying   experience   for   my   hair   everytime .   for   your   info ,   i   use   all   the   buttons   at   full   speed   always .   i   can   have   my   hair   ready   in   35   40   minutes .
salon   quality   hair   dryer   great   heating   appliance .   works   great   and   dries   hair   quickly .   if   you   fall   asleep   under   the   dryer   don   t   worry   the   timer   will   wake   you   up .
works   great .   i   wish   the   bonnet   was   works   great .   i   wish   the   bonnet   was   larger
must   have !   love   this   blow   dryer .   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   and   it   often   gets   frizzy   after   i   blow   dry   it   but   i   can   see   a   difference   when   i   used   this   hair   dryer .   not   perfect   but   definitely   better .   someone   mentioned   how   quiet   it   is   and   i   absolutely   agree .   the   first   time   i   used   it   my   husband   commented   on   how   quiet   that   hair   dryer   was .   great   blow   dryer .   try   it   you   will   like   it !
five   stars   i   love   it .   i   bought   one   for   my   daughter   also .
happy !   i   have   the   full   size   t3 ,   and   i   am   very   happy   i   purchased   this   travel   size .   it   really   does   work   to   keep   your   hair   less   frizzy ,   and   dries   really   quickly .   the   folding   mechanism   works   well ,   so   it   fits   nicely   in   my   carry   on   bag .   i   love   the   idea   of   not   having   to   use   the   dryer   in   the   hotel   room .
love   it   love   this   dryer .   i   have   two ...   one   ant   home   and   one   at   the   lake   place !
good   dryer   works   great
one   star   hair   dyer   stopped   working   within   one   month .   not   reliable ! !
i   absolutely   love   this   dryer   i   absolutely   love   this   dryer .   it   has   simplified   my   hair   routine   and   save   on   so   much   time .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this .
love   love   love   love   love   love !   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   seen .   it   s   really   light ,   very   quiet ,   and   dispenses   a   small   burst   of   cool   air   from   above   the   nuzzle ,   which   is   unexpectedly   brilliant .   it   also   folds   so   it   doesn   t   take   too   much   space   in   my   luggage   when   i   travel .   the   chord   is   a   bit   too   short ,   but   with   an   extension   is   fine .
didn   t   last   it   was   a   nice   hair   dryer ,   came   highly   recommended   by   several   sites .   unfortunately ,   it   only   lasted   about   10   uses   before   the   power   began   to   surge   and   there   was   a   distinct   ozone   odor   coming   from   it .   for   safety   i   shut   it   off   immediately .   i   don   t   use   a   hair   dryer   that   often ,   so   i   had   already   had   it   past   the   time   i   could   return   it .   i   don   t   know   if   mine   was   a   dud   or   not   or   if   it   perhaps   was   damaged   some   way   in   shipping ,   but   i   hesitate   to   buy   the   same   model .   it   was   to   replace   a   dryer   that   had   lasted   me   over   10   years ,   so   i   am   very   disappointed .
smooth   move   this   hairdryer   makes   my   hair   look   fabulous !   i   didn   t   think   that   it   would   make   much   difference ,   but   it   did ! !
best   hair   dryer   ever   best   hair   dryer   ever ! ! ! !   i   didnt   care   that   much   abt   a   hair   dryer   so   most   of   time   my   hair   was   fuzzy .   this   hair   dryer   really   works   with   its   function   choices .
simple   good   hair   dryer !   so   far   so   good !   the   dryer   is   very   lightweight ,   which   i   love .   love   the   pink   too !   the   price   was   right   as   well   all   around   a   good   purchase !
five   stars   as   advertised
thought   i   would   spend   more   and   get   a   dryer   that   was   better   but   it   was   not   worth   it   has   no   power .   thought   i   would   spend   more   and   get   a   dryer   that   was   better   but   it   was   not   worth   it .   br   makes   a   horrible   whine   sound   when   i   use   it   and   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   my   hair .
best .   hairdryer   best . hairdryer .   ever !   love   it !
for   the   price   and   size   of   item   works   ok .   for   the   price   and   size   of   item   works   ok .
five   stars   the   best .....
small   but   powerful   small   but   powerful .   dual   voltage ,   great   for   travel ,   easy   to   pack .   very   light ,   so   much   easierr   to   work   with ,   than   the   larger ,   heavy   ones .
like   it   very   much   used   this   at   one   of   top   brand   name   hotel ,   like   it   very   much ,   air   volume   is   good   with   reasonable   noise .   excellent   product .
two   stars   so   hot   i   couldn   t   use   it   except   to   thaw   ice   in   my   freezer .
not   much   power   this   dryer   did   not   blow   with   much   power ,   i   returned   it .
disappointed   with   shipment   i   m   sorry   that   i   have   rate   this   product   3   stars   without   trying   it   out   but   i   would   like   to   share   what   happened   with   this   item .   i   received   this   package   today   and   was   really   excited   about   it .   when   i   opened   the   box   i   saw   at   least   4   small   bugs   crawling   around   in   it .   this   was   enough   to   make   me   immediately   close   the   box   and   bring   it   outside   my   house .   as   for   the   product ,   it   looks   great   and   as   pictured   but   i   didn   t   get   a   chance   to   try   it   because   i   am   sending   it   back   to   amazon   tomorrow .   i   don   t   believe   that   this   pest   issue   would   be   from   the   product   so   i   think   it   must   have   happened   in   the   warehouse   packaging   stage .   i   m   disappointed   that   i   didn   t   get   a   chance   to   try   this   blowdryer   but   i   will   not   be   ordering   another   one   for   fear   of   the   same   thing   happening   again .
ok   but   will   be   looking   for   something   different   works   well   but   both   of   us   frequently   turn   of   the   hair   dryer   by   accident   because   of   knob   placement ..
excellent   first   introduced   to   this   product   at   several   5   star   ...   excellent   first   introduced   to   this   product   at   several   5   star   hotels   and   figured   it   must   be   durable   and   it   is .   one   has   lasted   5   years   with   near   daily   use .   new   one   is   for   guests .   have   read   a   few   negative   reviews   and   figured   customers   got   a   lemon   it   happens !
love   this   blow   dryer   great   blow   dryer ,   great   price   and   very   light   weight .
i   am   very   happy   with   the   hair   dryer   so   far   i   am   very   happy   with   the   hair   dryer   so   far .   it   works   perfectly .   my   hair   gets   dry   quickly   and   it   is   so   easy   to   use .   i   mostly   bought   this   hair   dryer   for   my   daughters .   they   have   longer   hair   and   it   costs   me   so   much   money   and   time   to   bring   them   to   the   salon .   so   now   i   have   my   own   salon   at   home .   i   couldn   t   be   happier .
five   stars   it   is   so   far   so   good .
they   work   great !   ordered   2   , they   work   great !
salon   worthy   rollersets ! !   i   love   this   dryer ! ! !   salon   worthy   rollersets   every   time !   gets   nice   and   hot   and   drys   my   hair   quickly .   quite   enough   that   you   can   hear   the   tv   and   have   a   conversation   on   the   phone .   fits   my   large   head   lol   and   purple   and   black   rollers   okay .   its   a   tight   fit   but   it   does   fit .
five   stars   tiny ,   lightweight ,   but   packs   a   powerful   punch !
five   stars   best   dryer   ever !   time   saver ,   and   eliminates   frizz ,   and   changed   my   hair   from   34   drab   to   fab   34   !
love   love   love   love   love   love ! ! !   it   s   quiet .   my   hair   dries   quickly   and   with   more   volume   than   my   previous   dryer .   i   can   t   say   anything   bad   about   this   product .
five   stars   excellent
the   adapter   with   the   spikes   was   horrible .   it   was   very   hard   and   hurt   my   head   the   adapter   with   the   spikes   was   horrible .   it   was   very   hard   and   hurt   my   head .   i   am   returning   it .
it   was   great   while   it   was   working   and   wife   loved   it   but   ...   the   hair   dryer   i   purchased   in   june   has   burned   up   and   has   to   be   replaced .   it   was   great   while   it   was   working   and   wife   loved   it   but   surely   it   should   have   lasted   more   than   3   1   2   months .
this   brand   was   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist   this   brand   was   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist .   it   is   perfect   to   straighten   hair   however ,   for   soft   curly   hair   such   as   mine ,   the   heat   is   too   strong   even   at   34   low   34   level .   i   have   to   use   the   old   hair   drying   when   diffusing   my   hair .   my   daughters ,   who   happened   to   have   34   mixed   34   hair ,   love   this   hair   drying   because   it   straightens   it   fast   and   without   drying   it .
one   star   this   dryer   was   received   on   july   5th   2014   and   stopped   working   on   october   27th   2014 .   i   purched   two   of   these ,   i   hope   the   other   one   last   longer   than   4   months .
good   hair   dryer   for   the   price ,   a   very   good   and   flexible   hair   dryer .   the   retractable   cord ,   the   many   levels   of   heat   and   volume   add   up   to   a   very   functional   unit .
three   stars   air   flow   was   not   as   strong   as   i   d   hoped   it   would   be .
one   star   awful   sound   and   no   power .   returned   it .
five   stars !   i   love ,   love ,   love   this   hairdryer ! !   it   dries   my   in   half   the   time   my   old   one   did .   and   it   doesn   t   get   hot   to   the   touch   like   my   old   hairdryer   did .   my   only   complaint   is   that   it   s   heavier   than   i   expected   but   not   so   heavy   that   it   s   unmaneuverable .
great   product .   lives   up   to   its   promise   great   product .   lives   up   to   its   promise   . its   been   2   months   so   far .   br   love   my   hair   after   i   use   it   !
nice   product   bought   this   for   my   wife   before   leaving   on   vacation .   it   works   great .   br   br   pros   br   light   weight   br   dries   hair   quickly   br   folds   up   for   easy   packing   in   the   luggage   br   br   cons   br   cord   not   long   enough   for   my   wife   to   plug   in   and   use   while   showering  
four   stars   i   like   it ,   meets   my   expectations .
great   purchase !   this   little   hair   dryer   packs   a   punch !   it   s   surprisingly   strong   for   it   s   size .   great   purchase !
five   stars   very   good   product ,   i   ve   been   using   it   for   half   a   year ,   works   good .
five   stars   love   it !
five   stars   thank   you
four   stars   exelente .
this   conair   product   is   my   favorite .   this   is   the   best   dryer   this   conair   product   is   my   favorite .   this   is   the   best   dryer .   i   have   bought   it   as   a   back   up   for   travel   to   the   same   br   model   that   i   bought   awhile   back .   it   is   a   great   dryer   and   functions   a   long   time .   my   very   first   was   purchased   br   some   years   ago   and   did   not   die   for   many   years   of   everyday   use .   i   highly   recommend   it .
glad   i   purchased   2   one   for   each   bathroom   they   re   great   ...   glad   i   purchased   2   one   for   each   bathroom   they   re   great   no   more   looking   through   drawers   to   find   the   hair   dryer
five   stars   i   works   great   and   was   a   good   price .
entirely   appropriate   for   the   price   infrequent   user .   second   purchase   of   this   model .   first   one   lasted   a   few   years   until   the   cord   didn   t   retract ,   and   then   something   came   loose   and   smelled   chemically   acrid .   br   br   it   moves   air   and   dries   fairly   well .   no   particular   change   in   frizz   level   compared   to   others .   br   br   temps   are   spot   on   with   me   it   s   nice   to   know   i   won   t   get   burned   nor   be   frustrated   by   a   too   cool   warm .   br   br   i   ve   gotten   out   of   the   habit   of   electric   drying   both   for   ecological   reasons   and   for   noise   hearing   damage .   the   only   person   really   bothered   by   my   wet   hair   or   the   results   if   nature   dried   is   me .   i   don   t   find   it   any   louder   than   any   of   my   previous   dryers ,   but   my   dd   hates   it   with   a   passion .   i   m   thinking   about   using   it   as   punishment   not   really ,   but   i   probably   could   .   i   don   t   get   it ,   though .   that   s   how   hair   dryers   sound .   she   winced   at   a   1200w   mini ,   too .   br   br   my   cord   retracts   just   fine ,   not   like   a   shade ,   but   i   m   glad   to   have   the   heftier   safer   cord   without   a   vicious ,   finger   eating   spring .   it   took   hundreds   of   in   and   outs   for   my   old   one   to   give   out .   br   br   the   switches   could   have   benefited   mightily   with   even   a   slightly   a   concave   dragging   surface .   this   strikes   me   as   an   efficiency   design   that   wasn   t .   it   s   not   intolerable ,   though .   if   it   bothered   me   that   much   i   d   glop   some   plastic   adhesive   on   it   to   give   it   a   thumb   knob   or   edges .   br   br   i   60   3   love   60   3   the   surface .   it   s   totally   lenovo   not   cheap   .   it   s   great   grippable   if   you   don   t   always   use   the   handle   like   when   the   handle   is   folded   in   .   that   said ,   it   s   not   makeup   friendly ,   or   rather ,   it   is .   oily   pigmented   stuff   shows   up   on   this   and   can   be   hard   to   get   really   clean .   90   rubbing   alcohol   does   the   trick .   i   still   love   it .   br   br   my   attachments   stay   on ,   tightly .   save   the   rubber   bands   from   your   broccoli   and   wrap   them   around   the   dryer   exhaust   to   increase   its   diameter .   cram   like   heck   the   attachments   onto   the   dryer .   there   are   other   solutions ,   too .   like   flexing   the   tabs   with   a   screwdriver .   br   br   i   d   say   skip   this ,   frankly .   go   for   one   with   easier   switches   and   a   lower   decibel   output ...   at   a   higher   price .
its   really   amazing !   i   tried   lots   of   hair   products   to   rescue   ...   its   really   amazing !   i   tried   lots   of   hair   products   to   rescue   my   sensitive   hair   and   nothing   works   better   than   this   hair   dryer !
certainly   meets   my   needs .   it   was   reviewed   as   being   effective   on   high   selection   and   not   so   much   on   low .   that   has   proven   true   but   the   product   meets   my   needs   perfectly .   it   was   delivered   promptly   and   in   excellent   condition .
awesome !   hair   dries   faster   and   looks   smooth   and   shiny   awesome !   hair   dries   faster   and   looks   smooth   and   shiny !   i   took   one   star   off   is   because   of   the   cost .   i   even   didn   t   mention   to   my   hobby   how   much   this   thing   cost .
so   great   l   love   it   so   great   l   love   it   ,   drys   my   hair   so   good   and   fast   lm   dominican   l   have   curly   thick   hair   .   so   lm   very   happy   with   my   turbo
small   lightweight .   not   as   powerful   as   described   but   better   than   most   mini   hair   dryers .   br   small   and   lightweight .
this   product   is   crap .   i   should   have   read   the   reviews   this   product   is   crap .   i   should   have   read   the   reviews !   it   is   so   loud   you   need   earplugs   to   dry   your   hair .   the   cord   won   t   retract   with   out   an   extended   battle .   do   not   buy !
five   stars   it   is   an   excellent   hair   dryer .   this   is   the   second   one   we   have   purchased !
it   was   perfect !   when   the   right   order   did   come ,   it   was   perfect   !
do   not   waste   your   money !   the   worst   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   had !   this   dryer   make   more   noise   than   blow   hot   air .   i   let   my   hair   partially   air   dry   than   blow   dried   it ,   and   it   took   forever   to   dry   between   45min   1hour   to   completely   dry   using   the   blow   dryer   .   that   was   the   longest   it   ever   took   for   my   hair   to   dry   and   my   hair   isn   t   long   or   very   thick   ,   it   s   ear   length .   it   isn   t   a   strong   blow   dryer   at   all !   it   gets   hot ,   but   that   s   about   it !  
lots   of   power   for   little   size   bought   two   for   guest   bathroom   and   so   far   it   s   been   perfect .   lots   of   power   in   a   little   size
four   stars   this   dryer   is   wonderful   it   is   even   better   than   i   expected   br   thanks
love   this   hair   dryer   i   had   brought   one   similar   ...   love   this   hair   dryer   i   had   brought   one   similar   to   it   in   june   2013   so   far   this   one   is   performing   well .   i   was   aware   of   some   of   the   defects   that   others   had   complained   about   but   so   far   so   good .   its   a   keeper .
i   have   a   mini   pro   and   thought   the   one   i   ...   i   have   a   mini   pro   and   thought   the   one   i   ordered   was   similar .   it   was   bulkier   to   use   and   heavier .   i   returned   it .   the   34   mini   pro   34   is   what   i   hope   to   purchase   as   my   current   blow   dryer ,   still   working   well ,   will   need   to   be   replaced   in   the   near   future .
good   but   could   have   one   option   faster   good   but   could   have   one   option   faster ,   but   the   rest   work   great   for   person   how   doesn   t   has   a   lot   of   hair .
good   price   and   better   performance   i   have   been   using   these   dryers   for   quite   a   few   years   and   i   am   fully   satisfied   with   their   performance   and   durability .   my   wife ,   who   uses   a   fancy   high   power   dryer   has   put   hers   aside   and   taking   possession   of   mine .   it   is   small ,   comfortable   to   use ,   dries   well   and   it   is   quite   dependable .   you   need   nothing   more .
five   stars   excellent ,   strong ,   light   weight   hair   dryer   for   travel   and   every   day .   i   love   it ! !
four   stars   good   one   as   expected ... and   my   wife   using   it .... she   is   happy   to   use   it ....
...   blow   dryer   for   about   three   years   now   and   i   love   it .   my   daughter   is   constantly   stealing   it   from   ...   i   have   used   this   blow   dryer   for   about   three   years   now   and   i   love   it .   my   daughter   is   constantly   stealing   it   from   me   so   i   just   purchased   one   for   her   birthday .   would   you   believe   that   was   her   favorite   gift  
great   little   dryer   great   little   dryer ,   small ,   compacted ,   reliable   and   drys   my   hair .   i   dont   think   there   is   much   more   to   say   about   this .   i   do   use   it   everyday .
this   dryer   is   ok .   you   just   have   to   turn   ...   this   dryer   is   ok .   you   just   have   to   turn   the   hose   around   to   dry   the   top   of   your   hair .   i   have   had   a   hard   time   locking   the   hose   on   the   bonnet .
well   satisfied !   thank   you   wicked   cute   !   great   delivery  
five   stars   works   very   well   and   a   great   size
good   product   for   the   money ,   this   hairdryer   is   hard   to   beat .   i   use   it   for   other   purposes   than   drying   hair .   it   s   easy   to   turn   on ,   easy   to   adjust   speed   and   heat   settings .   the   cord   is   just   the   right   length ,   the   color   is   nice ,   it   s   just   right .   i   can   recommend   this   product .
it   works   i   like   this   dryer .   it   helps   to   straighten   your   hair .   i   do   hate   that   the   combs   are   plastic   and   probably   won   t   last   too   long .   if   you   have   really   coarse   hair   be   careful   with   the   combs   because   they   just   might   break .   all   in   all   it   s   worth   the   price .
good   for   travel   if   you   don   t   mind   the   noise   level   this   little   dryer   works   well   as   a   travel   dryer ,   especially   since   it   folds .   however ,   as   with   most   small   dryers ,   the   noise   it   makes   is   pretty   horrifying   loud   loud   loud .
awesome   hair   drier !   best   blow   drier   i   ve   ever   owned .   light   and   powerful .   the   power   button   is   actually   2   buttons   side   by   side .   one   button   controls   the   heat   setting   and   the   other   controls   the   fan   speed .   i   really   like   this   feature   because   you   can   set   it   on   low   heat   and   the   fan   on   high .
five   stars   great   for   the   price
great   hair   dryer !   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time .   love   this   dryer !
five   stars   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   really   does   leave   my   hair   shiny   and   softer   than   my   old   one .
one   star   only   one   speed   hot   burnt   my   ends   had   to   get   rid   of   it
once   you   get   a   twin   turbo ,   there   s   no   going   back !   i   ve   had   this   hairdryer   for   years   now   and   it   works   just   as   well   as   it   did   the   day   i   bought   it .   high   powered   and   hot ,   which   creates   the   perfect   blowout   with   or   without   a   round   brush .   i   really   love   this   hair   dryer ,   and   i   take   it   with   me   whenever   i   travel .   br   br   update   2   years   post   review   and   it   s   still   going   strong !
five   stars   excellent   product
happy   with   my   purchase .   i   bought   this   dryer   for   personal   use   at   home .   it   works   well   to   dry   my   naturally   curly   hair .   it   s   like   air   drying   but   a   lot   faster .   i   will   also   use   it   to   do   deep   conditioning   treatments   or   process   colors .   the   down   sides   are   the   large   bonnet   and   it   being   top   heavy   and   needs   both   hands   to   maneuver .   the   other   odd   thing   is   that   when   using   the   dryer   a   small   clump   of   hair   gets   pulled   up   to   the   screen .   at   first   i   thought   this   was   going   to   be   a   problem ,   but   it   s   not   an   issue .
very   good   value   for   the   price ...   very   good   value   for   the   price ...   she   really   likes   it   because   of   2   speeds   and   2   heat   settings .
i   ve   used   it   twice   so   far   and   love   my   results   impressed !   at   first   i   thought   1000   watt   wouldn   t   do   much ,   but   this   bonnet   hood   dryer   packs   a   punch .   i   ve   used   it   twice   so   far   and   love   my   results !   this   dryer   will   pay   for   itself   after   another   3   uses   so   honestly ,   i   feel   like   i   got   it   for   free   as   i   don   t   have   to   go   the   salon   to   get   my   hair   done !   i   m   not   saying   i   won   t   get   my   hair   done   professionally   but   this   will   definately   keep   my   hair   groomed   until   i   do .   br   br   love   it !
great   dryer   when   it   worked   great   dryer   when   it   worked .   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   in   january   2014 .   only   used   it   twice   a   week   on   the   low   heat   setting   up   until   now .   yesterday   while   using   the   dryer   on   the   low   setting   the   motor   speed   suddenly   became   very   low   and   the   thermal   switch   inside   kicked   the   heating   element   off .   this   is   the   second   vidal   sassoon   of   this   kind   i   ve   purchased .   the   first   one   lasted   six   years .
five   stars   exelente
  horrible   defective   product   just   got   it .   br   it   broke   right   after   the   first   use .   br   i   tried   putting   it   in   different   sockets ,   still   didn   t   work .   62   .   62   horrible   defective   product .
dangerous   because   sucks   in   hair   broke   right   away .   plastic   end   over   filter   screen   popped   off ,   dangerous   because   sucks   in   hair .
clumsy   apparatis   i   wanted   more   mobility   like   multitacking   and   this   is   not   set   up   to   run   ...   clumsy   apparatis   i   wanted   more   mobility   like   multitacking   and   this   is   not   set   up   to   run   with   the   flow   hose   waned   to   stay   on   box   and   i   wanted   it   to   travel   with   me   my   own   problem   it   was   meant   to   be   stable
does   its   job   at   a   great   price .   it   s   also   extremely   light   weight   as   well   ...   does   its   job   at   a   great   price .   it   s   also   extremely   light   weight   as   well   so   i   carry   it   in   my   carry   on   bag   when   i   travel .
light   weight ,   dries   well ,   doesn   t   wake   the   roommate   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   not   only   does   it   dry   very   well ,   but   it   is   extremely   light   weight   and   perfect   for   travel !   it   s   also   not   too   loud ,   so   it   doesn   t   wake   my   roommate   in   the   morning .
great   product !   i   love   this   hairdryer .   i   ordered   it   for   college   and   it   works   great .   it   s   not   only   small   but   it   also   packs   a   big   punch .   it   warms   up   quickly   and   gets   the   job   done .   i   go   home   and   i   hate   using   my   mother   s   hairdryer   because   mine   is   so   much   better   than   her   expensive ,   bulky   one .
four   stars   so   far   it   still   working .
you   don   t   have   to   waste   space   in   your   drawer   i   have   purchased   these   for   every   bathroom !   not   only   are   they   handy ,   you   don   t   have   to   waste   space   in   your   drawer .   the   night   light   is   also   a   gr8   feature   for   finding   your   way   to   the   bathroom   at   night .
five   stars   i   love   this   dryer !   great   power !
four   stars   i   wish   there   was   a   comb   our   brush   attachment   other   than   that   works
four   stars   had   a   little   problem   setting   it   up   but   doesn   t   hold   my   hair   blower   exactly   in   place
five   stars   my   third   t3 !
great   value   excellent   portable   hair   dryer   with   plenty   of   power .
five   stars   the   dryer   is   excellent !   exceeded   my   expectation .
decent   dryer   at   a   great   price .   not   the   best   blower   in   the   world   but   great   for   under   15 .   high ,   which   would   be   high   heat   and   strongest   blow ,   is   more   like   a   medium   heat   and   medium   blow .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   this   for   someone   who   likes   really   hot   dryers   that   blow   very   hard .   however ,   for   me   as   a   man ,   its   good   enough   to   get   my   hair   to   stay   back .
blow   drier   got   this   for   more   than   just   drying   hair .   these   are   handy   for   drying   winter   gloves ,   boots   and   hats .   i   also   use   this   to   shrink   electrical   insulating   tubing   and   window   insulator   kits .   a   heat   gun   gets   too   hot   for   other   projects   and   this   is   about   right .   has   a   nice   soft   grippy   feel   in   the   hand   too .   blows   allot   of   aire   on   high .
old   faithful ...   i   ve   used   a   conair   blackbird   hairdryer   for   years   and   absolutely   love   it .   my   hair   is   coarse   and   it   has   the   power   to   dry   my   hair   without   causing   damage .
five   stars   great   product
five   stars   nice   little   dryer   fits   great   on   the   wall   and   has   a   lot   of   power .
five   stars   bueno
one   star   first   time   i   set   it   up   the   base   where   the   wheels   are   cracked !   ! !
four   stars   love   this   hair   dryer ,   but   the   handle   area   turned   pink   within   about   2   weeks   of   using   it .
four   stars   i   loved   it   but   it   did   break   after   8   months
the   blow   dryer   is   awesome   however   the   attachments   fall   off   when   trying   to   use   the   blow   dryer   is   awesome   however   the   attachments   fall   off   when   trying   to   use .   we   had   to   bond   the   comb   attachment   to   the   unit   n
great   product !   great   for   the   price .   i   needed   a   slightly   more   powerful   dryer   for   my   thick   hair   but   no   complaints .
work   great   and   i   m   very   satisfied   work   great   and   i   m   very   satisfied , great   seller !   fast   shipping .   br   great   price   and   quality   product . loved   the   item . will   buy   from   this   seller   again
five   stars   very   light   dries   hair   quickly   without   frizz .
i   don   t   even   dry   my   hair   but   a   few   times   a   month   so   this   is   not   the   best   purchase .   within   nine   months   of   purchase   this   hair   dryer   stopped   working   overheats   within   minutes .   i   don   t   even   dry   my   hair   but   a   few   times   a   month   so   this   is   not   the   best   purchase .
three   stars   nice   one .....
good   dryer .   quiet   and   fairly   light .   dries   nicely   without   scorching .   the   pink   hue   on   the   buttons   and   filter   housing   was   a   surprise ,   as   it   didn   t   really   show   up   in   the   photo ,   but   ,   hey ,   it   s   just   a   hair   dryer .
it   does   a   good   job .   the   only   drawback   is   that   i   feel   ...   i   have   long   hair ,   and   for   the   price ,   it   does   a   good   job .   the   only   drawback   is   that   i   feel   the   vibration   more   so   than   from   other   hair   dryers .   worth   what   it   cost   though .
five   stars   perfect .
don   t   waste   your   money   on   the   cheap   ones   this   is   worth   the   money .   don   t   waste   your   money   on   the   cheap   ones ,   spend   a   little   extra   and   get   one   like   this   that   is   good   for   your   hair .
not   very   hot   doesn   t   get   very   hot ,   take   longer   to   dry   hair
too   little   power   easy   mounting   but   very   little   power .   i   recommend   you   get   one   that   has   1800   or   more   watts .
i   loved   this   dryer   i   loved   this   dryer .   it   is   super   light ,   small   and   super   powerful   at   the   same   time .   it   is   very   strong   and   drys   very   fast .   excellent   product ,   i   completely   recommend .
the   wife   loved   it   so ,   that   s   what   counts   right   my   wife   loved   it ,   it   s   a   big   step   up   from   her   mothers   1960   s ,   the   hots   little   blue   hair   dryer   that   has   nearly   burned   down   the   house   at   least   3   times   already .
powerful   powerful ,   well   designed   and   worth   the   money .
no   more   fly   aways   my   elchim   from   the   90s   finally   died   and   it   was   like   a   death   in   the   family .   my   hair ,   while   i   used   a   temporary   hair   dryer   was   atrocious   with   frizz   and   stray   hairs   everywhere .   this   elchim   showed   up   and   it   was   like   a   miracle .   the   hair   dryer   is   just   amazing .   i   read   some   of   the   reviews   and   there   was   a   burning   smell   for   the   1st   and   maybe   2nd   time   i   used   it ,   but   never   again .   it   leaves   your   hair   silky   smooth !   br   oh   and   regarding   the   heaviness ... don   t   judge   a   book   by   its   cover .   it   is   heavy   until   you   use   it .   then   magically   the   weight   is   distributed   nicely .   don   t   ask   me   how ... some   kudos   go   to   the   designers !
don   t   waste   your   money   on   this   don   t   believe   the   34   high   velocity   airflow   34   statement   this   hair   dryer   only   had   a   low   medium   setting .   i   don   t   have   what   people   would   call   a   thick   head   of   hair   and   it   took   a   long   time   for   me   to   dry   what   i   have .   the   hair   brush   was   flimsy   and   the   bristles   were   mangled   when   i   received   it .   another   thing   i   didn   t   like   was   that   it   is   quite   heavy   and   the   handle   is   long   so   it   makes   it   seem   even   heavier   when   you   are   holding   it .   i   ended   up   returning   it   since   it   was   pretty   useless   to   to .
one   star   hair   dryer   blew   up   the   third   time   i   used   it !
three   stars   i   liked   it   when   it   worked ,   but   now   it   doesn   t   have   very   much   power .
very   disappointment .   i   should   have   read   the   reviewer   before   i   ...   very   disappointment .   i   should   have   read   the   reviewer   before   i   brought   this   dryer .   because   of   the   price   it   caught   my   attention .   but   it   doesn   t   dry   the   back   of   the   hair .   terrible   designing ! !   that   all   i   have   to   say .
three   stars   with   one   arm   cut   off   due   to   and   accident   it   does   the   job
five   stars   this   little   dryer   is   my   favorite .
yes   it   worked   great ..   donated   it   to   my   neighbor   had   a   hard   hood   dryer   for   over   10   year .   yes   it   worked   great .. donated   it   to   my   neighbor ..   this   software   bonnet   puts   the   heat   in   all   the   right   areas   of   your   head .   light   weight .   go   too   the   landry   room   and   fold   clothes   while   on   my   head .   br   lol .. yes   i   do   plug   it   in   there
five   stars   so   far   ok
four   stars   good ,   quickly   dry   hair
great   product ,   great   price !   i   couldn   t   believe   i   had   found   such   a   great   quality   product   for   a   great   price .   i   was   in   the   market   for   a   new   hair   dryer   but   couldn   t   afford   to   spend   an   arm   and   a   leg   on   a   fancy   blow   dryer .   i   did   a   lot   of   shopping   around   and   finally   came   across   this   one   that   even   came   with   the   attachments   i   was   looking   for .   i   bought   it   and   was   worried   that   for   the   price   the   product   wouldn   t   be   as   described .   i   received   it   and   it   has   3   different   heat   settings   and   two   different   levels .   it   also   came   with   the   attachments   which   work   great !   this   blow   dryer   is   still   going   great   a   few   months   down   the   road .   if   you   are   in   the   market   for   a   new   hair   dryer   and   want   one   that   is   functional   i   definitely   recommend   this   product .
it   was   like   a   torch   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   almost   2   years .   if   i   could   give   it   0   stars   i   would .   today ,   a   flame   shot   out   from   it   and   nearly   caught   my   hair   on   fire .   it   was   like   a   torch .   this   is   so   hazardous !
great   quality   for   price   i   was   excited   to   receive   this   blow   dryer   and   be   able   to   test   it   out ,   since   i   ve   done   allot   of   research   for   a   good   quality   inexpensive   blow   dryer   with   enough   settings   .   especially   because   i   have   fine   hair ,   a   blow   dryer   that   doesn   t   get   extremely   hot   was   a   priority .   i   absolutely   love   it   ,   it   s   everything   that   i   was   looking   for   i   like   the   way   it   looks .   only   one   con   is   ,   it   s   pretty   heavy .   i   would   recommend   this   item
five   stars   i   love   my   hair ! !   thank   you
five   stars   really   nice  
four   stars   haven   t   used   mine   yet   but   my   girlfriend   has   one   and   she   loves   it  
four   stars   love   it !   small   and   extremely   light   weight   but   packs   a   good   amount   of   power .
five   stars   very   nice   little   hair   dryer   for   the   money .   good   reviews   are   what   sold   me ,   and   i   wasn   t   disappointed .
love   it !   i   absolutely   love   this   hairdryer .   it   looks   like   i   came   out   of   salon   everytime .
five   stars   great   product ,   great   price !
five   stars   quiet ,   dries   hair   quickly
five   stars   works   well   and   very   quiet ..
ok   for   the   price   a   decent   dryer   for   the   price .   however ,   i   was   expecting   more   air   flow   and   quicker   drying   for   1875   watts .   my   previous   conair   dryer ,   which   cost   more   than   this   one   but   was   also   1875   watts ,   put   out   more   air .   still ,   for   the   price ,   this   one   gets   the   job   done .
five   stars   works   great .   no   shut   off   like   others   have   said .   well   worth   my   money .
like   it   good   hair   dryer   with   fair   price .
three   stars   ok
after   too   many   drops   it   finally   stop   working .   i   ...   after   too   many   drops   it   finally   stop   working .   i   am   surprised   it   took   so   long !   def .   buying   another   one
five   stars   good
four   stars   awesome   blow   dryer ! !   it   works   just   like   it   says .   i   would   recommend   it   to   everyone !
five   stars   turned   out   to   be   an   awesome   product   and   delivery .   use   it   everyday !
i   used   an   andis   hair   dryer   in   a   nice   hotel   in   wichita   i   used   an   andis   hair   dryer   in   a   nice   hotel   in   wichita ,   kansas .   when   i   found   one   on   amazon ,   i   knew   i   had   to   have   one .   as   usual ,   my   order   came   quickly   and   i   am   loving   this   hair   dryer .   the   smaller   size   plus   the   plug   does   better   in   my   receptacle   in   the   bathroom .   it   fits   nicely   in   my   drawer .   it   exceeds   my   expectations .   i   am   loving   it !
five   stars   great   dryer ,   easy   to   put   together ,   gets   hot   very   fast
five   stars   enough   power   and   easy   to   pack   carry .
i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product   i   had   purchased   one   of   these   hairdryers   previously   and ,   after   a   few   years   it   died   and   i   needed   to   replace   it .   it   s   a   powerful   little   device .   i   specifically   wanted   on   that   i   could   mount   to   the   bathroom   cabinet   for   ease   of   use .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product ... good   product   and   good   value .
dries   my   hair   in   the   half   the   time   of   any   ...   dries   my   hair   in   the   half   the   time   of   any   dryer   i   have   used .   my   husband   and   kids   thank   you !
good   brand   product   for   a   low   price   it   s   a   great   value   for   money .   br   the   hairdryer   is   very   light ,   it   doesn   t   heat   up   too   much   and   works   perfect .   br   a   little   con   is   that   it   doesn   t   come   with   a   diffuser .   but   for   this   price   you   can   pass   over   it .
the   dog   lover   s   hair   dryer   this   is   exactly   the   hair   dryer   i   wanted   light   and   comfortable   enough   to   grip   and   operate   with   one   hand   while   steadying   a   wet   dog   in   the   other .   it   produces   the   perfect   temperature   to   dry   doggy   fur .   and   it   s   got   an   easy   to   use   heat   release   button   that   s   very   handy   if   you   worry   you   might   be   crisping   your   dog   and   want   a   moment   of   cooler   air .   i   m   sure   it   would   be   great   for   people ,   too .   but   i   ve   never   tried   it   so   can   t   comment   on   that .   br   br   one   bit   of   advice   the   appliance   comes   with   a   safety   feature   on   the   cord .   until   certain   steps   are   taken ,   the   hair   dryer   won   t   work .   don   t   try   to   figure   it   out   on   your   own ,   just   read   the   instructions   that   come   in   the   box .   once   you   ve   followed   them ,   you   ll   be   able   to   turn   on   your   appliance .   it   isn   t   necessary   to   do   this   every   time ,   just   the   first   time ,   and   i   m   glad   to   have   the   extra   safety   feature .
five   stars   reduced   drying   time   on   my   tricky   hair .   brush   attachment   will   not   go   through   my   hair   used   comb   attachments   only  
five   stars   great   item   i   will   buy   again
good   compact   hair   dryer .   folds .   nice .   for   the   small   size   it   dries   hair   very   well .   fits   in   suitcase   very   well .   the   plug   is   a   little   bulky   but   very   safe .   good   product .
i   ve   used   this   for   a   few   years   now ,   and   ...   i   ve   used   this   for   a   few   years   now ,   and   it   has   been   flawless   so   far .   i   m   hoping   it   will   outlast   my   need   for   it .
great   dryer !   this   is   a   wonderful   addition   to   my   home .   this   dryer   really   gets   hot   and   it   dries   your   hair   evenly ! ! ! !   good   buy ! ! !
waste   of   money   i   just   received   this   in   the   mail   yesterday   and   there   is   a   short   in   the   wire   and   it   sparks ... waste   of   money ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
four   stars   excellent ,   so   good !
pretty   good   blow   dryer   pretty   good   blow   dryer .   wish   it   had   just   a   tad   bit   more   power ,   but   honestly ,   it   s   not   bad .   it   s   not   some   cheap   hotel   dryer  
love   this   dryer   love   this   dryer .   replaced   my   old   sedu   one   that   finally   bit   the   dust .   leaves   hair   shiny   and   silky .   dries   in   half   the   time .   use   on   my   pet   on   low   setting .   they   love   it .
it   s   a   good   quality   product   fair   power .   considering   the   price   price ,   it   s   a   good   quality   product .
...   this   dryer   for   a   few   months   now   and   it   s   fantastic .   i   have   loooooong   thick   frizzy   hair   and   has   ...   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   a   few   months   now   and   it   s   fantastic .   i   have   loooooong   thick   frizzy   hair   and   has   cut   my   drying   time   in   half .   comes   in   a   fancy   box ,   looks   nice   and   shiny   and   does   the   job .   since   it   s   a   professional   tool ,   it   has   an   extra   long   cord ,   which   i   like .   it   s   not   super   big   so   i   ve   even   packed   it   in   my   carry   on   for   vacation   it   s   not   exactly   small   either ,   but   it   was   worth   to   bring   it   with   me   and   not   have   to   use   the   little   dryer   the   hotel   offers   .
four   stars   good
have   had   this   less   than   a   year   and   it   s   started   ...   have   had   this   less   than   a   year   and   it   s   started   to   take   much   longer   to   dry   my   hair   the   air   isn   t   coming   out   as   hot   or   a   fast   as   it   used   to .   and   most   recently   it   started   throwing   out   green   sparks .   i   m   getting   a   new   one   but   won   t   be   purchasing   this   again .
the   cord   keeper   is   a   keeper .   this   hairdryer   is   not   pink   but   more   of   a   hot   red .   and   it   looks   kind   of   a   cheap   plastic .   however ,   this   blow   dries   my   hair   pretty   fast .   so ,   it   does   what   s   required   of   it !   i   took   one   star   off   because   it   does   seem   louder   than   your   average   hair   dryer .   if   you   live   in   a   house ,   that   s   probably   not   a   big   deal   but   if   your   apt   has   thin   walls ...   you   might   not   want   to   blow   dry   your   hair   in   the   middle   of   the   night .   i   really   like   the   fact   that   the   cord   is   retractable .   word   of   caution   hang   on   to   the   plug   when   you   hit   the   retraction   button   because   it   will   fly   all   over   the   place .   and   if   you   re   not   careful ,   this   can   probably   hit   you   in   the   face   because   it   retracts   very   fast .   lastly ,   a   couple   reviews   have   mentioned   that   this   conair   1875   is   heavier   than   most   hair   dryers .   my   old   hair   dryer   must   have   been   pretty   heavy   too   then   because   i   don   t   really   notice   it .   either   way ,   at   least   it   ll   give   you   a   work   out !
five   stars   i   like   this   dryer .   much   easier   on   my   hair   and   much   better   than   higher   heat   dryers .
don   t   last   any   longer   than   a   cheap   conair   i   purchased   this   blow   dryer   november   5 ,   2013 .   today   is   october   14 ,   2014 .   the   heating   element   died .   i   have   not   dropped   or   abused   this   dryer .   i   expected   at   this   price   for   it   to   last   longer   than   a   cheap   dryer   but   i   am   disappointed .   i   will   go   back   to   buying   the   20   conair   dryers   because   other   than   the   price   i   don   t   find   a   difference .
five   stars   i   like   it   the   cool   button   is   a   nice   feature .
five   stars   excellant
great   item   at   great   price   best   hair   dryer   ever   and   the   price   was   perfect   too
i   figured   i   d   pay   a   little   more   for   hopefully   a   better   product .   a   lot   of   people   say   they   can   ...   this   is   the   most   expensive   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned   but   after   3   or   4   hair   dryers   in   10   years ,   i   figured   i   d   pay   a   little   more   for   hopefully   a   better   product .   a   lot   of   people   say   they   can   get   their   hair   dried   faster   with   this   i   haven   t   noticed   that .   that   may   be   because   i   have   pretty   straight   hair   to   begin   with ,   and   while   i   have   a   lot   of   it ,   the   strands   are   pretty   thin .   the   biggest   cons   is   the   button   placement   fine   when   i   m   taking   my   time ,   but   when   i   rush ,   i   always   hit   the   buttons .   other   reviews   have   pointed   out   no   cool   shot ,   but   it   does   have   three   heat   settings   and   i   think   the   coolest   setting   is   enough   to   set   a   style .   i   ve   used   it   regularly   for   a   couple   of   months   and   it   really   does   feel   like   a   quality   product   so   i   hope   i   get   years   of   use   out   of   it .
amazing   amazing   blow   dryer .   almost   like   a   professional   kind   and   for   an   amazing   price .
good   hair   dryer   works   pretty   good .   i   just   wish   it   was   a   little   hotter .
best   dryer   ever !   this   is   the   best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned ,   dries   your   hair   so   fast !
five   stars   just   received
great   blowdryer ,   lots   of   power   my   wife   loves   it .... great   blowdryer ,   lots   of   power .
one   star   died   as   soon   as   it   was   plugged   in ,   despite   having   it   on   the   correct   power   setting .
five   stars   great !
great   for   overseas   travel !   perfect   for   my   recent   trip   to   europe .   the   dual   voltage   made   it   easy   to   use   while   overseas   and   yet   it   is   very   powerful !
excellent   product   excellent   product
yea .   it   s   good .   it   s   roughly   the   size   of   a   5   inch   sub   from   subway .   br   br   it   dries   my   hair   on   two   different   settings .   br   br   it   feels   solid ,   looks   nice   with   it   s   black   white   colour   scheme ,   and   it   s   now   mine .   br   br   you   should   buy   one   too .
worth   the   investment   i   love   the   distribution   of   heat   it   gives .   so   much   better   than   the   bonnet   i   bought   from   sally   s   that   you   attach   to   your   hand   held   blow   dryer   than   seemed   to   push   heat   to   only   one   main   spot .   this   was   worth   the   investment .
best   dryer   i   ve   had   best   dryer   i   ve   had ,   this   is   my   second   one ... the   first   one   i   had   just   burned   out   after   17   years   that   i   ve   had   it !   cant   ask   for   more
five   stars   the   wife   is   happy .
great   compact   hair   dryer   folds   up   to   just   the   right   size ,   the   retractable   cord   is   convenient ,   and   it   works   very   well   without   overdrying .
five   stars   i   love   it !
i   bought   this   blow   dryer   in   mid   of   may   2014   ...   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   in   mid   of   may   2014   and   it   stopped   working   in   mid   of   october   2014 !   would   never   buy   it   again !
great   buy !   fits   my   conair   perfectly ,   works   really   well .
this   hair   dryer   is   amazing !   i   have   alot   of   thick   frizzy   hair   and   ...   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing !   i   have   alot   of   thick   frizzy   hair   and   this   blow   dryer   not   only   smoothed   my   ends   it   did   it   super   fast !   im   so   happy   with   my   purchase   its   worth   every   penny !
nice   to   have   the   dryer   right   at   nice   to   have   the   dryer   right   at   hand
five   stars   loved   it   just   as   i   thought   it   would   be   like
five   stars   excellent
this   hairdryer   doesn   t   have   enough   oomph   to   get   the   job   ...   this   hairdryer   doesn   t   have   enough   oomph   to   get   the   job   done .   it   needs   more   power   to   blow   air .   it   is   frustrating   to   dry   my   hair   with   it .
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   for   traving   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   for   traving .   it   fold   up   small   and   the   cord   retracts   into   the   dryer   at   the   push   of   a   button .   it   drys   my   long ,   thick   hair   in   record   time .   i   couldn   t   ask   for   a   better   product .
five   stars   i   love   it   is   the   best
good   economical   dryer   for   curly   hair   wanted   a   bowl   diffuser   to   dry   my   curly   hair   and   this   is   great   at   a   good   price .   would   recommend .
five   stars   love   it ! !
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   it   s   kinda   heavy   it   really   dries   my   thick   hair   fast .   the   cold   shot   is   nice   and   cool .
good   good
five   stars   best   hair   dryer   ever ! ! ! ! !
five   stars   this   is   an   excellent   dryer .   could   not   ask   for   anything   better .
four   stars   great   hairdryer ,   timely   delivery
five   stars   use   every   other   day   and   after   3   yrs   it   is   still   going   strong .
five   stars   high   quality   product .
lightweight   hair   dryer   i   liked   this   product   but   it   didn   t   last   very   long .
four   stars   very   good .   fast   shipping   and   works   awesome !
four   stars   good   product   still   using   it .
nice   dryer   light   and   easy   to   use .   i   m   really   glad   i   chose   this   dryer .
it   s   awesome !   had   it   for   2   months   now ...   it   s   awesome !
...   no   frizz   lightweight   fast   drying   and   they   weren   t   that   great .   finally   i   purchased   this   one   i   ve   been   through   so   many   hair   dryers   that   advertised   as   no   frizz   lightweight   fast   drying   and   they   weren   t   that   great .   finally   i   purchased   this   one !   i   was   in   need   of   a   new   one ,   my   hot   tools   one   just   wouldn   t   turn   on   anymore   one   day ,   so   i   bought   this   one   since   it   was   inexpensive   and   had   good   reviews ,   and   i   m   in   love !   it   used   to   take   me   about   10   to   15   minutes   to   dry   my   hair ,   with   this   dryer   its   been   only   taking   me   5   minutes   at   the   most ,   i   use   the   small   nozzle ,   and   i   get   no   frizz ,   and   it   feels   so   nice !   i   used   to   have   to   use   frizz   products   with   past   dryers ,   but   not   with   this   one !   i   seriously   recommend   buying   this
recommend   it !   i   m   so   excited   to   write   my   review   for   this   one .   i   was   doing   research   about   the   best   hairdryers ,   because   there   are   millions   of   them   out   there .   br   this   one   is   perfect .   i   have   waist   length ,   thick ,   wiry   and   wavy   red   hair   that   really   enjoys   frizzing   and   making   my   life   unpleasant .   finding   hair   products   that   work   for   me ,   is   like   my   life   s   mission .   this   does   get   hot !   i   m   not   sure   what   might   be   wrong   with   the   other   reviewer   s   products ,   i   think   mine   gets   plenty   hot .   hot   enough   to   dry   it   fast ,   without   burning   the   mickey   out   of   my   scalp ,   and   man   does   this   thing   have   power .   br   and   its   quiet   for   how   much   fast   air   it   can   blow !   br   br   i   love   this ,   it   works   great   on   my   hair   for   volume ,   or   diffusing ,   and   even   straightening .   cuts   my   hair   prep   time   in   half .   recommend !
five   stars   great   value   and   the   best   diffuser !
five   stars   very   pleased   with   quality   of   product .   thank   you !
as   advertised   plus   awesome   settings   this   is   a   really   great   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   it   s   sturdy   and   the   settings   are   awesome .   i   don   t   like   to   use   a   ton   of   heat   when   blow   drying ,   so   the   medium   warm   setting   is   perfect .   the   best   part   is   the   low   cool   setting   is   actually   cool !   most   dryers   are   just   warm .   on   top   of   that   you   can   hit   the   cold   button   for   extra .   love   that .   the   air   itself   is   pretty   powerful ,   and   it   dries   my   hair   pretty   quickly   i   have   thick   hair   .   the   only   reasons   i   gave   it   4   stars   and   not   5   the   cord   is   a   little   short   but   fine   for   in   front   of   the   mirror   it   is   slightly   heavy   but   definitely   sturdy   ,   and   i   am   used   to   hair   dryers   that   can   fold   up   but   i   knew   it   didn   t   before   i   bought   it   .   i   actually   liked   it   so   much   that   i   bought   one   for   a   friend ,   too .
five   stars   great   value   and   works   great
the   air   on   it   is   strong   and   perfect .   very   easy   to   switch   the   tops   delivery   was   very   quick .   the   air   on   it   is   strong   and   perfect .   very   easy   to   switch   the   tops .   great   price   for   a   three   in   one   blow   dryer .   recommend .
worst   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   bought   came   in   a   beat   up   box ,   clearly   used   even   though   listed   as   new .   different   watt   then   listed .   then   exploded   while   i   was   using   it   within   the   first   month ,   luckily   i   didn   t   get   hurt .   worst   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   bought .   absolute   waste   of   money .
five   stars   very   good
four   stars   very   good   blow   dryer   for   the   price .   i   would   definitely   recommend .
great   at   home   salon   dryer   i   ve   used   it   at   least   5   times   in   the   3   weeks   since   i   bought   it !   arrived   via   fedex   two   days   after   i   ordered   it ,   very   easy   to   assemble   and   operate .   highly   recommended   styling   tool ,   particularly   for   natural   hair   wearers ,   or   at   home   hair   style   mavens .   my   friend   in   the   military   posted   overseas   swears   by   hers !   offers   high   heat   or   cool   temperatures ,   and   has   a   built   in   timer .   easy   to   move   around   as   needed .   would   totally   buy   again !
larger   than   i   expected   works   fine .   okay   for   traveling .   i   expected   it   to   be   quite   a   bit   smaller .   this   is   a   full   sized ,   professional   sort   of   dryer ...
five   stars  
five   stars   good   in   quality ,   easy   to   use ,   quick   dry
love   it   very   good !   light   and   very   little   noise ,   dual   voltage   dries   your   hair   soon .
works   well   so   far !   i   like   it !   i   didn   t   review   it   for   a   couple   months   to   see   if   it   died   early ,   but   no ,   it   s   going   strong .   way   loud ,   but   really   strong   and   i   love   how   it   folds   up   and   fits   into   a   little   bag   for   my   gym   bag .   me   likey !
five   stars   great   hair   dryer !
niceeeee ! ! ! !   love   the   color   works   well
...   curly   and   voluminous   hair   and   this   dryer   was   my   best   investment .   i   usually   dry   my   hair   on   high   cold   ...   i   have   very   curly   and   voluminous   hair   and   this   dryer   was   my   best   investment .   i   usually   dry   my   hair   on   high   cold   and   it   takes   less   than   10   minutes   which   saves   me   time   and   energy .   i   also   use   the   dryer   when   i   want   to   straighten   my   hair   and   it   s   amazing   and   dries   my   hair   in   rollers   really   fast .
horrible   experience .   it   was   damaged   when   received .   now   i   have   to   pay   to   return   it .
powerful   little   thing !   love   this   powerful   hairdryer   and   the   compact   design   is   a   bonus .   it   does   not   have   heat   settings   but   that   s   not   a   problem .
great   great   settings   3   heat   settings .   relatively   quiet   but   a   bit   heavy .
a   real   professional   hair   dryer   my   wife   loves   it   and   if   she   is   happy ,   i   m   happy   ! ! !
great   dryer   at   a   very   reasonable   price   great   dryer   at   a   very   reasonable   price !   has   more   than   enough   power   to   get   the   job   done   quickly   and   is   very   convenient   by   being   always   accessible .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   to   my   friends   and   family .
works   for   super   thick   long   hair ! ! !   dries   my   hair   quicker   than   old   dryer !   fantastic   blowdryer .   br   was   looking   for   something   that   had   some   heat   options   and   this   fit   the   bill .   br   it   actually   dries   my   super   thick   long   hair   quicker   than   my   last   one .   br   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer .
five   stars   im   in   love ... the   best   blow   drier   ever .
good   solid   product   i   have   only   been   using   it   for   a   few   weeks   but   it   is   working   very   good .   it   seems   pretty   sturdy .   it   is   a   little   top   heavy   so   you   have   to   be   careful   moving   it .   also   because   of   the   design   it   doesn   t   not   angle   down   quite   as   my   as   i   would   like   which   forces   me   to   lean   back   in   my   chair   a   little .   it   is   quiet   except   for   the   timer .   it   provides   plenty   of   heat   i   usually   have   to   lower   the   temperature   after   a   few   minutes .   it   was   easy   to   put   together .   overall   i   am   pretty   satisfied   with   it .
great   value !   i   bought   this   to   replace   my   ancient   conair   dryer .   this   one   is   much   quieter   and   dries   a   lot   quicker .   edit   update   01   31   2017   i   am   still   using   this   dryer   and   it   still   works   great .
five   stars   love   it
five   stars   excellent   hair   dryer .   light   weight ,   easy   to   use   and   compact .   love   it !
designed   by   people   who   hate   hair   and   like   vaccums   you   know   this   will   actually   dry   your   hair   pretty   quickly .   considering   it   rips   it   out   when   it   gets   stuck   in   the   back   of   it !   who   designed   this   thing   marques   de   sade   seriously   i   wasn   t   even   trying   to   dry   my   hair   i   was   using   for   shrinkwrapping   the   windows   ,   when   bam !   the   damn   thing   sucks   in   my   hair   in   a   whirlwind   of   pain .   that   s   when   it   is   actually   working   ,   i   know   that   its   normal   for   it   to   go   between   hi   and   low   power ,   but   after   less   than   20   seconds   its   like   34   can   i   take   a   break   now   ,   drying   and   ripping   hair   out   is   hard !   34   it   sucks   literally   maybe   buy   it   for   someone   you   secretly   hate   and   would   like   to   see   bald .
dont   like   this   dryer   at   all   this   blow   dryer   was   more   annoying   that   useful .   i   purchased   this   an   an   emergency   dryer   and   mine   gave   up   on   me .   what   a   disappoinment .   the   buttons   kept   swiching   on   there   own   from   hot   to   cold   to   warm   from   medium   to   high   heat .   just   because   the   buttons   are   accidentally   touched   doesn   t   mean   it   should   switch   that   easy .   that   alone   did   it   for   me .   also   my   hair   frizzed   up   almost   immediately   after   drying   my   hair .   on   the   other   hand   my   mom   used   it   and   although   she   also   complained   about   the   buttons   switching   easily ,   her   hair   didn   t   frizz   up   my   mine   did .   it   stayed   smooth .
poorly   designed   the   very   first   time   i   used   this   dryer ,   it   sucked   my   long   hair   into   the   back   of   it   and   knotted   it   up .   had   to   cut   the   hair   off .   definitely   going   back ,   and   i   would   not   recommend   this   to   anyone .
lightweight   but   packs   a   punch   my   old   hair   dryer   died .   i   wanted   something   small   and   lightweight   so   my   arm   wouldn   t   get   tired .   this   works   great .   dries   my   hair   fine ,   i   do   have   short   hair   though .   i   don   t   think   i   will   ever   use   the   diffuser   and   the   other   doohickey .   very   satisfied .   i   also   like   the   pouch .   nice   for   travel .
not   worth   the   money   the   bad   reviews   of   this   product   were   pretty   accurate   but   i   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   lot   on   a   new   hair   dryer .   the   attachments   don   t   stay   on ,   and   the   sliding   controls   for   power   and   heat   are   so   difficult   to   move   i   have   to   use   a   towel   to   get   enough   traction   to   turn   my   hair   dryer   on .   the   high   temperature   is   extremely   hot ,   which   dries   my   hair   very   quickly ,   but   i   m   not   convinced   it   helps   my   hair   look   healthy ,   as   my   ends   have   started   to   look   like   straw   since   i   started   using   this   hair   dryer .   i   wish   i   had   invested   in   a   better   hair   dryer !
two   stars   too   large   and   bulky .
nice ,   compact   blowdryer   nice ,   small   compact   blowdryer   with   alot   of   air   flow .
the   buttons   are   touched   to   easily   when   holding   it   the   buttons   are   touched   to   easily   when   holding   it .   also   there   should   be   3   speeds   on   the   air   blowing .
it   s   hard   to   believe   this   fair   dryer   really   gas   1875   ...   it   s   hard   to   believe   this   fair   dryer   really   gas   1875   watts .   it   doesn   t   get   hot   at   all   you   can   hold   it   directly   towards   your   scalp   and   it   s   only   warm .   definitely   not   worth   the   money .
five   stars   this   is   my   favorite   hair   dryer   and   it   s   the   third   i   ve   owned .
i   bought   the   same   model   conair   9   10   years   ago ,   ...   i   bought   the   same   model   conair   9   10   years   ago ,   and   have   usually   used   it   every   day .   it   still   works .   i   bought   it   again   just   to   have   when   the   other   must   surely   ultimately   die .   br   br   product   longevity   is   why   i   bought   it   again .
nothing   fancy   but   a   lot   of   hot   air !   i   had   my   last   one   of   these   for   about   8   10   years .   it   finally   went   kaput .   my   19   year   old   had   been   sharing   it   yeah   that   is   a   lot   of   blow   drying .   this   one   is   exactly   the   same   and   i   hope   to   get   another   8   10   years   out   of   it .
great   hair   dryer !   great   hair   dryer !   nice   size   with   great   features !   my   daughters   love   it .
five   stars   excellent   product
i   have   thick ,   thick   hair .   i   have   envied   ...   i   have   thick ,   thick   hair .   i   have   envied   the   speed   with   which   my   hair   dresser   dries   my   hair   and   finally   gave   in   and   purchased   the   hair   dryer   she   uses   the   3200   twin   turbo .   i   may   not   have   the   expertise   she   has   in   using   it ,   but   my   goal   has   been   achieved   my   hair   is   dried   speedily .
a   hair   dryer .   works   great .   i   ve   had   it   a   couple   of   months   and   still   working   fine .   blows   hard ,   gets   hot .   variable   settings .   long   cord   and   relatively   quiet .
five   stars   excelente
great   compact   blow   dryer   for   travelling   or   small   spaces !   this   hairdryer   is   very   compact ,   great   for   travelling ,   and   the   best   part   is   that   it   actually   works   despite   its   small   size !   plenty   of   pressure   and   heat   to   get   the   job   done .   the   only   downside   is   that   it   does   not   come   with   attachments   like   a   diffuser ,   which   i   typically   like   to   use .
...   is   the   dryers   that   came   in   our   kits   i   love   it !   it   drys   my   hair   so   fast   that   ...   i   first   experienced   this   hairdryer   when   i   was   in   cosmetology   school   this   is   the   dryers   that   came   in   our   kits   i   love   it !   it   drys   my   hair   so   fast   that   after   a   good   7   years   of   me   using   it   constantly   on   clients   or   myself   and   all   throughout   school   it   gave   out   on   me   so   i   found   it   here   and   it   was   worth   the   buy   again !   dry   time   is   shorter   and   it   has   power !
five   stars   great   wind ,   and   does   not   hurt   my   hair   that   much ! !
i   am   disappointed .   terrible .... lasted   only   6   months .   only   used   this   like   1   3   times   a   week .
five   stars   best   blow   dryer   ever .   very   powerful .
four   stars   just   a   hair   dryer .
five   stars   works   great .
dryers   looks   good   its   ok   but   you   need   to   spend   some   more   ...   dryers   looks   good   its   ok   but   you   need   to   spend   some   more   time   to   get   your   hair   dried .
love   it !   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   cant   believe   i   waited   so   long   to   buy   one .   great   for   roller   sets   my   2   1   2   34   rollers   are   almost   too   big   they   barely   fit   ,   i   think   a   2   34   roller   would   be   more   comfortable   and   deep   conditioning   treatment ,   i   do   one   almost   everytime   i   shampoo   now   its   that   easy .   it   is   large   and   raising   and   lowering   the   bonnet   is   not   easy   but   it   only   takes   about   15   minutes   for   my   hair   to   dry   with   a   roller   set   at   the   setting   on   60 ,   you   cant   beat   that !   no   more   tugging   and   pulling   on   my   fragile   bleached   hair   to   blow   dry   it   which   takes   me   about   a   half   a   hour   i   just   sit   and   relax   for   15   minutes   and   then   touch   the   set   up   with   a   flat   iron .   i   would   buy   this   over   again   in   a   heart   beat !
five   stars   really   good   product !
three   stars   awkward
it   s   fantastic ! !   i   ordered   this   because   i   needed   the   come   that   it   came   with   but   as   it   turns   out   this   blow   dryer   has   blown   my   mind .   it   s   fantastic !   !
five   stars   great   especially   for   the   price
loved   this   hair   dryer   did   not   make   the   bathroom   hot   loved   this   hair   dryer   did   not   make   the   bathroom   hot .   lasted   2   years ,   then   it   wouldn   t   turn   on   and   had   to   replace
cord   too   short   very   powerful   and   very   warm   air .   i   use   it   to   dry   my   dog   after   a   bath   and   the   cord   is   just   way   t0o   short   compared   to   my   last   dryer .
five   stars   powerful   and   compact .   what   i   was   looking   for .
absolutely   love .   im   a   male   african   american   and   i   have   ...   absolutely   love .   im   a   male   african   american   and   i   have   very   course   hair .   with   a   round   brush   it   gets   my   hair   straight   without   needing   a   flat   iron .   it   even   dries   my   hair   completely   with   cold   air !   my   conair   never   was   able   to   do   that .   simply   amazed   with   it .   it   id   definitely   worth   the   price .
five   stars   the   wall   mount   is   invaluable   and   the   drying   power   is   very   adequate .
but   it   installed   easily .   not   as   powerful   as   i   was   hoping ,   but   it   installed   easily .
love   it   still   using   this   after   a   year ..... love   the   retractable   cord
does   a   good   job   drying   hair   i   like   the   hairdryer   but   feel   the   stand   could   be   made   of   stronger   material   for   better   stabilization   and   the   shield   that   drops   down   over   front   of   face   is   a   bit   br   uncomfortable .   regardless ,   the   hair   dryer   does   a   good   job   and   am   happy   with   it   overall .
top   heavy   so   hard   to   move   around   but   warms   up   ...   top   heavy   so   hard   to   move   around   but   warms   up   quickly .   gets   really   hot   so   u   don   t   have   to   put   the   setting   high
great   price .   works   well   so   far   simple   and   functional .   great   price .   works   well   so   far ....  
four   stars   i   loved   the   remington   iconic   ceramic   hair   dryer .
five   stars   i   love   this   product
overall   good   quality   for   the   price   the   hose   from   the   base   to   the   bonnet   is   rather   short .   overall   good   quality   for   the   price .
four   stars   light ,   convenient   and   powerful
five   stars   works   great   and   love   the   rewind !
awesome !   this   hairdryer   is   the   best !   not   very   large   and   fits   conveniently   on   the   wall ,   right   by   the   sink .   my   husband   got   the   idea   from   a   hotel   room   and   it   s   one   of   the   best   purchases   we   ve   ever   made .
my   wife   says   it   works   great .   i   had   to   order   it   online   my   wife   says   it   works   great .   i   had   to   order   it   online .   the   one   she   had   for   several   years   was   not   performing   like   it   did   when   she   first   purchased   it   over   five   years   ago .   .   she   would   not   buy   a   different   type   at   a   store .   she   would   olny   accept   this   one .   i   am   glad   i   found   it   for   her .
five   stars   awesome   i   loved   it
hang   it   handy   on   wall
great   hairdryer   great   hairdryer .   i   ve   added   a   diffuser ,   and   it   s   great   for   my   curly   and   therefore   frizz   prone   hair .
four   stars   excellent
does   the   job   lightweight   can   only   use   on   the   low   setting   which   is   all   i   use   anyway   as   the   high   setting   causes   immediate   overheating .   i   really   like   this   dryer   from   the   standpoint   that   it   hardly   weighs   anything   and   doesn   t   make   my   arms   tired   from   the   weight   of   a   bulkier   dryer   while   using .   have   been   using   it   for   months   and   it   has   been   reliable   as   long   as   you   don   t   need   the   high   setting   .   has   enough   heat   even   at   the   low   setting   for   efficient   drying .
...   unit   was   exactly   what   we   wanted   with   a   very   good   price .   we   would   recommend   this   if   you   re   looking   ...   this   unit   was   exactly   what   we   wanted   with   a   very   good   price .   we   would   recommend   this   if   you   re   looking   for   a   lightweight ,   portable   dryer .
incompatible   power   plug   none   available .
...   product   runs   quieter   than   i   d   imagined   and   works   absolutely   great .   highly   recommended   this   product   runs   quieter   than   i   d   imagined   and   works   absolutely   great .   highly   recommended .
i   like   the   hair   dryer   i   like   the   hair   dryer ,   but   have   to   get   adjusted   to   the   longer   gun   barrell .   my   other   model   had   a   smaller   barrell   and   i   held   it   closer   to   my   head .   this   barrell   is   longer   and   i   keep   bumping   my   head   if   i   am   not   paying   attention   to   what   i   am   doing .   nice   dryer   for   the   price   and   works   great .   two   temp   s   and   two   speeds .
five   stars   good
satisfied .   arrived   as   expected .   satisfied .
caught   on   fire ...   warning !   this   dryer   will   catch   on   fire !   i   was   excited   about   this   dryer   because   it   was   cheap ,   included   the   accessories   i   needed   and   looked   to   be   good   quality   from   the   description   and   reviews ,   but   i   guess   not !   i   just   received   it   today   and   tried   it   out   this   evening   to   dry   my   hair .   started   it   out   on   low   warm   for   a   few   minutes   to   make   sure   it   worked   properly .   it   was   fine   so   i   moved   it   up   to   high   warm   and   continued .   i   used   it   for   a   minute   before   i   heard   crackling   sounds   from   inside   and   looked   in ,   the   coils   inside   were   turning   red   hot   so   i   turned   it   off .   about   a   minute   later   i   turned   it   back   on   low   to   see   if   it   was   a   fluke ,   the   dryer   started   to   hum   quietly   not   at   the   speed   sound   it   was   just   at   when   working   properly   and   then   caught   on   fire !   smoke   coming   out   of   both   ends ,   inside   red   hot   and   small   flames .   needless   to   say   it   is   unusable   and   i   will   be   returning   for   a   refund .   i   had   it   less   than   24   hours   and   literally   one   use   and   it   is   gone .   do   not   buy .   i   was   fooled   by   the   good   reviews ,   maybe   i   received   a   defective   product   but   i   will   not   be   trying   again .
best   dryer   ever   it   is   quiet   and   dries   all   our   hair   quickly   and   feels   soft   after .   i   was   referred   to   this   dryer   by   my   sister   and   i   love   love   it .   br   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone   that   wants   a   light   weight ,   quiet   and   very   good   dryer .   cord   is   long   so   does   not   get   tangled !
amazing   hair   dryer !   i   love   this   dryer ! ! ! !   it   is   quieter   than   other   dryers   that   i   have   owned   and   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time .   it   is   a   little   heavier ,   but   it   is   very   well   balanced   so   i   don   t   notice   anymore .
love   conair !   always   been   a   conair   user   and   after   my   original   conair   blow   dryer   was   torn   up   by   the   dog   which   i   had   for   6   years   i   chose   this   one   to   replace   it   .   so   far   i   m   very   happy   with   it ,   very   strong   and   lightweight .   i   don   t   think   it   s   any   louder   than   a   usual   blow   dryer   but   it   s   not   quiet   either .   my   only   qualm   is   you   can   t   change   the   temperature   but   not   a   big   deal !
five   stars   this   works   very   well   for   a   travel   blow   dryer .
good   timer   and   temp   control   but   it   is   not   sturdy   it   drys   fast ,   good   timer   and   temp   control   but   it   is   not   sturdy ,   it   tilts   everytime   i   use   it .
professional   lightweight   hair   dryer   love   this   hair   dryer .   purchased   the   same   model   august   2013 .   it   only   lasted   a   year   and   a   month   before   it   started   making   a   weird   noise .   ordered   another   one   anyway .   the   problem   with   my   new   one   is   the   straightening   attachment   won   t   fit .   i   m   using   it   without   it .   seems   to   work   out   okay .
five   stars   worth   the   expense
five   stars   it   does   its   job .   no   complaints .
conairs   are   better   compared   to   this .   i   am   a   professional   and   have   tried   many   dryers .   my   personal   one   blew   up   so   i   got   this   one .   it   s   not   that   great .   be   prepared   to   dry   your   hair   for   30   minutes .
not   recommended   for   thick   curly   hair ..   unfortunately ,   my   dryer   is   broken .   when   switched   to   250 ,   i   can   not   move   the   heat   level   passed   low .   also ,   the   bristles   to   the   brush   arrived   bent .   i   have   thick   sicilian   hair   and   the   brush   does   not   comb   through   my   curls .   i   will   be   returning   this   product .
three   stars   happy   female   family   with   this .
bad   design   and   workmanship !   i   had   to   send   two   back .   they   both   were   broke .   one   ran   for   about   30   seconds .   ! ! ! !
five   stars   very   happy   with   it !
great !   fits   on   the   very   skinny   nozzle   of   my   deva   curl   dryer .   does   a   great   job .   the   part   of   the   diffuser   that   attaches   to   the   dryer   gradually   gets   wider   so   it   will   fit   a   variety   of   dryer   nozzle   widths .   i   don   t   think   it   will   fit   on   very   large   wide   width   dryer   nozzles   though .   i   love   it .
powerful   but   quiet .   powerful   but   quiet .
one   star   used   it   three   times   and   it   died !
five   stars   great   hair   dryer ! !
four   stars   great !
great   hair   dryer   teen   daughters   love   this   hair   dryer .   takes   up   much   less   room   in   their   bathroom   than   a   full   size   dryer   and   is   much   quieter .
five   stars   works   wonderful !   love   the   attachments   it   came   with .
five   stars   great !   it   is   small   and   light   but   blow   quickly .
she   loves   it   and   loved   how   it   shortens   the   drying   time   bought   this   a   a   gift   for   my   wife .   she   loves   it   and   loved   how   it   shortens   the   drying   time .   wen   my   mother   comes   for   a   visit   from   out   of   town   she   loves   it   as   well   and   would   get   it   if   she   hadn   t   just   recently   bought   a   lower   model .
five   stars   the   wind   is   strong   enough  
...   hair   dryer   about   a   year   ago   and   it   worked   great   until   last   week   and   smoke   started   coming   out   of   ...   bought   this   hair   dryer   about   a   year   ago   and   it   worked   great   until   last   week   and   smoke   started   coming   out   of   the   handle   around   the   setting   select   dial .   wouldn   t   have   another   due   to   this   fire   hazard .   fortunately ,   i   noticed   the   smoke   right   away   and   turned   it   off .
five   stars   great   brush   for   getting   in   the   gum   line .   bred   ommended   by   my   hygienist .
two   stars   i   gave   it   a   2   just   because   it   didn   t   fit   in   my   blower .
wow !   first   off ,   i   found   this   at   a   goodwill   for   4   dollars   brand   new .   the   only   thing   that   was   missing   was   one   of   the   attachments .   which   isn   t   really   a   big   deal   at   all .   br   br   my   hair   is   very   long ,   thick ,   and   full   of   both   spiral   curls   and   waves   that   make   it   pretty   hard   to   style   naturally .   br   br   this   dryer   is   seriously   amazing .   it   dryed   my   hair   so   fast .   i   always   put   in   renewing   argon   oil   of   morocco   extra   penetrating   treatment   from   organix   about   5   dollars   at   walmart   before   i   blow   dry   my   hair   which   leaves   it   smooth   and   soft ,   so   i   m   not   sure   how   the   dryer   would   have   done   on   it   s   own   without   it ,   but   i   am   still   blown   away   with   how   fast ,   efficient ,   and   quiet   this   dryer   is .   seriously   such   a   great   find .   br   br   my   only   complaint   is   that   it   is   kind   of   bigger   and   while   it   s   light   when   you   re   just   holding   it ,   it   can   make   your   wrist   tired   pretty   fast   if   you   have   a   lot   of   hair   to   dry .   even   so ,   i   still   highly   recommend   this   dryer .
looks   like   a   good   idea   though   i   have   thick   polynesian   hair   so   in   my   case ,   it   doesn   t   give   off   enough   blow   power   to   get   through   my   large   mane .   looks   like   a   good   idea   though .
five   stars   very   good   product  
great   dryer   just   not   for   my   hair   type   this   seems   like   a   great   hair   dryer ,   just   not   for   my   hair   type .   it   definitely   seems   to   put   moisture   into   the   hair .   unfortunately ,   i   have   curly   hair   which   i   blow   dry   straight .   it   seemed   that   there   was   so   much   moisture   in   my   hair   that   it   started   to   curl   up   after   a   short   time ,   even   worse   if   it   was   a   humid   day .   if   you   have   dry   hair   i   think   you   would   love   this   dryer .   also ,   it   is   a   bit   large   and   heavy ,   a   bit   difficult   for   me   to   use .
i   love   the   cool   setting   which   i   use   to   dry   my   ...   i   love   the   cool   setting   which   i   use   to   dry   my   hair   in   order   to   avoid   applying   excess   heat   to   my   hair .   i   use   it   on   a   daily   basis   and   it   works   great .
...   for   almost   a   year   every   day   and   still   works   fine !   a   gift   to   one   of   my   daughters   for   christmas   and   she   has   been   using   it   for   almost   a   year   every   day   and   still   works   fine !
really   lousy   this   dryer   is   definitely   lightweight   like   people   have   said .   it   feels   really   cheap .   the   one   i   ordered   wouldn   t   get   hot   enough   certainly   not   as   hot   as   most   hair   dryers   with   this   wattage   ,   and   the   heat   would   go   off   and   back   on   while   using   it .   took   forever   to   dry   my   hair .   i   m   sending   it   back .
very   useful   to   me   i   use   it   every   other   day   to   dry   my   hair   because   i   always   wash   hair   at   night .   it   is   very   useful   to   me .   it   has   good   quality   and   strong   wind .   and   it   looks   pretty .
awful   product   i   was   initially   pleased   with   this   compact ,   inexpensive   dryer .   but   when   i   tried   to   switch   it   to   250   volts   before   traveling ,   i   found   it   is   poorly   designed ,   poorly   documented ,   and   dangerous .   br   br   first ,   the   documentation   does   not   make   it   clear   that   you   must   switch   it   manually   from   125   to   250   volts .   from   the   other   reviews   i   can   see   that   many   people   will   assume   it   will   switch   automatically   like   most   laptops   and   cell   phone   chargers   .   it   will   not .   these   other   users   apparently   did   not   flip   this   switch   and   reported   that   it   gets   hot   and   noisy   when   they   use   it   at   250   volts .   this   is   expected   and   is   extremely   dangerous .   br   br   the   switch   is   horrible .   it   has   no   markings   to   point   to   the   125   or   250   volt   setting ,   so   i   had   to   guess .   only   by   trial   and   error   and   the   fact   that   it   was   supposed   to   be   initially   set   to   125   volts   ,   did   i   figure   out   which   was   which .   br   br   i   needed   to   use   a   screwdriver   to   turn   the   switch   because ,   unlike   most   devices ,   a   coin   will   not   fit   in   the   slot .   so   unless   i   would   have   brought   my   toolbox   with   me   on   my   trip ,   i   could   not   switch   it   even   if   i   was   aware   that   you   need   to   do   so   .   br   br   after   turning   the   switch   back   and   forth   a   couple   of   times   it   broke .   br   br   i   am   a   mechanical   engineer   and   i   decided   to   take   it   apart   to   see   if   the   design   really   is   as   bad   as   it   appears .   it   is .   switching   the   badly   documented ,   badly   designed   switch   is   really   necessary   to   change   the   circuit   from   125   to   250   volts   and   avoid   dangerous   overvoltage   and   overheating .
it   is   the   best   dryer .   i   like   it   because   it   generates   good   ...   i   m   only   giving   this   dryer   2   stars   because   when   it   works ,   it   is   the   best   dryer .   i   like   it   because   it   generates   good   heat   without   the   blow   part   being   a   hurricane ,   which   allows   for   good   control   for   drying   and   styling   and   i   get   compliments   on   my   hair   and   how   shiny   it   is .   the   huge   disappointment   in   this   dryer   is   that   this   is   my   second   one ,   and   in   a   year   it   broke   the   one   before   that   same   deal ,   lasted   just   under   2   years .   a   150   dryer   should   last   longer   than   that .   i   cleaned   the   filter   as   recommended ,   if   it   requires   more   than   what   i   was   doing   then   i   guess   the   dryer   is   just   too   high   maintenance   for   me .   i   just   contacted   the   vendor   i   bought   it   through   and   i   m   hoping   the   manufacturer   is   going   to   replace   it ,   otherwise   i   m   done   using   these   dryers .
recommend   love   this   little   blow   dryer   than   has   more   power   than   my   big   expensive   salon   dryer .   great   for   travel .
i   was   looking   for   a   good   option   for   my   curly   hair   and   found   it   i   was   looking   for   a   good   option   for   my   curly   hair   and   found   it .   great   product .   came   in   super   fast
four   stars   i   like   the   dryer   because   of   the   cord   reel   feature ,   i   just   wish   it   was   not   so   loud .
five   stars   used   this   for   our   trip   to   europe   with   no   issues .
absolutely   amazing   curls ! !   i   have   long   wavy   curly   hair   and   i   ve   never   owned   a   hair   dryer .   i   always   thought   air   drying   was   best   for   the   health   of   my   hair   but   lately   my   hair   has   gotten   so   gross   and   messy   and   frizzy   that   i   almost   considered   giving   myself   a   hair   cut   and   just   chopping   off   everything   off   a   few   times .   i   did   start   using   a   cleanser   once   a   week   and   that   helped   somewhat   but   my   hair   was   still   just   horrible .   so   instead   of   doing   something   drastic   i   decided   to   give   blow   drying   a   chance .   i   bought   the   babyliss   3   in   1   diffuser   with   it   so   i   ve   only   ever   used   the   two   together .   before   i   get   into   the   results ,   my   first   two   thoughts   when   opening   the   box   was   that   1 .   the   black   is   a   beautiful   deep   matte   color   and   the   pink   is   a   lot   nicer   on   the   product   then   in   the   picture   and   2 .   it   s   a   lot   lighter   than   i   expected .   everybody   complained   about   how   heavy   it   was .   again ,   i   ve   never   owned   a   hair   dryer   so   maybe   they   re   normally   a   lot   lighter   then   this   one .   but   from   me ,   no   complaints !   br   br   and   to   the   results ...   my   hair   is   absolutely   amazing   now .   sometimes   i   ll   just   look   at   my   hair   in   the   mirror   or   even   when   a   perfect   curl   falls   on   my   shoulder   and   i   m   just   so   happy .   it   s   like   it   was   styled   and   curled   for   hours   to   get   it   to   look   like   that .   it   takes   about   20   minutes   to   dry   it   completely   and   style   it   which   sure   beats   the   4   hours   it   takes   to   air   dry   it .   i   put   in   some   before   products ,   lots   of   mousse   and   some   gel   and   get   to   scrunching   and   by   the   end   my   hair   is   so   full   of   volume   and   curls !   and   the   best   part   is   that   my   hair   is   still   perfect   for   the   next   two   days .   sometimes   i   ll   rewet   my   hair   and   diffuse   it   for   about   5   minutes   to   add   more   curl   to   it   but   then   i   m   good   to   go !   br   br   i   ve   never   used   the   blow   dryer   to   straighten   my   hair   yet   but   if   and   when   i   do   i   ll   review   that .   but   for   now   i   m   loving   my   curls ! !
five   stars   for   mom   and   it   works   great .
five   stars   you   cant   beet   this   dryer   at   any   price .
i   waste   my   money   on   it   i   waste   my   money   on   it !   i   have   thin   hair   and   this   one   doesn   t   work   with   me ,   not   hot   at   all !  
great   purchase   great   price !   all   i   can   say   is   34   wow   34   !   what   a   quality   product !   i   love   it !   it   is   so   well   made   and   works   like   a   dream .   i   can   now   give   myself   the   34   straight   out   of   the   salon   34   hair .   great   purchase !
as   good   as   a   big   blow   dryer   as   strong   as   a   big   dryer .   this   is   my   2nd   one .   the   old   one   still   works   great .   and   i   ve   had   it   8   years !   perfect   for   traveling .
great   product   love   this   product .   have   had   it   for   years   and   it   still   works   great .   drys   my   hair   in   no   time   at   all .
hot   air   heat   stops   working   sometimes .   still   blows   air .
five   stars   easy   to   tote   around .   small   and   light   enough   to   keep   in   my   gym   bag .
five   stars   excellent ,   practical ,   very   good   product .
five   stars   has   always   been   my   favorite   blow   dryer .   love   it
four   stars   seems   to   be   good   so   far .   i   have   only   had   it   for   1   week .
perfect   i   love   this   hairdryer .   it   does   blow   hard   on   the   high   setting ,   which   is   exactly   what   i   wanted .   i   also   love   the   hot ,   medium   and   cold   settings .   you   can   set   it   there   and   go   on   your   way   unlike   other   hairdryers   where   you   have   to   hold   down   a   34   cold   34   button   to   get   the   cold   air .   i   try   to   use   the   medium   setting   as   much   as   possible   to   limit   the   heat   damage   to   my   hair .   the   only   thing   that   would   make   this   hairdryer   better   is   a   retractable   cord !   d
five   stars   good   quality   hair   dryer   with   enough   power   to   even   satisfy   my   wife .   you   can   feel   the   quality   while   using .
it   works   great .   live   the   retractable   cord   it   works   great .   live   the   retractable   cord .
extremely   disappointed .   used   it   once ... and   it   doesn   t   work   now .   i   had   to   go   the   rest   of   my   trip   in   brazil   without   having   a   hair   dryer .   extremely   disappointed .
five   stars   great   value .   really   like   the   2   speeds
nice   powerful   hairdryer   powerful   hair   dryer   for   a   travel   model
rip   9   25   2014   lasted   9   months   ...   purchased   december   14 ,   2013   ..   died   september   25   2014 .   what   happened   to   the   hair   dryers   that   used   to   go   for   10   years   this   one   the   cord   started   heating   up   and   then   it   just   stopped   working .   probably   the   4th   hair   dryer   i   ve   bought   my   wife   in   5   years   ...   i   guess   they   are   just   a   disposable   item   now .
great   blow   job !   i   don   t   care   about   any   attachments   that   come   with   a   blow   dryer   and   toss   them   on   arrival .   manly   men ,   like   me   for   example ,   don   t   use   blow   dryers   because   that   would   be   vain   and ,   you   know ,   unmanly .   unless   maybe   the   man   lives   in   a   really   cold   climate ,   let   s   say   chicago   for   no   reason   in   particular ,   and   would   risk   forming   an   ice   hair   helmet   if   he   left   the   house   with   it   still   damp .   in   that   scenario   i   think   it   s   probably   okay   so   long   as   he   uses   a   blow   dryer   that   has   the   word   man   in   its   name   and   doesn   t   talk   about   it ,   ever .   br   br   i   give   it   four   out   of   five   stars ,   because   it   s   okay   for   a   guy   to   like   a   blow   dryer ,   but   unmanly   for   a   guy   to   love   one . ive   it   four   out   of   five   stars ,   because   it   s   okay   for   a   guy   to   like   a   blow   dryer ,   but   probably   not   only   unnatural ,   but   more   importantly ,   unmanly   for   a   guy   to   love   his   blow   dryer .
amazing   hair   dryer   amazing   hair   dryer ! ! !   some   of   the   attachments   don   t   work   all   that   great   but   the   power   of   the   dryer   itself   and   the   comb   attachment   make   drying   your   hair   as   easy   as   brushing !
great   product   except   the   brush   attachment   this   is   an   excellent   product .   very   easy   to   use   and   just   what   i   needed   however   after   one   use   the   brush   attachment   is   starting   to   fall   apart .   despite   this   one   issue   this   is   an   excellent   product .
five   stars   awesome ! !   best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   had
very   satisfied   with   this   purchase   none   available .
nice   hairdryer !   this   is   a   nice ,   lightweight   hairdryer .   use   this   one   over   my   old   one   all   the   time   now   even   though   i   specifically   bought   it   for   travel .   like   the   feel   of   it   in   my   hand ,   and   puts   out   less   heat   than   my   other   one .   i   recommend   this   dryer .   does   a   great   job   on   my   short ,   thick   hair   and   dries   quickly .
great   dryer   for   the   money   great   dryer   for   the   money !
don   t   buy   it .   doesn   t   last !   this   dumb   dryer   was   underused   and   it   overheated .   when   i   bought   it   only   good   reviews   were   to   be   found .   now   i   see   plenty   of   dissatisfied   customer   reviews .   well   i   can   add   mine   to   all   of   theirs .   don   t   but   this   dryer .   a   cheap   dryer   i   ve   had   since   a   teenager   still   works   and   this   one   broke   after   10   months   of   use   at   maybe   2   mins   of   use   per   day .   my   husband   used   it   and   he   doesn   t   have   long   hair ....   very   disappointed   in   this   product .   seller   would   not   take   it   back .
three   stars   i   liked   that   it   has   a   3   heat   low ,   mid ,   high   settings ,   and   great   price .
five   stars   i   just   returned   from   3   weeks   in   italy   and   france .   this   dual   voltage   hair   dryer   worked   perfectly !
four   stars   great   product
five   stars   these   are   super   handy .   just   like   a   hotel   at   home .
gap   between   product   and   the   wall   when   mounted .   this   does   not   mount   close   to   wall .   there   is   a   quite   large   gap   between   hairdryer   and   wall .   you   can   mount   it   with   the   provided   bracket ,   or   with   a   screw   through   the   back .   either   way   there   is   a   gap   that   requires   caulking .   not   a   small   gap .
takes   good   care   of   my   fine ,   thin   hair   love   the   size ,   love   the   color ,   it   even   has   a   slow   speed   that   gives   off   an   appropriate   amount   of   heat .
...   new   hair   dryer   in   many   years   and   i   just   love   this   one   haven   t   had   a   new   hair   dryer   in   many   years   and   i   just   love   this   one .   it   s   light   enough   for   me   to   handle   and   yet   strong   enough   to   do   the   job .   thank   you ,   conair .
five   stars   the   best   one
five   stars   good   price   and   product
five   stars   good .
best   blowdryer   shiny   and   looks   good .   but   also   works   the   best ! ! !
very   fast   drying   time   and   my   hair   shines   fast   drying   time   and   shine   shine   shine ! ! !
five   stars   it   works   as   advertised   without   problems .   it   just   has   limited   options   except   speed .
convenient   this   is   extremely   easy   to   use .   the   only   flaw   is   that   it   blows   harder   on   one   side .   i   have   to   clip   the   hair   down .
guess   i   brought   a   bad   one !   didnt   last   long   maybe   a   month .   made   a   weird   noise .   and   knocked   the   electric   out ,   guess   i   brought   a   bad   one ! ! !
five   stars   great  
my   mother   really   likes   a   conair   225r   comfort   touch   tourmaline   ...   my   mother   really   likes   a   conair   225r   comfort   touch   tourmaline   ceramic   1875   watt   hair   dryer   that   i   got   about   a   year   ago ,   so   i   decided   to   let   her   have   it   and   try   a   different   one .   i   went   with   the   remington   ac2015   based   on   reviews .   my   hair   dryer   rating   is   based   on   speed   and   ability   to   keep   my   hair   sleek   and   unburned ,   since   i   have   plenty   of   hair   and   live   in   a   humid   place   year   round .   i   have   to   say   that   while   both   the   remington   and   the   conair   perform   quite   well ,   the   conair   wins   for   me   it   s   noticeably   lighter ,   and   its   sliding   buttons   are   friendlier   than   the   remington   s   flipping   ones .
argan   heat   ceramic   hair   dryer   relatively   quiet ,   dries   hair   much   faster   than   my   previous   dryer .
disappointed   that   2   years   have   gone   by   and   it   died   disappointed   that   2   years   have   gone   by   and   it   died .   seems   to   be   the   life   of   these   hair   dryers   as   this   one   was   my   2nd .   not   sure   that   i   am   buying   a   3rd   as   i   don   t   feel   like   buying   a   new   hair   dryer   every   2   years .
five   stars   working   great   so   far !
i   have   always   used   conair   hair   dryers   but   i   am   ...   i   have   always   used   conair   hair   dryers   but   i   am   not   fond   of   this   one   at   all .   sub   par   for   their   usual   quality .
five   stars   works   really   well !
good   hair   dryer !   purchased   as   a   replacement .   good   dryer !
four   stars   turbo !
this   is   an   amazing   hair   dryer   this   is   an   amazing   hair   dryer !   very   quiet   but   powerful .   it   leaves   my   hair   soft   and   silky .   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned !
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer .   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   controls   for   both   the   temperature   and   fan   speed .   highly   recommend !
this   cord   is   really   long   and   a   bit   tough   to   manage .   the   dryer   arrived   as   pictured ...... however ,   the   cord   is   really   long   and   hard   to   manage .   it   would   be   helpful   to   know   this   since   a   super   lengthy   cord   could   be   challenging   in   a   small   bathroom ....... conair   needs   to   shorten   this   cord   by   a   good   12   inches .
magic   wife   swears   that   there   is   magic   in   the   ceramic ...   br   br   tells   me   all   hyatt   hotels   have   them   in   their   rooms ...   br   br   what   do   i   know  
five   stars   nice   and   compact !
i   actually   love   this   hair   dryer   and   would   give   it   5   starts   ...   i   actually   love   this   hair   dryer   and   would   give   it   5   starts   but   due   to   where   the   on   off   button   is   right   where   my   thumb   warps   around   the   handle   i   keep   accidentally   shutting   off   the   unit   while   i   am   using   it   so   for   me   there   is   a   tiny   design   flaw .   the   dryers   works   quickly   and   leaves   my   hair   shining   and   healthy .
four   stars   great   dryer ,   but   on   off   switch   is   difficult   for   arthritic   fingers !
my   hair   did   seem   particularly   nice   after   using   this   i   ve   only   used   this   once ,   so   i   don   t   know   if   it   was   a   fluke   or   my   imagination ,   but   my   hair   does   seem   particularly   nice   and   soft   today .   br   br   i   have   long   hair   and   did   not   experience   my   hair   getting   stuck   in   the   fan ,   although   i   know   that   can   happen   with   any   dryer .   i   don   t   see   why   this   dryer   would   be   any   worse   than   others .   br   br   it   is   stronger   than   my   old   dryer   but   i   had   to   try   them   both   back   to   back   to   convince   myself ,   the   difference   is   not   dramatic .   i   like   having   two   speeds   and   three   temps   that   operate   independently ,   so   you   can   have   high   heat   and   low   fan   if   you   want ,   or   vice   versa .   i   ve   never   had   a   cool   temp   before   so   i   tried   it ,   who   knows ,   maybe   that   is   why   my   hair   feels   especially   nice .   br   br   it   s   definitely   heavier   than   the   average   cheap   blow   dryer   but   it   did   seem   that   my   hair   dried   quicker   so   i   think   it   s   an   ok   trade   off .   also   my   old   dryer   s   motor   sounds   pretty   cheap   and   sick   after   the   hum   of   this   one ,   but   i   don   t   find   much   difference   in   loudness   or   tone .   br   br   i   like   the   rocker   controls .   the   whole   reason   i   bought   a   new   dryer   is   that   my   really   old   dryer   died ,   i   had   a   spare   hanging   around   the   house   that   i   started   to   use ,   but   it   has   slider   controls   and   i   found   it   impossible   to   change   settings   without   stopping   and   looking   and   even   then   it   was   hard   to   move   the   sliders .   with   this   new   dryer   i   can   easily   change   a   setting   and   i   find   it   easy   to   keep   my   fingers   slightly   to   the   side   of   the   controls   to   avoid   accidentally   making   changes .
great   dryer !   very   nice   hair   dryer .   it   s   a   little   heavier   than   my   old   hair   dryer   but   it   has   more   features   that   i   really   like .   i   have   very   short   hair   that   dries   quickly   and   haven   t   noticed   any   difference   in   drying   time .   i   really   like   that   it   truly   has   several   drying   options .   the   heat   and   the   blower   volume   are   truly   separate   so   you   can   use   cool ,   warm   or   hot   heat   with   low   or   high   blower   volumes .   and   i   love   the   cool   temperature   option !   my   head   sweats   a   lot   and   it   s   wonderful   to   be   able   to   blast   my   head   with   a   cool   high   volume   blast   of   air .   it   s   really   cool ,   not   cold ,   but   not   warm   either .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   had   this   one   for   6   years   before   it   finally   gave   out .   i   immediately   replaced   it   with   the   same   product .   it   s   affordable ,   lasts   and   works   great !
the   dryer   is   the   worst   one   i   ever   had   it   started   falling   apart   on   ...   the   dryer   is   the   worst   one   i   ever   had   it   started   falling   apart   on   the   first   day   of   using   it ,   don   t   loose   your   money   on   junk .
quiet   and   fairly   light   weight .   i   have   very   long   ...   quiet   and   fairly   light   weight .   i   have   very   long   hair   that   usually   takes   20   minutes   to   blow   dry .   i   use   the   medium   temperature   setting   and   it   takes   me   still   close   to   20   minutes ,   but   my   hair   is   so   soft   afterwards   that   i   don   t   even   mind !
i   love   this   item   and   i   still   have   it   i   can   blow   dry   my   hair   straight   without   using   a   brush .   i   love   this   item   and   i   still   have   it   today
three   stars   the   turn   on   off   switch   is   really   hard   to   move .
five   stars   good   running   smooth
girlfriend   and   lady   friend   both   use   it .   girlfriend   and   lady   friend   both   use   it .
great   dryer   for   the   price .   i   saw   other   reviews   talk   about   it   being   super   powerful .   i   don   t   find   that ,   but   it   s   quite   adequate .   it   is   heavy   and   big ,   but   i   m   ok   with   it ,   and   i   m   tiny .   i   don   t   see   how   a   dryer   can   be   not   heavy   if   it   has   good   vibration   damping   and   noise   muffling ,   which   this   does .   i   love   the   low   noise   level ,   as   it   is   right   by   my   ear ,   i   ve   had   enough   of   the   loud   flimsy   light   dryers   in   the   past .   the   only   annoying   thing   is   the   buttons   on   the   handle .   i   have   to   be   very   careful   when   i   move   it   around   my   head ,   it   s   easy   to   touch   the   buttons   and   change   the   settings   unintentionally .   also   the   head   is   long   i   have   long   hair   too ,   and   i   m   a   tiny   person .   sometimes   i   grasp   the   blower   part   like   pros   do   in   salons ,   thank   goodness   for   its   low   vibration .   just   that   the   beautiful   silk   finish   gets   oily   from   my   hand   that   way .   oh   well ,   still   a   great   dryer   overall .   i   ve   had   it   a   year   already .
excellent   product !   excellent   product !
cracked   flap   the   dryer   works   fine   but   i   purchased   it   for   a   birthday   gift   and   the   front   flap   is   cracked .   i   believed   it   happened   during   the   shipping ,
pretty   good   value   it   s   been   over   a   year   since   i   bought   this .   it   s   working   well .   pretty   good   value !
five   stars   great   my   wife   loves   it ,   happy   wife   happy   life ! ! !
fast   my   wife   says   that   is   faster   do   her   hair   with   this   one .   and   i   can   tell   lol
she   liked   bought   thid   for   my   girlfriend ...   she   liked   it
five   stars   love   the   convenience
two   stars   it   was   great   while   it   lasted   5   months !   just   stopped   working .
works   great .   have   had   it   about   a   year   works   great .   have   had   it   about   a   year .   so   nice   to   have   it   on   the   wall   out   of   the   way .   easier   than   some   to   remove   the   lent   sceen   to   clean .
five   stars   great   hairdryer !
five   stars   great   product .   love   it ! ! !
great   hair   dryer !   well   worth   the   money ! ! !   i   have   long   hair ,   that   is   about   half   way   down   my   back .   i   ve   never   been   a   huge   fan   of   blow   dryers   and   used   to   just   let   my   hair   air   dry .   lately   my   hair   is   wavier   than   it   used   to   be   if   i   air   dry   it ,   so   it   doesn   t   look   as   nice ,   and   i   ve   started   blowing   it   dry   most   times   i   wash   it .   previously ,   i   ve   only   purchased   a   couple   of   hair   dryers ,   and   i   don   t   think   i   spent   much   money   on   them .   i   have   been   dealing   with   some   flyaways   lately   too   so   when   my   previous   blow   dryer   quit   on   me ,   i   did   a   little   research   before   buying   a   new   one .   i   never   anticipated   spending   this   much   money   on   a   blow   dryer .   i   mean ,   aren   t   they   all   the   same   i   soon   learned   that   the   answer   is   no .   br   br   this   is   still   a   fairly   new   product ,   so   there   were   not   a   lot   of   reviews   to   go   by .   i   did   research   on   what   to   look   for   in   a   hair   dryer .   it   was   pretty   easy   to   decide   that   negative   ions   are   a   good   thing   when   buying   a   hair   dryer .   tourmaline   ceramic   well ,   ok ,   but   what   about   nanoe   it   seems   that   panasonic   is   the   only   one   using   this   technology   right   now .   infuses   1000x   more   moisture   into   hair   than   typical   ion   hair   dryers   i   was   definitely   skeptical   when   i   read   that .   br   br   i   knew   that   i   definitely   wanted   separate   controls   for   speed   and   heat ,   and   the   panasonic   eh   na65   k   has   that .   i   was   also   hoping   to   find   a   hair   dryer   that   came   with   a   couple   of   attachments .   the   nozzle   for   my   last   hair   dryer   would   come   off   sometime   when   i   was   using   the   hair   dryer   because   it   just   slipped   over   the   end   of   the   dryer .   the   panasonic   comes   with   3   different   attachments   that   snap   into   place   and   can   be   turned   to   whatever   orientation   you   are   looking   for .   they   are   nice   attachments !   br   br   as   i   said   before ,   there   were   only   a   few   reviews   out   there ,   but   what   was   there   was   nothing   but   great   reviews .   what   the   heck ,   i   decided   to   give   it   a   try   and   i   must   say   that   i   m   very   pleased .   this   hair   dryer   is   quite   a   bit   quieter   than   my   previous   one .   i   also   really   noticed   how   much   i   am   used   to   the   quietness   of   this   the   last   time   i   got   a   hair   cut   and   the   salon   used   a   regular   dryer   to   dry   my   hair .   it   was   way   louder .   this   also   dries   my   hair   much   quicker ,   which   is   really   nice .   with   the   amount   of   hair   i   have ,   it   takes   a   while   to   dry .   most   of   the   time   i   am   using   the   quick   dry   nozzle .   i   also   found   that   i   didn   t   need   to   brush   my   hair   while   using   this   hair   dryer .   i   just   dry   it   free   style   and   my   hair   looks   good   and   straight   when   i   m   done .   as   for   the   flyaways ,   it   didn   t   completely   solve   that   problem ,   but   it   does   seem   to   make   that   better   too .   br   br   after   using   this   hair   dryer   the   first   time ,   i   thought   my   hair   looked   a   little   darker   than   normal ,   and   figured   that   my   mind   must   just   be   playing   tricks   on   me   since   i   know   this   is   supposed   to   infuse   moisture   in   my   hair .   the   next   day ,   one   of   my   coworkers   asked   me   if   i   did   something   different   to   my   hair .   i   asked   why   they   asked   and   they   said   my   hair   looked   a   little   different   color   than   normal .   i   have   natural   red   hair   and   have   never   dyed   my   hair   before .   i   couldn   t   believe   it !   i   didn   t   tell   anyone   that   i   was   getting   a   new   hair   dryer .   that   told   me   that   what   i   noticed   must   have   been   true .   br   br   to   summarize ,   i   am   very   happy   with   my   new   hair   dryer .   it   hurt   to   spend   this   much   money   at   first ,   but   now   i   think   it   was   well   worth   the   cost .   now   i   just   wish   that   panasonic   would   come   out   with   a   travel   size   nanoe   hair   dryer .   this   hair   dryer   is   a   little   larger   than   a   regular   one ,   due   to   the   nanoe   port   on   the   top .   between   that   and   just   the   weight   of   it   being   a   full   size   hair   dryer ,   i   don   t   really   want   to   take   it   with   me   when   i   travel .   i   travel   for   business   about   once   a   month   a   really   miss   this   hair   dryer   when   i   m   gone .   br   br   panasonic ,   please   make   a   travel   nanoe   hair   dryer !
hard   but   it   is   fine   for   the   price   cord   is   to   stiff ,   hard   but   it   is   fine   for   the   price   .   the   dryer   works   good .
i   have   bought   4   of   these   over   time   and   they   ...   i   have   bought   4   of   these   over   time   and   they   are   very   handy   for   the   bathroom .   eliminate   that   struggle   to   locate   a   hair   dryer .
four   stars   satisfied   from   the   performance
super   happy   i   bought   this   one   easy   to   install ,   makes   for   a   great   night   light   in   the   bathroom   with   the   blue   little   led   colored   light   strip ,   works   fabulously
five   stars   love   it ,   nice   size   now   i   need   one   with   dual   voltage   for   traveling   overseas .
four   stars   great   travel   dryer ! ! !
five   stars   works   very   well   not   as   hot   or   noisy   as   most .   it   takes   longer   to   dry   hair .
took   this   one   to   europe   and   it   worked   great .   make   sure   you   switch   it   from   110   to   ...   took   this   one   to   europe   and   it   worked   great .   make   sure   you   switch   it   from   110   to   220   when   you   travel   to   a   country   with   220   voltage !
fabulous   my   original   own   died   after   dropping   it   several   times .   loved   this   dryer   so   replaced   it .   gets   hair   dry   fast   and   is   not   too   loud .
size   and   strength   concerns .   good   dual   voltage   travel   dryer ,   although   a   bit   larger   than   expected ,   and   a   little   weaker   than   an   1875   should   be ,   imho .   still   it   works   fine .
best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .....   this   is   my   second   purchase   of   this   model   hair   dryer ..   the   first   one   lasted   about   15   years   using   two   times   a   day ! !   so ,   i   was   happy   to   find   that   they   still   make   this   model ,   very   powerful   and   doesn   t   clutter   up   the   bathroom   with   the   wall   mount   and   the   way   the   cord   is   attached .   five   stars   for   sure ! ! ! ! ! !
gets   my   hair   nice   and   smooth   if   i   blow   dry   it   straight   a   powerful   hair   dryer   that   is   not   heavy   and   is   quiet !   gets   my   hair   nice   and   smooth   if   i   blow   dry   it   straight .   also   love   that   it   came   with   a   diffuser   for   when   i   want   to   dry   my   hair   curly .
five   stars   excellent   product
multiple   drying   options   this   has   a   lot   of   different   drying   options   cool   to   high   heat   ,   although   it   only   goes   from   low   to   high   on   the   speed .   a   medium   speed   would   be   great   as   the   low   is   a   little   too   low .
portable   and   reliable   very   convenient   and   portable .   this   dryer   has   the   perfect   temperature   settings   and   is   long   lasting .
it   only   blows   cool   air   now   this   blow   dryer   stopped   heating   up   after   2   months .   it   only   blows   cool   air   now .
it   get   s   very   hot   already   but   i   ve   never   had   one   burn   out   like   other   brands   i   ve   been   using   this   little   powerhouse   since   2002   and   just   now   on   my   third   conair .   it   last   s   a   long   time   and   was   thankful   it   was   still   around   so   i   purchased   two   this   time .   just   make   sure   you   turn   the   air   intake   cap   counterclock   wise   to   clean   out   the   lint   that   s   caught   on   the   grate   or   it   becomes   to   hot .   it   get   s   very   hot   already   but   i   ve   never   had   one   burn   out   like   other   brands .
no   value   save   your   money ,   this   dryer   is   cheap   and   rightfully   so .   the   blower   is   not   very   powerful   and   the   new   method   of   covering   the   small   filter   on   the   back   of   the   fan   is   a   small   hinged   door   that   keeps   popping   open .   i   removed   the   small   filter   thinking   it   would   then   stay   shut   and   it   still   pops   open .   i   have   used   conair   for   years   and   always   been   happy ,   but   this   one   is   a   piece   of ...   ah   junk .
five   stars   great   item !
five   stars   it   is   amazing
four   stars   good ! !
five   stars   it   great .   i   like   it
five   stars   worked   well   in   turkey .
four   stars   muy   bueno
five   stars   purchased   for   my   friend .   she   states   it   works   well .
i   love   it   i   recommend   this   product   ,   it   s   hot ,   powerful   and   will   dry   your   hair   quickly .
five   stars   it   has   great   power   and   worked   great   on   our   travels   to   europe .
great   love   it
near   pearlfection   i   just   used   this   dryer   for   the   first   time   last   night   and   i   really   like   it .   i   have   long   thick   slightly   wavy   hair   that   falls   just   below   my   shoulders .   it   usually   takes   20   30   minutes   to   dry   with   a   regular   hair   dryer   and   a   paddle   brush   to   keep   it   straight   and   tame   the   frizzies .   the   remington   tstudio   pearl   cut   my   drying   time   in   half !   my   hair   did   indeed   dry   faster   and   came   out   smoother   looking   with   a   silky   shine .   to   top   it   off ,   i   barely   needed   to   use   my   paddle   brush   to   straighten   it   only   a   few   brush   strokes   here   and   there   to   keep   it   knot   free .   my   only   complaint   is   the   cord   could   be   a   little   longer .   i   have   to   plug   my   hair   dryer   up   above   my   head   next   to   the   light   fixture   of   our   medicine   cabinet   and   the   shorter   cord   makes   drying   my   hair   upside   down   for   added   volume   next   to   impossible .   other   than   that ,   i   m   pretty   satisfied   with   this   hair   dryer .
good   dryer   chord   works   fine ,   switches   loosen   up .   good   price .
great   product ,   thank   you   quick   delivery ,   great   product ,   thank   you ! !   br   br   easy   to   use ,   light   and   attractive .
great   dryer   for   the   price !   love   it !   what   a   great   price   and   it   works   great !   used   it   in   a   hotel   a   few   years   ago   and   when   my   current   drier   died   i   got   this   one !   even   if   this   one   doesn   t   last   long   i   will   probably   buy   it   again !   the   power   is   great !
four   stars   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do .
five   stars   i   love   it !
great   buy   ! !   this   hair   dryer   is   the   best   ! !   i   have   very   long   hair   and   it   dries   my   hair   in   minuets .   it   used   to   take   me   20   minuets   to   dry   my   hair .   now   with   this   great   dryer   it   only   takes   me   minuets .   this   saved   a   lot   of   time   in   the   morning .   i   can   dry   my   bangs   in   seconds .   they   come   out   perfect   every   time .
too   big   i   was   looking   for   something   to   travel   with ,   that   is   why   i   was   attracted   to   the   fold   down   and   retractable   cord .   i   tested   it   and   it   seemed   to   work   fine   but   it   s   too   big   for   travel ,   even   with   the   handle   folded .   the   price   was   good   so   i   may   keep   it   as   a   back   up   to   my   regular   hair   dryer   but   now   i   need   to   look   for   a   smaller   one   for   my   suitcase .
great   this   is   so   lightweight   but   ohh   so   powerful .   great   blower
a   little   wonky   to   hold   good   hair   dryer .   a   little   heavy .   my   only   real   difficulty   is   that   i   had   to   make   a   conscious   decision   about   how   to   hold   it   as   i   dried   my   hair .   there   is   not   much   space   between   the   2   sets   of   controls   for   a   good   grip   and   i   have   to   remember   not   to   grasp   it   up   high   in   the   angled   area   or   i   press   the   34   cool   34   setting   and   lose   my   heat .
five   stars   seems   of   good   heating   quality   but   only   used   once   so   far !   arrived   ahead   of   schedule   from   this   sender
does   the   job   fast   small   but   powerful . arms   dont   hurt   from   holding
five   stars   good .   hot !   be   careful .   turn   off   the   heat .... before   turn   off   the   fan   to   cool   it   down   before   storing .
five   stars   this   hair   dryer   is   just   what   i   need .
perfect   blow   dryer   for   home   and   the   road .   you   ll   only   need   one !   long   cord   that   easily   retracts   without   whipping   into   things   or   your   face .   perfect   for   travel ,   although   slightly   bigger   than   some   of   the   mini   blowdryers   it   stays   compact   because   of   the   retractably   cord   and   folding   handle ,   and   you   get   all   the   power   of   a   standard   blow   dryer   and   ionic   technology
five   stars   great   guest   room   gift
five   stars   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   as   my   old   hair   dryer .
great   for   travel .   perfect   for   international   travel .   works   perfectly
five   stars   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   had !
the   best   thing   is   don   t   understand   everyone   s   negative   reviews   about   this   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   my   old   dryer   took ,   it   is   no   louder   than   any   other   blow   dryer   i   ve   ever   used ,   the   controls   are   not   difficult   to   use   at   all   you   just   push   them   upwards ,   for   heavens   sake !   ,   and   the   retractable   cord   retracts   exactly   as   it   should .   the   best   thing   is ,   even   with   all   the   positive   things   about   the   dryer ,   it   didn   t   cost   an   arm   and   a   leg   like   some   i   looked   at .   34   sticker   34   shock   indeed .   i   love   it !
four   stars   nice
five   stars   great   product ,   quality   shipping
good   dryer !   product   is   works   as   described .   it   is   smaller   in   size   than   expected ,   but   that   is   a   good   thing .   all   heat   and   speed   settings   work .   would   recommend .
five   stars   great   hair   dryer ,   transaction   went   smooth .   would   order   again
five   stars   a   little   big   than   i   think   , but   just   ok
love   love   love   it   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair .   this   drys   my   hair   very   fast !   would   recommend   it
broke   after   4   uses   when   the   product   arrived   the   back   peice   was   open   but   i   popped   it   back   on .   it   works   good   to   dry   hair   like   in   the   salon .   however   after   about   4   uses ,   yes   four , 4 ,   it   started   smoking   from   the   back   and   never   came   back   on .   there   was   no   warranty   info   in   the   box .   ive   contacted   the   seller   so   i   guess   ill   see   what   happens .   its   been   basically   a   month   of   owning   this   crap   and   it   doesnt   work   anymore .   total   waste   of   my   money .   im   very   upset .
wow   i   ordered   my   turbo   on   9   10   14 .   received   it   on   9   13   14 .   was   super   excited .   the   blow   dryer   is   dope .   it   cuts   my   time   by   half .   couldn   t   be   happier .
five   stars   works   great !   a   fantastic   blow   dryer   for   the   price .
broke   after   two   years ,   company   wanted   me   to   write   them   a   check   for   double   what   i   paid   to   replace .   this   was   fine   until   it   s   2   year   birthday   and   then   it   only   blew   cold   air .   company   said   that   they   d   replace   it   for   114   i   paid   65   for   it .   i   will   never   buy   this   brand   again .
loved   the   hairdryer   but   it   quit   working   8   months   later !   i   too   bought   this   hair   dryer   in   november   2013   wanting   something   that   would   last   longer   but   it   quit   working   two   weeks   ago .   love   the   hairdryer   but   i   don   t   think   it   s   worth   the   money   if   it   doesn   t   last .
five   stars   it   good   with   the   cool   wind
satisfied   this   hair   dryer   definitely   can   do   the   work .   it   s   enough   for   me   who   has   short   hair .   i   can   dry   my   hair   within   3   mins .   hope   it   lasts   long .
five   stars   it   is   very   good   and   easy   to   use
love   it !   i   love   this !   i   have   average   hair   thickness .   i   love   this   drier .   it   s   small   and   light   and   easy   to   manipulate .   it   has   a   good   blow   strength .   its   my   second   one .   the   first   one   lasted   5   years ,   but   it   was   only   15.00 .   i   am   ok   with   that .   i   like   it   because   it   is   easy   to   hold   and   manipulate   in   different   directions   to   self   style .
four   stars   works   great .   little   bit   heavy
five   stars   works   great ,   quiet ,   lightweight
five   stars   great   product
works   well   for   us !   good ,   dependable ,   dries   hair   well ,   no   major   problems .   we   like   this   a   lot ... my   teenage   daughter   and   i   share   use .   we   both   have   thick   hair   and   hers   is   long ,   too .   the   retractable   cord   is   not   perfectly   smooth   it   does   not   quickly   zap   back ,   for   example   but   works   pretty   well .   the   speed   and   coolness   options   are   good ,   no   problems   with   those   switches   as   other   reviews   noted .   we   ve   owned   it   2   years   and   have   had   no   sparks ,   smells ,   etc .
well   made   for   professional   use ,   but   not   for   home   use   not   suitable   for   home   use .   too   heavy   and   switches   are   small .   though   it   is   durable .
five   stars   it   is   great .   it   came   to   my   home   with   no   damages   and   it   has   a   good   price
never   worked   right ... waste   of   money   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   in   may   and   ever   since   i   got   it ,   when   i   turn   it   on   it   runs   for   a   while   and   then   it   just   shuts   off   ,   i   have   to   wait   between   10   and   15   minutes   for   it   to   come   back   on .   i   would   really   like   an   exchange   and   i   have   not   figured   out   how   to   contct   you .   this   hair   dryer   is   still   under   warranty .   please   advise   me   what   i   am   supposed   to   do   as   this   was   a   pretty   expensive   hair   dryer   and   it   has   been   cutting   out   since   i   got   it .   i   could   not   find   a   way   to   reach   you .   hoping   someone   will   contact   me   soon .   thank   you
two   stars   drayer   failed   in   low   drying   position   after   weekend   of   normal   use   !   whatever   do   i   do .   next   thanks
five   stars   perfect !
disappointing   if   you   are   buying   this   hair   dryer   because   of   the   retractability   of   the   cord ... don   t !   it   worked   for   a   few   days   then   refused   to   completely   retract .   so   disappointing   as   i   have   a   very   small   bathroom   and   spacesaving   is   a   priority .   i   don   t   think   i   will   buy   conair   products   again .
love   having   it   on   the   wall !   so   far   this   works   great .   i   read   some   complaints   about   it   not   being   powerful   enough ,   but   that   s   to   be   expected   with   a   quiet   hair   dryer .   i   live   in   a   townhouse   so   i   would   prefer   a   quiet   one   over   a   powerful   one ,   so   it   works   great   for   me .   it   is   also   really   convenient   having   it   hang   on   the   wall .   hanging   it   up   was   a   little   annoying ,   primarily   because   a   screwdriver   that   uses   bits   is   too   wide   to   fit   in   the   holes ,   but   once   i   borrowed   a   regular   screwdriver   from   work   it   went   okay .   i   would   say   the   high   on   this   dryer   is   a   little   more   powerful   than   the   low   on   a   regular   one ,   but   it   still   only   takes   me   about   3   4   minutes   to   dry   my   waist   long   thin   hair .
four   stars   worth   the   money
five   stars   excellent   hairdryer   for   the   price
great   product   this   medium   size   dryer   is   great .   it   dries   my   medium   length   hair   so   fast   it   s   a   real   time   saver .   it   s   rather   quiet   compared   to   all   of   the   other   dryers   i   ve   owned .
stayed   at   a   hotel   that   had   this   specific   dryer .   ...   stayed   at   a   hotel   that   had   this   specific   dryer .   it   worked   so   well ,   i   ordered   it   from   amazon   before   i   even   returned   home   for   the   trip !
burnt   out   after   a   few   months   started   making   strange   noises   and   burnt   out   just   a   few   months   after   purchase   we   bought   it   in   april ,   it   s   now   september   .   pro   beauty   tools   offers   an   exchange   but   you   have   to   pay   to   ship   the   damaged   item   to   them   and   pay   a   return   shipping   handling   fee .   and   from   the   other   reviews   here   i   expect   another   one   would   likely   just   burn   out   again   in   a   few   months ...   would   have   been   nice   otherwise .
i   love   it !   i   used   this   dryer   for   the   first   time   yesterday   for   my   deep   conditioning   treatment   and   let   me   say ,   awesome !   it   distributes   heat   so   evenly   that   when   i   took   the   cap   off   the   conditioner   penetrated   really   well !   i   love   it !
and   while   it   dried   most   of   my   hair   in   pretty   decent   time   i   bought   this   to   use   on   vacation   in   europe ,   because   my   blow   dryer   is   too   powerful .   i   have   long   thick   hair ,   and   while   it   dried   most   of   my   hair   in   pretty   decent   time ,   i   don   t   even   want   to   think   about   how   long   it   would   have   taken   me   to   actually   blow   it   out   with   a   round   brush .   good   if   you   just   want   to   dry   it   off   so   you   can   flat   iron   it   or   curl   it ,   but   i   don   t   recommend   if   you   actually   want   to   style   it   using   the   blow   dryer .
great   travel   dryer   powerful   little   travel   dryer .   i   actually   used   this   in   england   as   well   as   on   my   us   vacations .
five   stars   perfect   product .   easy   to   install !
why   did   i   wait   so   long   you   ve   seen   them   in   hotels   for   years   and   you   wish   you   had   one   at   home .   now   i   do ! !
disappointing   purchase   i   purchased   this   dryer   to   replace   a   3   year   old   andis   dryer   that   stopped   working ,   and   this   one   feels   heavier ,   isn   t   as   easy   to   use ,   and   is   not   at   all   suitable   for   travel .   the   heat   and   blower   buttons   are   on   two   different   panels ,   which   some   may   like   for   the   different   possible   combinations   of   settings   but   which   i   find   difficult   to   adjust .   i   ll   keep   it   to   use   as   a   spare ,   but   it   s   particularly   disappointing   because   it   was   more   expensive   than   my   old   dryer .
great   blowdryer ,   works   as   good   as   any   i   ve   used   ...   great   blowdryer ,   works   as   good   as   any   i   ve   used   before .   looks   great .   lots   of   blow   dryers   are   tacky   and   come   in   ugly   colors .   and   also   really   heavy .   this   gets   as   hot   and   works   as   well   as   more   expensive ,   heavier   ones   i   ve   seen .   love   that   it   s   light   weight   and   solid   black .
it   s   a   great   dryer   and   is   drying   my   hair   faster   it   s   a   great   dryer   and   is   drying   my   hair   faster .   i   choose   2600   as   i   have   fine   hair   and   didn   t   feel   i   needed   the   3200 .   the   dryer   is   nice   and   quiet ,   but   is   a   bit   heavy   not   crazy   heavy .
awesome   dyer   i   love   it !   br   i   used   this   dryer   when   i   stayed   at   the   hyatt   and   decided   to   order   one   for   myself
three   stars   ok
three   stars   shiny   hair   less   frizz ...   same   drying   time .
five   stars   it   is   very   strong ,   but   little   heavy .
nice   hair   dryer   for   my   curls   like   the   color   and   the   brush .   never   use   the   combs   although   they   may   be   helpful ,   but   not   for   my   curly   hair .   wish   it   had   more   watts ,   but   overall ,   like   it   a   lot .
died   in   less   than   1   year   even   though   i   paid   more   for   this   dryer   than   others   i   ve   owned ,   it   died   suddenly   after   just   10   months   even   though   i   only   used   it   2   3   times   week .   when   it   did   work ,   the   long   cord   got   terribly   tangled   and   was   a   pain ,   so   be   sure   you   want   that   if   you   buy   this .   but   my   advice   is   to   buy   a   different   brand .   i   ve   bought   many   brands   of   hair   dryers   over   the   years   and   never   had   one   die   after   less   than   2   years   use !   theoretically   this   was   still   under   warranty ,   but   it   didn   t   seem   worth   the   hassle   to   replace   it   esp   as   i   didn   t   want   another   one   so   i   chalked   it   up   to   experience   and   bought   a   conair   for   less   .
perfect   for   everyday   use   and   travel !   i   have   been   using   this   hair   dryer   for   about   a   year   now .   no   problems   at   all .   it   has   traveled   across   the   country   3   times   and   has   never   let   me   down .   it   works   great   and   i   like   how   the   handle   folds   and   cord   retracts .   i   use   it   everyday !   i   have   no   complaints   with   this   hair   dryer   and   i   love   it !
andis   rc   2   ionic   1875w   hair   dryer   outstanding   hair   dryer .   i   love   the   retractable   cord   and   the   collapsible   neck   for   storage   purposes .
great   buy !   works   great
i   love   it   very   good   product
great   hairdryer !   great   hairdryer !   options   for   speeds   options   for   heat   settings   exactly   what   i   wanted .   and   quieter   than   my   last   one ,   which   was   a   bonus !   and   a   fun   red ,   sparkly   color   too !
this   dryer   is   the   perfect   combination   of   small   size   this   dryer   is   the   perfect   combination   of   small   size ,   power   and   quick   drying .   i   purchased   one   several   years   ago   and   when   it   finally   died   i   tried   to   replace   it   with   a   more   expensive   and   larger   one ,   but   wasn   t   as   happy   with   that   one   so   i   bought   another   one   of   these .   is   it   perfect   no ,   but   pretty   close .   i   haven   t   had   the   problems   that   others   have   had .   if   it   were   redesigned   i   would   suggest   making   the   switch   a   bit   easier   to   move   and   make   the   focus   attachment   stay   in   position   more   securely   it   spins   around   too   easily   .
five   stars   love   this   dryer .   good   delivery .
cheap   for   a   reason   this   is   probably   the   5th   revlon   hair   dryer   i   ve   purchased   in   the   last   5   years .   every   one   of   them   has   broken   within   a   year ,   and   of   course ,   i   can   never   find   the   receipt   when   i   need   it   for   the   warranty .   they   work   great   when   they   actually   do   work ,   but   be   prepared   for   it   to   only   last   about   a   year .   i   guess   you   get   what   you   pay   for .
but   the   lifespan   is   way   better .   this   blow   dryer   was   amazing   for   about   5   months .   then   it   died .   i   m   a   stylist   so   it   was   very   lightweight ,   which   is   important ,   and   it   got   through   the   toughest   hair .   until   the   day   it   died .   i   have   gone   back   to   using   my   twin   turbo   which   is   heavier ,   but   the   lifespan   is   way   better .
five   stars   the   hair   dryer   is   inexpensive   and   is   working   very   well .
five   stars   very   good
five   stars   works   great   for   me .   i   have   limited   space   and   really   like   how   the   cord   retracts .
volumizing   is   great   for   curly   hair   it   s   been   more   than   a   year   since   i   made   this   purchase   dropped   it   a   few   times   and   the   dryer   works   like   new .
five   stars   excellent .
that   s   probably   why   it   seemed   like   forever   waiting   but   i   have   no   regrets   i   ordered   this   product   and   it   took   10   days   before   i   received   it .   i   live   in   seattle   and   it   was   shipping   from   florida ,   that   s   probably   why   it   seemed   like   forever   waiting   but   i   have   no   regrets ... this   hooded   dryer   is   just   amazing ,   i   wonder   what   took   me   so   long !   my   husband   put   it   together   as   soon   as   i   received   and   he   did   it   so   fast   so   am   guessing   assembling   is   easy   i   was   not   there   when   he   did   it   ,   i   was   washing   my   hair   ready   to   try   it   out .   .   the   results   simply   beautiful   soft   hair   with   curls   from   my   rollers ... i   m   excited   at   finally   being   able   to   do   it   myself   and   achieving   salon   results .   you   can   move   it   around   the   house   and   you   don   t   need   a   special   chair .   i   used   the   middle ,   yellow   settings   and   it   dried   my   hair   okay .   the   dryer   is   really   quiet   unlike   some   that   are   so   loud .   i   would   highly   recommend   it .
five   stars   i   needed   a   blow   dryer   this   works   perfectly
it   will   be   fine !   haven   t   actually   used   this   yet ,   it   will   be   fine !
hope   this   one   lasts   another   12   years   i   don   t   ask   for   much   from   a   blow   dryer .   compact   size   and   reliability .   i   had   an   identical   model   branded   with   a   different   name   that   lasted   me   12   years .   after   approximately   4 , 300   uses   the   mechanical   switch   broke   so   i   needed   a   new   one .   can   t   beat   the   price .   btw ,   when   i   disassembled   my   old   one   to   see   if   i   could   fix   it   i   noticed   the   120   240   volt   34   switch   34   did   not   seem   to   be   connected   to   anything .
five   stars   love   it
great   product   works   great ! !
i   don   t   like   it   i   returned   it   and   it   was   somewhat   costly   as   i   had   to   pay   return   postage .
love   this   hairdryer   love   this   hairdryer .   had   another   one   i   bought   ten   years   ago   that   finally   gave   out .   immediately   purchased   this   and   hung   it   right   up .   gives   the   luxury   of   a   hotel   right   in   my   bathroom
love   my   new   hair   dryer   great   job !
i   love   it   was   everything   they   said   it   was   takes   up   very   little   space   and   does   the   job
i   love   it   works   perfect   works   wonders .  
i   was   mostly   happy   with   this   dryer   i   was   mostly   happy   with   this   dryer .   very   lightweight   and   quiet ,   great   heat ,   not   as   much   wind   and   i   can   wear   my   finer   hair   longer .   however ,   it   died   in   the   middle   of   drying   my   hair   for   work   this   am   and   it   s   nine   months   old .   i   ve   had   cheap   hair   dryers   last   for   years !   disappointed   and   now   have   to   start   over   in   search   of   a   good   dryer   for   my   hair   type .
it   s   okay   not   very   compact   for   a   travel   device .
great   power   for   size   small   did   not   think   was   gonna   be   so   small   but   overall   really   powerful   for   size
love   it !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   after   using   so   many   wall   hanging   dryers   while   traveling   when   i   saw   this   one   on   amazon   it   was   mine ! ! !   it   s   quieter   than   my   expensive   old   dryer .   i   plan   to   put   one   in   my   2   guest   bathrooms .   so   simply   to   hang   i   did   it   myself ! .   the   night   light   is   a   nice   feature .   i   ve   seen   some   reviews   that   says   the   light   is   too   bright .   it   s   not .   i   m   going   to   give   family   and   friends   this   hair   dryer   for   christmas   presents !   thanks   again   amazon   i   can   find   anything   here   and   i   love   my   prime   membership   my   husband   suggested .   he   has   his   own   prime   account !
i   love   it   love   it
five   stars   everything   was   great
four   stars   this   does   not   have   the   power   i   thought   it   would   have .   its   ok   though .
five   stars   amazing   product ! ! !   i   love   it
great   dryer .   fits   in   a   small   space   great   dryer .   fits   in   a   small   space .   very   convenient   to   use .
salon   quality   dryer   at   home   love   it !   very   good   quality   for   the   price   easy   to   assemble   the   temperature   levels   are   great   dries   quickly   silent   makes   no   loud   sounds   except   for   the   timer   button   when   ready   is   very   loud   .   over   all   a   great   dryer   to   have   at   home   with   salon   quality   .
this   is   just   like   the   one   i   have   this   is   just   like   the   one   i   have .   according   to   the   discription   in   the   ad   by   amazon ,   it   was   suppose   to   be   light   weight .   but   i   was   disappointed   when   it   arrived ,   because   it   weighed   more   it   was   discribed .
what   a   space   saver , when   packing   for   a   trip !   i   have   had   a   few   conair   hair   dryers ,   but   this   one   with   the   folding   handle   really   saves   space   in   my   bag !
five   stars   awesome   blow   dryer ,   and   flash   of   cold   heat ,   love   the   way   my   hair   feels   thanks   amazon ! ! !
highly   recommended   nothing   fancy ,   but   great   hair   dryer .   very   good   product   for   the   price .
i   also   found   this   price   to   be   amazing   compare   to   retail   i   read   other   reviews   that   said   this   herstyler   pro   tourmaline   hair   dryer   was   very   heavy ,   one   even   called   it   a   brick .   i   don   t   find   it   to   be   very   heavy .   it   did   have   a   strong   plastic   kind   of   smell ,   but   it   has   faded   away .   i   think   it   was   just   it   being   brand   new .   i   also   found   this   price   to   be   amazing   compare   to   retail .   have   noticed   my   hair   being   more   healthy .   i   stopped   using   this   4   in   1   oil   stuff   because   it   over   does   it .   it   sure   beats   my   old   revlon   blowout   hairdryer .   it   also   has   made   straightening   my   hair   easier   since   this   smooths   out   my   hair .
very   good   worth   the   money   to   own
great   dryer   i   made   a   great   lady   happy   with   the   hair   dryer .
good   deal   great   value   for   low   price .   it   s   not   too   loud   and   has   the   power   you   expect   from   an   1875   watt   dryer .
regret   this   purchase !   too   loud ! ! ! ! ! ! !   like   an   airplane   taking   off !
little   dynamo   i   love   this   little   dynamo .   i   bought   it   for   travel   and   when   my   home   dryer   broke   i   used   this   little   wonder .   it   works   better   and   faster   than   any   dryer   i   ve   ever   used .
five   stars   excellent
five   stars   excelente
i   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   bought   it   4   years   or   so   ago   and   just   recently   bought   another   one   because   i   am   living   between   2   cities   and   wanted   one   in   each   of   my   bathrooms .
love   it !   love   it ... only   have   one   problem ... bonnet   isn   t   large   enough .   for   most   people   it   would   work   great   but   i   use   very   large   rollers   and   the   fit   is   tight .. but   it   dries   so   fast   and   is   very   compact ... great   for   traveling .
love   it ! ! ! !   this   hair   dryer   has   been   amazing .   i   have   very   curly   hair   that   is   sensitive   to   heat   and   i   found   that   this   hair   dryer   does   not   dry   my   hair   out .   i   am   a   sceptic   at   heart   and   have   been   disappointed   by   many   dryers   but   i   have   to   confess   than   after   a   few   months   of   use   it   has   improved   my   hair .   i   do   find   that   my   curls   are   less   frizzy   and   do   not   tend   to   dry   out   as   much   thoughtout   the   day .   i   have   never   found   drying   my   hair   an   enjoyable   experience   until   now .   this   dryer   is   not   cheap   but   not   the   most   expensive   either   and   well   worth   the   price .   i   will   be   buying   the   flat   iron   in   the   future !
four   stars   works   as   advertised .
great   price ,   cheaply   made !   great   price   of   course   but   my   wife   had   one   of   these   for   8   years   and   it   finally   went   craps .   this   was   its   replacment   and   i   will   say   it   s   pretty   cheaply   made .   hoping   it   will   last   as   long   as   the   other .
five   stars   works   great ,   very   compact .
love   this   hair   dryer   love   this   hair   dryer .   heats   up   nicely .   light   weight   can   sit   anywhere   comfortably .   works   like   a   charm .   i   definitely   recommend   this   particular   hair   dryer   to   any   one .   the   bonnet   is   very   large ,   durable   and   adjustable .   will   probably   never   purchase   the   hard   hair   dryer   again .   it   has   a .   compartment   for   the   bonnet   and   the   power   cord .   real   easy   to   use .
five   stars   excellent   product .   very   compact .
almost   toy   like .   decided   to   stick   it   in   the   cabinet   for   ...   tiny ,   almost   toy   like .   decided   to   stick   it   in   the   cabinet   for   an   emergency   backup .
don   t   buy   unless   you   want   to   burn   up   your   hair   or   home   bad   product   started   a   fire   throw   yours   away
compact   and   powerful .   just   what   i   was   looking   for   ...   compact   and   powerful .   just   what   i   was   looking   for .
i   love   it ,   after   using   it   my   hair   is   silky   ...   i   love   it ,   after   using   it   my   hair   is   silky   as   if   i   use   flat   iron   it .   it   really   straighten   my   hair   out ! ! !
my   mother   used   this   in   a   hilton   and   loved   it   so   she   came   home   and   asked   me   to   ...   my   mother   used   this   in   a   hilton   and   loved   it   so   she   came   home   and   asked   me   to   purchase   it   for   her .   small   and   convenient !
four   stars   great   for   traveling .
love   it   dog   hates   it   but   it   works   great   plus   it   s   cute
five   stars   great   for   travel .
four   stars   i   receive   it   well   thanks
in   love   i   loveeeeeeeeee   it
easy   access   makes   drying   hair   a   snap   also   added   dryers   ...   mounted   in   master   bath ,   easy   access   makes   drying   hair   a   snap   also   added   dryers   in   guest   bathrooms .
great   blowdryer   for   4   weeks !   can   t   tell   you   how   much   loved   this   dryer ... for   2   weeks .   the   first   one   i   bought   burnt   out   on   me   in   less   than   a   week .. shipped   it   back   and   gave   it   another   try .   i   ve   not   had   my   replacement   one   for   5   weeks   and   now   the   cool   button   is   stuck .   sending   this   one   back   too .. don   t   buy ! ! ! !
five   stars   best   little   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned
five   stars   great   product !   i   love   it !
five   stars   great   for   my   small   hands .   love   it
works   well   and   folds   nicely   this   hair   dryer   is   fast ,   it   folds   down   well   my   only   beef   is   that   is   sometimes   sticks   and   the   cord   soesnt   retract   all   teh   way .   but   only   by   about   an   inch   or   2   not   a   huge   deal !
t3   featherweight   journey   travel   hair   dryer   i   highly   recommend   this   product   because   it   does   br   work   great .
five   stars   i   am   very   happy   with   the   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   night   light   is   also   very   nice
great   little   dryer   for   africa   great   little   dryer   for   africa !
it   was   great   until   it   wasn   t .   i   live   at   altitude   in   colorado ,   and   hair   dryers   can   feel   rather   weak   because   there   is   less   air   to   push   through .   this   dryer   is   shaped   for   optimal   delivery   of   air ,   and   the   airflow   volume   feels   as   powerful   at   altitude   as   most   similarly   priced   consumer   hair   dryers   at   sea   level .   the   retractable   cord   works   well   and   makes   the   dryer   packable   for   travel .   i   ve   been   happy   with   this   dryer   for   9   months   until   today .   i   m   reducing   the   rating   by   2   stars   because   the   power   switch   failed   and   the   only   way   to   turn   off   the   dryer   is   to   unplug   it .   could   be   worse ,   at   least   it   still   runs !
five   stars   great   convenience   and   space   saver .
five   stars   perfect !
five   stars   has   everything   i   need .   it   does   just   what   it   says . now   that   s   what   i   call   34   spending   your   money   wisely   34  
...   for   nearly   2   months   now   and   it   works   just   fine .   good   price   for   the   quality   and   brand   i   ve   had   it   for   nearly   2   months   now   and   it   works   just   fine .   good   price   for   the   quality   and   brand !
just   what   i   needed   great   for   personal   use   and   for   one   person   using   daily .   it   s   got   a   more   quiet   engine   but   still   dries   fast   and   i   love   the   retractable   cord .   i   recommend   dryers   like   this   though   for   households   where   it   is   only   being   used   once   or   twice   daily ,   because   the   engines   aren   t   super   powerful   for   professional   use   and   the   retractable   cord   does   have   a   shelf   life .   of   course   i   ve   had   my   dryer   for   months   now   and   it   s   all   working   great   still ,   but   if   you   have   daughters   or   someone   sharing   it   and   they   aren   t   careful   when   using   it ,   or   just   using   it   too   much ,   it   will   break   eventually .   also   great   tip   for   using   the   retractable   cord   always   pull   the   cord   down   at   a   casual   pace ,   don   t   just   yank   it .   also ,   when   pressing   the   button   for   it   to   go   back   in ,   what   i   do   is   grab   the   plugin   and   hold   it   really   close   to   wear   the   retractable   entry   is   and   then   hold   down   the   button .   it   keeps   from   the   plugin   slapping   everything   in   the   area .
the   best   this   is   the   best ,   fastest   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used .   unbelievable .   used   it   in   a   marriott   a   month   ago ,   ordered   on   line   and   i   m   thrilled .   no   comparison   to   any   other   hand   hair   dryer .
five   stars   works   great .   no   complaints
one   star   it   does   not   give   enough   power   using   the   220v
ok   but   has   it   s   drawbacks   bought   this   because   i   wanted   a   retracting   cord ,   and   so   many   reviews   raved   about   the   dryer   itself .   after   using   it   for   a   few   weeks ,   i   can   say   the   drier   is   fine   but   br   1   3   speeds   with   1   temp   each   you   can   t   go   medium   heat ,   high   speed ,   for   example   it   s   low   low ,   med   med ,   or   high   high   br   2   the   cord   doesn   t   fully   retract ,   even   with   some   jiggling .   it   retracts   enough   for   my   purposes   i   leave   it   plugged   in   under   my   sink ,   and   drop   the   unit   in   a   basket   br   3   it   s   kind   of   noisy ,   but   does   dry   hair   fast   so   overall   exposure   is   probably   less
don   t   buy   do   not   buy   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   it   since   may   2014   and   it   stops   working   after   a   few   minutes   and   will   not   turn   back   on .   conair   wants   me   to   ship   it   to   arizona   at   my   expense   and   send   them   7.00   to   ship   it   back .   since   i   paid   about   20.00   for   the   hair   dryer   it   is   not   worth   it   to   replace   it   when   i   can   buy   another   brand .
very   good   air   flow   and   nice   having   separate   control   of   heat   ...   very   good   air   flow   and   nice   having   separate   control   of   heat   and   fan   speed .   a   little   large   and   a   little   heavy   compared   to   others   i   have   had .
five   stars   great   product
quiet   hairdryer   no   way   !   having   purchased   a   similar   product   some   years   ago ,   that   i   was   happy   with ,   i   re   ordered   this   product .   it   is   an   updated   version   of   my   earlier   order .   what   a   difference .   this   dryer   is   very   noisy   and   i   would   not   recommend   it .   i   was   disappointed   and   returned   the   product .
just   amazing !   easy   set   up   just   amazing !   easy   set   up , , and   it   is   just   absolutely   just   amazing   it   gets   very   hot   three   seting .   and   its   quite   .   i   was   using   it   one   day   and   my   husband   came   in   from   work   and   said   34   why   are   you   just   sitting   under   that   aren   t   you   goning   to   turn   it   on   34  
light   as   a   feather   but   a   real   work   horse .   great   hairdryer   it   is   so   light   and   works   so   well .   this   is   my   second   one   the   first   one   quit   working   because   i   wrapped   the   cord   around   the   dryer   and   broke   the   wires   at   the   end   that   goes   into   the   dryer .   my   own   fault   and   i   am   being   very   careful   not   to   make   the   same   mistake   again .   lost   without   it   while   i   waited   to   get   the   replacement .   great   settings   for   low   and   high   heat   and   slow   and   fast   speeds   plus   the   cool   button .   you   really   can   t   go   wrong   with   this   hair   dryer .   i   am   now   on   my   third   dryer   and   the   same   thing   happened   to   this   one   the   cord   broke   just   past   the   reinforced   cord   portion .   i   will   continue   to   purchase   this   hair   dryer   because   of   all   of   the   other   features   because   it   is   so   light   weight   and   the   heat   and   drying   speed   controls .   just   wish   the   cord   would   stop   breaking .   i   was   care   not   to   twist   it   around   the   dryer   this   time   but   it   still   broke .
i   am   happy   with   the   andis   30975   hd   10l   i   am   happy   with   the   andis   30975   hd   10l .   the   night   light   is   very   bright   but   i   close   the   door   to   the   bathroom   and   it   doesn   t   bother   us   when   we   are   sleeping .
four   stars   works   well ,   base   is   a   little   large   compared   to   others   i   ve   had .   can   t   beat   the   cost .
i   have   never   rated   this   product   by   given   it   a   ...   i   have   never   rated   this   product   by   given   it   a   5   star   and   i   have   never   wrote   a   review   for   this   product !   br   thank   you ,   br   ms .   marlene   farrell   trent
two   stars   it   looks   like   it   wasn   t   original
good   but   not   great   i   bought   this   hairdryer   for   an   upcoming   trip   and   wanted   something   compact   yet   efficient .   after   several   uses ,   the   cord   stopped   retracting   all   the   way ,   and   instead ,   only   goes   in   about   2   3   of   the   total   length .   i   expected   this   to   happen   eventually   although   i   was   hoping   that   it   would   be   later   rather   than   sooner .   so   now   i   have   a   hairdryer   that   still   folds   but   only   retracts   most   of   the   cord ,   leaving   about   1   3   hanging   out .   other   than   the   cord   retraction   issue ,   it   is   a   great   hairdryer .
great   buy .   it   was   exactly   what   i   thought   it   would   be .   it   is   tremendously   quiet   and   dries   on   a   34   medium   34   setting ,   the   highest   temperature   option   is   too   hot .   when   you   sit   to   dry   your   hair ,   an   office   chair   won   t   do .   you   must   use   a   simple   chair   not   too   elaborate   not   to   interfere   with   the   foot   of   the   stand .   i   am   happy   with   it .
and   the   worst   that   happened   was   a   burn   hole   in   the   hotel   ...   i   ordered   this   hair   dryer   to   use   for   travel .   the   first   time   i   used   it ,   it   caught   on   fire !   the   manufacturer   reluctantly   exchanged   it   for   a   new   hair   dryer   because   it   was   after   the   return   parameters .   really   it   caught   on   fire !   the   replacement   went   on   a   trip   to   europe   with   me   and   the   very   first   time   i   attempted   to   use   it ,   it   again   caught   on   fire !   i   m   lucky   it   didn   t   catch   my   hair   on   fire ... and   the   worst   that   happened   was   a   burn   hole   in   the   hotel   towel !   very   scary .   do   not   buy   this   product !
i   like   the   hair   dryer   it   dries   my   hair   pretty   quickly   ...   i   like   the   hair   dryer   it   dries   my   hair   pretty   quickly   but   never   burns .   the   concentrator   works   well   which   is   very   important   to   me   as   this   attachment   is   the   key   to   straight   and   smooth   hair .   the   only   negative   is   the   placement   of   the   control   buttons .   the   on   off   button   and   temperate   button   are   in   opposite   order   of   all   my   previous   hair   dryers   so   it   takes   getting   use   to .
quiet   but   powerful   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   one   month   now   and   it   is   performing   beautifully .   it   dries   my   hair   faster   than   my   other   dryer   and   it   is   much   quieter   even   though   they   both   have   1875   watts   of   power .   only   con   is   its   length .   just   a   little   too   long   to   fit   in   my   overnight   carrier .   otherwise   i   would   rate   it   with   5   stars .
i   absolutely   love   the   settings   on   this   thing   i   absolutely   love   the   settings   on   this   thing .   very   adjustable   and   not   as   noisy   as   expected .   on   top   of   that   it   has   a   very   beautiful   color ,   and   it   also   has   heat   settings   for   those   days   that   you   don   t   feel   like   damaging   your   hair .   very   good !
four   stars   great   product   for   the   price
works   very   well   i   use   this   dryer   to   help   speed   along   my   paintings .   it   works   well   for   that   purpose .   i   like   the   compact   size ,   it   is   easy   to   store   with   my   art   supplies .
favorite   hair   dryer   i   think   i   m   on   my   third   one   of   these .   i   keep   buying   the   same   one   because   it   fits   my   hand   perfectly   and   the   buttons   are   placed   such   that   it   s   very   easy   for   me   to   adjust   them   while   drying .   it   s   also   light .   dries   fast ,   but   as   far   as   the   34   shine   boosting   34   no   dryer   does   that ,   you   ve   got   to   use   the   right   hair   products .   for   this   price ,   don   t   expect   it   to   last   a   lifetime .   i   get   about   three   years   out   of   it .   if   you   want   a   dryer   that   lasts   forever ,   i   guess   you   can   spend   upwards   of   150   200   for   a   professional   one   like   my   hair   dresser   but   it   s   not   worth   it   as   far   as   i   m   concerned .
five   stars   great  
is   this   normal   has   anybody   else   had   problem   with   the   temperature   the   temperature   fluctuates   from   hot   to   warm   or   kind   of   cool   all   by   itself .   i   feel   like   i   have   to   wait   for   the   temperature   to   get   warmer   and   hope   it   stays   that   way   for   a   while .   is   this   normal   it   can   get   frustrating !   it   has   done   this   since   i   first   bought   the   blow   dryer .   i   m   just   wondering   if   that   is   what   it   s   suppose   to   do .   please   get   back   with   me !   thank   you .
shop   no   more   the   best   40   br   i   ever   spent  
five   stars   satisfied
good   dryer   really   nice   hair   dryer .   i   love   the   cold   setting   and   it   is   not   a   puny   amount   of   air !   does   a   nice   job   and   is   easy   to   use .   not   too   clunky   or   loud .   i   like   it .
four   stars   great   product ,   top   a   little   bulky   but   works   really   well .
but   the   main   reason   i   didn   t   like   it   was   because   it   wasn   t   hot   enough   this   was   my   first   small   dyer !   it   was   uncomfortable   to   hold ,   but   the   main   reason   i   didn   t   like   it   was   because   it   wasn   t   hot   enough .   it   also   made   my   hair   look   flat   and   limp .
five   stars   dries   your   hair   really   fast !
perfect   size   and   great   performance .   perfect   size   and   great   performance .   be   sure   and   mount   to   wall   with   screws .   i   tried   supplied   sticky   tape   first   and   it   fell   off   the   wall   within   3   days
waste   of   money   no   dryer   for   my   trip ! ! ! !   burned   out   the   first   time   i   used   it   with   220   voltage !   worse   than   wasting   my   money ,   i   was   without   a   hair   dryer   diffuser   for   my   entire   3   week   trip .   i   was   furious   because   the   reason   i   bought   it   to   begin   with   was   that   i   needed   it   to   dry   and   style   my   curly   hair !   it   was   beyond   the   30   day   return   window ,   so   it   was   a   total   waste   of   50   ! !
five   stars   love   my   hair   with   this   new   dryer ! ! !
awesome   product   for   diaper   changing   station   we   use   this   to   dry   off   baby   butt   when   doing   a   diaper   change .   i   mounted   it   right   next   to   the   changing   table ,   and   it   is   flawless .   easy   to   install ,   has   it   s   own   night   light ,   and   will   even   flip   the   switch   to   the   off   position   when   you   re   holster   it   when   its   on !   great   product !
tiny   and   light ,   just   right   for   carryon   air   travel   ...   tiny   and   light ,   just   right   for   carryon   air   travel .   this   is   my   second   one   first   one   lasted   for   several   years   with   daily   use .   can   t   live   without   it .
i   love   it .   love   the   retractable   cord   i   love   it .   love   the   retractable   cord .   my   husband   says   it   s   too   loud   when   he   s   still   asleep   in   the   next   room ,   so   i   took   away   one   star .
good   product .   i   ve   used   it   for   a   long   time   good   product .   i   ve   used   it   for   a   long   time .
do   not   buy   from   maitri   mega   mall   i   received   the   item   in   time ,   however ,   it   is   defective   the   hot   air   does   not   work ,   only   blows   cold   air .   i   have   to   return   it   and   buy   another   one .   very   disappointed !   do   not   buy   from   maitri   mega   mall .
lightweight   and   dries   quickly   the   hair   dryer   is   lightweight   and   dries   my   hair   quicker   than   my   old   one .   the   price   was   very   reasonable .   overall   i   am   pleased   with   the   performance   although   i   have   only   had   it   for   about   six   weeks .   its   durability   remains   a   question .
the   best   for   all   hair   types .   i   have   natural   4c   hair .   my   hair   is   very   thick   and   coarse .   this   dryer   is   the   best   ever .   it   straightens   my   hair   quickly   and   very   nicely .   you   cannot   go   wrong   with   this   dryer .   i   love   it .
great   for   the   price .   had   some   early   technical   problems .   could   be   hazardous   great   for   its   price .   there   s   no   heat   setting ,   but   it   gets   the   job   done .   br   br   however ,   i   had   some   technical   issues   in   the   beginning .   br   some   metal   shavings   blew   out   when   i   first   used   it .   i   was   scared   to   use   it   again   b   c   i   didn   t   want   it   getting   in   my   eyes .   but   afterwards ,   it   hasn   t   been   a   problem .
pretty   cheap ,   but   effective   dries   hair .   pretty   cheap ,   but   effective .
turbo   power   3200   great   hair   dryer   i   hate   having   to   buy   a   new   hair   dryer .   after   reading   all   the   reviews   and   finding   this   in   amazon   warehouse   i   m   thrilled   with   the   turbo   power   3200   wish   it   was   pink   but   oh   well .
i   love   love   love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   love   love   this   hair   dryer ....   i   m   usually   not   a   fan   if   conair   products   but   being   a   professional   cosmetologist   i   love   it ....   my   last   silver   bird   was   killed   in   a   flood   but   my   new   one   is   in   route ....   this   dryer   cuts   my   drying   time   in   half   and   gets   my   curliest   natural   haired   clients   straight   with   no   damage ...   their   hair   always   turned   it   shiny   and   smooth   that   it   amazed   me   and   every   client   every   time ...   i   recommend   this   dryer   to   all   who   ask
four   stars   wonderful   hair   dryer   ....   very   utilitarian   ...   easy   to   transport   ....   a   great   idea
it   works   just   as   good .   i   have   no   regrets   replaced   my   old   20   years   old   oster   with   new   one .   it   works   just   as   good .   i   have   no   br   regrets .   great   product
three   stars   good   for   about   6   months ,   then   burn   out .
great   light   weight   hairdryer   great   hairdryer !   used   one   for   several   days   in   a   hotel   in   canada   and   liked   it   so   much   i   ordered   it   when   i   got   home .   sort   of   rubberized   handle   makes   it   non   slip ,   has   2   speeds   for   both   heat   and   air   flow ,   very   lightweight   so   my   arm   does   not   get   as   tired ,   not   as   loud   as   so   many   others   are ,   does   a   great   job .
...   for   a   couple   of   years   and   the   plug   went   bad ,   so   i   tried   replacing   it   with   several   different   ...   i   had   this   hair   dryer   for   a   couple   of   years   and   the   plug   went   bad ,   so   i   tried   replacing   it   with   several   different   brands .   i   ended   up   returning   every   one   i   bought   and   then   decided   to   look   at   amazon   to   see   if   it   was   even   possible   to   buy   the   same   model   again .   i   was   thrilled   to   find   it   and   immediately   bought   it .   for   whatever   reason   the   air   does   not   get   as   hot   as   the   original   and   the   low   setting   is   a   little   bit   strong   for   a   low   setting .   compared   to   the   numerous   brands   i   just   tried   this   was   still   my   favorite   and   am   happy   to   have   it !
one   star   broke   after   two   months .   heat   function   no   longer   functions .
five   stars   great   product   and   fast   shipping !
best   wall   mounted   unit   on   the   market   right   after   i   first   encountered   one   of   these   units   over   15   years   ago   in   a   california   motel ,   i   have   bought   and   installed   them   in   all   three   of   our   bathrooms .   i   have   used   competitive   designs   in   other   motels ,   but   find   that   this   one   is   still   the   best ,   and   is   reasonably   durable .   based   on   my   experience ,   i   would   guess   that   a   unit   is   good   for   about   3 , 000   uses ,   at   a   cost   therefore   of   about   1   cent   per   use   not   counting   the   cost   of   electricity   .   in   addition   to   high   and   low   fan   settings ,   it   also   has   two   power   heat   settings   1200   watts   and   1500   watts   i   prefer   the   higher   one .   the   unit   is   shipped   with   the   1200   watt   setting .   in   order   to   set   it   to   1500   watts ,   you   must   pry   off   the   air   intake   cover   to   get   to   the   hidden   switch .   you   can   also   hide   almost   any   length   of   excess   power   cord   in   the   raceway   on   the   back   of   the   unit .   you   may   need   to   experiment   some   and   use   some   sharp   u   turns   to   get   the   length   just   right   for   your   situation .   you   should   also   pry   off   the   air   intake   cover   and   vacuum   out   the   air   intake   grill   at   least   once   each   month   to   maintain   good   air   flow ,   and   to   avoid   tripping   the   overheat   thermal   protector .   i   use   the   little   lever   on   a   fingernail   clipper   as   a   pry   rod .   it   fits   just   right   into   the   pry   notch .   i   too   liked   the   smaller   and   utilitarian   design   of   the   older   model ,   but   understand   that   most   buyers   prefer   the   ergonomic   look   of   the   new   unit .   when   you   stored   the   older   unit   into   a   mechanical   clip ,   it   gave   you   an   audible   click   to   let   you   know   that   it   was   firmly   in   the   newer   model   uses   a   magnetic   mount .   you   don   t   have   to   jam   it   in ,   but   you   do   need   to   make   sure   the   magnet   has   taken   hold   before   you   pull   away   your   hand .
love   this   little   dryer   love   this   little   dryer .   i   want   one   for   my   bathroom .   using   in   my   daughters   bathroom   but   do   plan   to   travel   with   it .
five   stars   good
died   within   minutes   please   do   not   waste   your   money   like   i   did .   it   lasted   me   exactly   3   minutes .   first   it   heated   up   and   turned   off   automatically   within   a   minute   or   so .   i   restarted   it ,   but   it   immediately   turned   off   again   and   this   time   for   good .   i   tried   to   return   it   for   a   refund ,   but   the   status   kept   reading   we   are   waiting   for   your   return   or   something   similar .   it   is   not   the   end   of   the   world ,   but   i   certainly   am   a   very   unhappy   customer .
i   got   this   to   replace   one   just   like   it ,   because   i   love   the   hair   dryer   i   got   this   to   replace   one   just   like   it ,   because   i   love   the   hair   dryer .   the   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   it   5   stars   is   that   the   first   one   i   had   only   lasted   about   2   years   and   i   feel   like   it   should   have   lasted   longer .   maybe   this   one   will .
quick   dry ,   accurate   settings   purchased   for   fast   and   efficient   drying   capability .
five   stars   bought   it   as   a   gift .   she   loves   it .
five   stars   got   it   fast   and   have   enjoyed   it
five   stars   fast   shipping   from   japan   excellent   for   my   fine   asian   hair !
it   works   works   great
andis   professional   bonnet   dryer   dryer   broke   during   first   use   between   the   base   and   the   dryer   itself ..   it   cracked   it   still   worked   and   dried   my   hair   well   however   it   is   made   very   cheaply   with   cheap   plastic ! !  
good   value   but   not   tons   of   heat   works   as   described   but   not   the   strongest   dryer   we   have   had .   good   for   the   money   but   don   t   expect   tons   of   heat .
blew   up   with   in   4   months   i   bought   it   in   may   and   it   blew   up   in   august .   it   was   used   gently   on   shoulder   length   hair   for   short   period   of   time .   up   until   the   point   when   it   stopped   working   it   was   a   really   good   hair   dryer .   relatively   quiet ,   high   velocity ,   and   effective .
so   far   so   good .   light   weight   for   my   87   yr   old   mom   ...   so   far   so   good .   light   weight   for   my   87   yr   old   mom   to   hold .   just   hope   it   holds   up .
good   product   the   product   arrived   and   it   is   fine   we   replaced   an   old   one   that   broke   when   it   was   dropped .   we   like   the   new   unit   fine .
this   looks   nice   and   is   very   convenient   this   looks   nice   and   is   very   convenient .   i   especially   like   the   little   hook   for   hanging   the   cord   up   out   of   the   way .   has   a   lot   of   power   for   a   little   dryer   and   looks   very   nice   and   compact   in   my   bathroom .   i   would   recommend   this   product .
best   hair   dryer   ever   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   i   can   dry   and   style   it   in   half   the   time   my   old   dryer   took !
the   attachments   are   great   and   the   frizz   is   gone   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time .   the   attachments   are   great   and   the   frizz   is   gone !
five   stars   perfect   size   and   power !
five   stars   very   good   for   my   hear , make   shaun ! !
one   star   causes   circulate   every   time !
it   does   the   job ...   funny ,   when   you   read   a   review ,   you   might   think ...   34   this   is   the   perfect   dryer   what   i   ve   always   been   wanting .   34   well ,   i   m   starting   to   think   there   s   no   significant   difference   between   them .   i   ve   tried   several   blow   driers   in   a   reasonable   price   range   and   am   starting   to   think   that   i   need   to   invest   in   a   pricier   one .   this   one   does   the   job ,   is   relatively   strong   and   is   not   overly   large .   my   hair   is   moderately   long   and   straight .   but ... it   seems   often   frizzy   and   unkept   after   drying ,   especially   at   the   roots .   i   often   have   to   use   some   product   afterwards   to   reduce   frizziness .   br   overall ,   this   dryer   does   the   job   and   is   a   fair   value ,   just   not   sure   it   s   the   one   for   me .
make   you   hair   perfect !   amazing   you   can   feel   the   change ,   make   you   hair   perfect !
...   the   light   would   be   a   negative   but   it   works   great   as   a   night   like   when   we   have   to   get   ...   at   first   i   thought   that   the   light   would   be   a   negative   but   it   works   great   as   a   night   like   when   we   have   to   get   up   at   night .   and   the   dryer   has   more   power   than   my   old   one   so   it   doesn   t   take   as   long   to   dry   my   hair .   thank   you   for   your   prompt   service .
this   is   a   great   product   and   having   it   hang   on   the   wall   frees   ...   this   is   a   great   product   and   having   it   hang   on   the   wall   frees   up   counter   space   and   not   more   tangled   cords !
1   year   was   not   long   enough   december   2015   review   br   well ,   despite   what   i   wrote   earlier ,   this   blow   dryer   did   not   last   as   long   as   i   d   hoped   it   would .   although   i   liked   it   when   it   worked ,   the   handle   became   extremely   hot   while   holding   it   longer   than   a   minute .   and   then   yesterday   when   i   turned   it   on ,   it   sounded   like   it   was   going   to   explode .   i   really   wanted   this   to   last   so   much   longer .   guess   it   s   going   in   the   electronic   recycling   bin .   br   br   sept   2015   review   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   a   year   now   and   it   s   held   up   amazingly !   the   attachment   i   use   is   still   attached   and   works   great ,   and   has   never   fallen   off .   br   my   only   concern   after   a   year   is   the   handle   gets   extremely   hot   now   and   i   have   to   set   it   down   after   a   few   minutes .   i   have   thick ,   wavy   hair   so   it   takes   a   little   time   to   dry .   also ,   the   handle   where   my   thumb   holds   the   dryer   is   starting   the   wear   and   there   s   a   worn   section .   i   m   still   using   this   dryer ,   despite   the   handle   getting   over   heated .   br   br   aug   2014   review   great   dryer ,   good   price ,   good   overall !   nice   long   cord ,   drys   much   faster   than   my   last   2   dryers .   i   love   all   the   attachments   and   the   fact   they   don   t   fall   off   when   you   use   them .   i   have   very   wavy   hair   and   using   a   large   round   boar   brush   and   now   much   easier   to   straighten .   don   t   rely   on   all   the   reviews   of   34   too   heavy   34   ,   34   buttons   wrong   location   34   ,   34   too   loud   34   ,   etc ...   purchase   and   use ,   judge   for   yourself .   you   do   have   30   days   to   return ,   although   i   will   not   be   returning   mine .
five   stars   great
four   stars   i   being   using   the   same   blow   dryer   for   8   years   n   i   lake   it .
three   stars   loved   this   hair   dryer ,   but   just   after   a   year   of   use ,   it   just   stopped   working .   was   really   bummed !
birthday   present   i   bought   this   dryer   for   my   wife   n   she   loves   it ... she   said   it   s   not   heavy   at   all   n   it   s   really   powerful .   not   much   for   me   to   say   since   i   don   t   use   it   ... lol ..
worst   hairdryer   ever   i   know   this   is   supposed   to   be   the   best   hair   dryer   ever ,   but   it   s   not .   maybe   i   got   a   lemon ,   but   mine   has   never   worked   very   well .   it   takes   forever   to   dry   my   hair .   and   yes ,   i   do   clean   the   filter   regularly .   when   friends   stay   over   and   borrow   it ,   they   always   comment   on   how   horrible   it   is .   i   look   forward   to   traveling   so   i   can   use   those   crappy   little   hotel   hair   dryers   attached   to   the   wall ,   because   they   work   better   than   this   one .   i   don   t   normally   write   negative   reviews ,   but   i   can   t   recommend   strongly   enough   not   to   buy   this   product .   do   yourself   a   favor   and   spend   20   on   a   conair   model ,   and   you   will   be   much   much   happier .   don   t   fall   for   the   hype   like   i   did !
a   great   buy   i   had   to   have   one   for   my   natural   hair   style ,   and   it   doesn   t   disappoint
great   price ,   hair   looks   good !   works   just   great !   price   is   right ,   dries   fast ,   i   really   like   it .
don   t   listen   to   the   haters   i   read   the   reviews   that   say   it   gets   too   hot .   ever   heard   of   thermal   protectant   as   a   professional ,   this   is   one   of   the   few   dryers   that   gets   hot   enough   to   deliver   truly   professional   results .   you   could   also   just   turn   it   down .
five   stars   geat
junk   don   t   waste   your   money   this   product   quit   almost   out   of   the   box ,   returned   it   to   amazon ,   the   replacement   has   been   working   fine .   04   16   2015   i   spoke   too   soon ,   this   one   is   just   like   the   one   before   it ,   fan   exploded   in   a   dozen   pieces .   about   3   months   out   of   warranty .   i   ve   had   it   with   this   model   and   manufacturer .
she   enjoy   my   wife   does   hair .. she   enjoy   this
five   stars   every   use   and   home
five   stars   i   love   this   hairdryer .   it   is   nice   and   quiet   and   easy   to   handle .   so   far   so   good !
five   stars   the   most   powerful   hair   dryer   which   i   have   ever   used .
but   it   is   great   for   drying   it   is   a   little   heavy ,   but   it   is   great   for   drying !   all   of   my   stylists   use   these !
good   product .   i   actually   ordered   this   for   my   sister .   she   lives   in   the   houston   area   and   has   very   thick ,   frizzy   hair   and   all   the   hair   dryers   we   tried   locally   really   just   didn   t   do   the   trick .   this   dryer   is   hot   but   not   to   hot   and   blows   very   strongly   and   allows   her   to   dry   her   hair   quickly   before   she   gets   too   hot   herself .   good   product .
small ,   simple ,   does   the   job .   most   people   would   call   this   a   travel   hair   dryer .   i   don   t   travel ,   but   i   have   short   arms   and   don   t   like   most   hair   dryers   that   have   a   long   nozzle   on   the   front .   when   my   last   dryer   died ,   i   couldn   t   find   anything   like   it   locally .   i   finally   tried   looking   for   andis   online   and   was   thrilled   to   find   this .   i   hope   it   lasts   as   long   as   the   last   one   did .
the   best   wall   hair   dryever ..   wonderful   product .. fabulous   to   have   on   the   wall ... not   noisy .   who   doesn   t   enjoy   a   product .. as   advertised !   br   makes   me   feel   like   i   m   at   a   5   star   hotel ... being   pampered .
five   stars   this   is   a   back   up   for   the   one   just   like   it ,   only   a   different   color .   lots   of   power .
five   stars   exwife   seemed   to   like   it .
best   purchase   ever   best   purchase   ever ! ! !   well   worth   the   price ! ! !   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   this   cut   my   drying   time   by   30   minutes ...
five   stars   good
five   stars   very   nice !
really   like   the   results   so   i   decided   to   order   one   for   ...   i   travel   for   work   a   lot   and   many   of   the   hotels   where   i   stay   provide   the   andis   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer   in   the   rooms .   really   like   the   results   so   i   decided   to   order   one   for   home .   light   weight ,   not   too   loud   and   easy   on   the   hair .   for   the   price ,   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer .
great   dryer   seems   to   be   a   very   well   made   dryer .   enough   power   for   me   with   the   two   settings .   a   little   awkward   to   turn   it   on   and   off   on   the   main   piece   but   no   big   deal .   we   put   it   in   a   cupboard   so   it   is   out   of   the   way .
five   stars   it   works   much   better   than   the   last   one ,   really   professional   dryer
four   stars   good .   just   hope   it   can   be   cheaper .
it   works   fine   and   i   like   the   flat   black   finish   i   would   give   it   a   higher   rating   but   the   cord   is   just   too   short .   other   than   that ,   it   works   fine   and   i   like   the   flat   black   finish .
after   searching   through   many   reviews ,   i   chose   this   hairdryer   ...   after   searching   through   many   reviews ,   i   chose   this   hairdryer .   i   didn   t   expect   to   see   a   difference ... but   i   did !   hair   dries   so   much   faster   and   my   hair   is   definitely   smoother .   worth   the   price .
that   is   a   good   thing   i   guess   after   a   bunch   of   reviews   well   read ,   i   choose   this   hair   dryer ,   i   have   to   say   its   too   powerful !   that   is   a   good   thing   i   guess ,   for   me   it   was   kind   of   crazy   to   manage ,   i   have   short   and   thin   hair ,   it   dries   my   hair   so   fast   and   powerful   that   i   have   no   time   to   make   a   style   on   it .   br   it   is   dry   already   with   no   shape .   br   maybe   for   a   professional   with   better   manage   of   a   drier   will   be   perfect ,   i   am   still   working   on   it .
great   blow   dryer   twin   turbo   3200   twin   turbo   3200   is   great   .   i   bought   it   for   home   use   .   best   blow   dryer   have   ever   bought   and   owned
item   came   missing   the   connecting   screw .   still   waiting   for   ...   item   came   missing   the   connecting   screw .   still   waiting   for   someone   to   get   back   to   me .   one   more   business   day   and   i   m   going   to   request   a   refund   and   return .
light   in   weight   and   compact   this   is   the   hair   dryer   provided   by   my   hotel   and   i   was   pleasantly   surprised   by   how   light   weight   it   was   and   the   ergonomic   design   made   it   completely   comfortable   to   use .   i   use   a   tourmaline   200   dryer   at   home ,   it   s   too   bulky   to   travel   with .   i   promptly   checked   amazon   and   found   the   hotel   model   for   less   than   15 !   it   is   powerful   and   extremely   light   weight   and   quickly   dries   my   unruly ,   long   thick   hair .   i   got   great   results ,   even   without   a   concentrator .   highly   recommend !
great   product   nice   product   and   a   great   price
five   stars   awesome ! ! !   very   powerful   and   compact .   retractable   cord   is   my   favorite   feature .
awesome !   this   is   the   only   brand   i   trust .   i   tried   many   many   hairdryers ,   and   they   all   stop   working   as   soon   as   returning   is   not   an   option .   this   hairdryer   is   the   last   one   you   will   ever   need .   it   has   two   settings   high   low ,   and   it   just   works .
five   stars   just   what   we   needed   for   our   travel   bag .
four   stars   i   like   it
good   hair   dryer   a   couple   months   in   and   so   far   so   go .   br   br   pros   br   br   light   and   comfortable   br   nice   attachments   br   no   burning   smells   br   powerful   enough   br   long   cable   br   br   cons   br   br   not   very   portable   br   br   the   lightness   can   make   it   feel   kind   of   cheap   but   i   would   rather   it   be   light   than   unwieldy   br  
three   stars   the   blow   dryer   died   after   six   months .   it   just   completely   stopped   working .
five   stars   great   value   for   the   money !
five   stars   just   what   i   wanted   and   it   came   faster   than   expected !
very   large   and   heavy   heavy ,   big   and   burned   out   within   10   months   of   light   use .
avoid   this   dryer !   the   unit   started   smoking   today   when   in   use .   the   built   in   gfci   fried   after   just   over   a   months   use .
it   dries   hair   bought   it   for   my   wife .   it   dries   her   hair .   i   have   used   a   few   times   to   heat   up   some   metal   a   bit   when   applying   a   protective   coating .   made   sufficient   heat .   i   say   it   would   be   just   fine   for   your   hair .
four   stars   item   deliver   as   promised   love   the   color
five   stars   good   product ,   quick   delivery
best   dryer   ever !   excellent !   i   had   a   conair   turbo   bird   that   i   bought   back   in   2004   that   has   something   rattling   inside   of   it   so   before   it   goes   out   on   me   i   wanted   to   have   a   backup .   the   silverbird   has   delivered   the   same   great   results   so   far .   i   look   forward   to   using   it   for   another   decade   before   i   replace   it !
five   stars   excellent   product   it   has   nine   month   working   without   problems ,   i   recommend   it
worst   hair   dryer   does   not   dry   hair   worst   hair   dryer   ever !   after   reading   reviews   that   said   this   dryer   was   good   for   long   thick   curly   hair   i   purchased   it .   i   ve   given   it   a   chance   over   and   over   but   it   does   not   dry   my   hair .   stay   away   if   you   have   thick   hair !
great   product !   easy   to   use   great   product !   easy   to   use ,   quite   stylish   and   how   important   is   that   when   one   is   blow   drying   their   hair !   .   dries   hair   quickly   without   any   frizz .   the   cord   even   retracts !   it   has   multiple   heat   and   power   settings .   appears   to   have   a   long   shelf   life ,   unless   you   drop   it .   word   to   the   wise ,   take   care   not   to   drop   it   on   a   hard   floor .   this   is   my   second   one .
bought   for   husband .   he   loves   it ,   which   this   ...   bought   for   husband .   he   loves   it ,   which   this   model   came   with   attachments .
three   stars   doesn   t   blow   as   hard   as   i   was   hoping   .   with   long ,   thick   hair ,   it   takes   a   while   to   dry
good   and   economical ,   just   be   careful .   this   hair   dryer   is   fast ,   and   compact .   it   has   a   high   and   low   setting ,   and   gets   the   job   done   effectively   because   it   has   such   a   strong   blow .   the   only   problem   i   had   with   it ,   is   that   the   back   end   of   it   kept   sucking   in   my   hair ,   and   it   resulted   in   it   giving   off   the   smell   of   burning   hair ,   and   accompanied   by   it   no   longer   working   as   well   as   it   could ,   after   3   weeks   of   having   it .   the   only   reason   why   i   gave   it   a   4   and   not   a   three   is   because   you   and   me   both   have   the   responsibility   of   keeping   our   hair   away   from   the   back   end   of   the   hair   dryer .   the   reason   why   it   does   not   have   a   5   is   because ,   although   it   is   very   strong ,   could   not   handle   a   few   pieces   of   hair   getting   into   the   fan   part ,   which   is   understandable ,   but   still   an   engineering   flaw .   it   s   golden   for   travel ,   and   great   for   short   term   usage .
great   purchase !   this   dryer   is   full   size   and   retractable   folding !   perfect !
which   normally   is   a   good   feature .   had   wanted   a   dryer   to   possibly   do   ...   it   doesn   t   get   too   warm ,   though   it   does   include   a   button   to   push   to   stop   the   heating   element   from   heating   for   a   while ,   which   normally   is   a   good   feature .   br   br   had   wanted   a   dryer   to   possibly   do   light   duty   as   a   heat   gun   too ,   but   this   model   will   get   no   where   close   to   doing   that .   though ,   it   does   dry   my   hair   eventually ,   just   wish   the   output   was   better   than   slightly   warm .
this   hair   dryer   was   recommended   by   my   stylist   over   and   above   the   dryers   sold   ...   this   hair   dryer   was   recommended   by   my   stylist   over   and   above   the   dryers   sold   in   the   salon .   this   hair   dryer   has   not   disappointed !   i   have   thick   hair   and   it   dries   my   hair   very   quickly !   worth   the  
was   pretty   good   for   13   months   but   now   dead   updated   sept   2015   br   this   dryer   died   today   after   almost   catching   on   fire .   i   sniffed   a   burning   smell   and   2   seconds   heavy   sparks   came   out   and   it   died .   i   only   used   it   twice   a   month   to   dry   my   dogs   for   about   30   minutes   each   time .   always   cleaned   lint   out   of   the   air   vent .   very   pricy   to   last   just   13   months   with   limited   use .   does   anyone   make   a   quality   product   br   br   his   is   a   terrific   dryer   for   the   price   here   on   amazon .   it   seems   very   well   built   and   has   a   lot   of   power   without   being   too   loud .   it   has   three   heat   settings   and   two   power   settings .   i   love   it .   great   for   blow   drying   my   two   dogs   on   a   cooler   setting .
great   great   color   great   great   color , very   string .   it   s   my   2nd   one .   second   because   i   lost   1st   one   due   to   my   house   burning .
five   stars   buenisimo
five   stars   thank   you !
great   dryer   for   someone   with   arthritis   great   dryer   for   someone   with   arthritis .   very   light   weight   yet   powerful   for   its   size .   you   will   love   this   dryer ! !
five   stars   love   it !
five   stars   easy   to   mount   and   dries   hair   very   efficiently   without   counter   clutter .
great   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   i   have   coarse ,   thick   hair   that   retains   water   really   well .   this   dryer   has   enough   umph   to   do   the   job .
five   stars   great   dryer ....   if   you   have   hair .
good   price ,   great   quality .   very   good   for   the   price .   it   used   to   take   me   30   minutes   to   dry   my   hair ,   its   very   long   and   thick   now   it   only   takes   15   minutes   or   less   and   there   is   a   cool   setting ,   so   i   can   finish   up   with   that   to   bring   the   temp   of   the   hair   back   down   and   lock   in   the   style .
good   quality   good   quality   for   the   price !
great   exactly   as   expected
awful   handle   would   spark   when   turning   on   and   off
great   for   watercolors !   i   m   an   artist   and   i   needed   this   to   help   dry   my   artwork .   it   works   great   for   that !   there   s   a   low   setting   that   i   use   if   i   have   34   puddles   34   in   my   watercolors ,   and   a   high   setting   if   the   painting   is   just   soggy .   br   br   i   really   don   t   use   it   as   a   hairdryer ,   so   i   couldn   t   tell   you   how   well   that   works ,   haha .   but   it   s   super   reliable ,   compact   and   i   have   literally   never   had   any   problems   with   it .   maybe   the   cord   could   be   longer   in   future   designs   i   don   t   think   most   people   will   take   issue   with   that   though ,   because   typically   there   is   a   plugin   right   next   to   bathroom   sinks   in   every   house .   for   an   artist   though ,   having   a   longer   cord   would   be   handy .   that   said ,   i   am   totally   happy   with   it   the   way   that   it   is .
mega   deals   store   is   selling   unauthentic   products   i   purchased   this   from   mega   deals   store .   it   was   broken   upon   opening   the   pkg .   they   sent   me   a   new   one .   the   motor   burned   out   shortly   thereafter .   so   they   sent   me   a   new   one   again .   now   about   1.5   years   later ,   another   motor   has   burned   out .   it   s   not   like   i   even   use   it   every   day !   i   contacted   them   once   again   and   they   will   not   return   my   emails .   br   br   i   have   had   a   t3   before   that   i   purchased   directly   from   the   t3   website .   it   lasted   5   years   with   no   problems .   there   s   no   way   that   the   t3   i   purchased   from   mega   deals   store   is   authentic .   br   br   i   gave   them   the   benefit   of   the   doubt   twice ,   but   i   should   have   followed   my   instinct .   if   the   price   is   too   good   to   be   true ,   it   probably   is .
practical   and   durable   have   had   this   for   about   a   year   and   it   is   not   only   still   going   string ,   but   is   still   in   fantastic   shape .   this   was   a   worthy   purchase
so   far   so   good ..   very   quiet   and   strong   hair   dryer ,   so   far   so   good .... but   the   button   sides   feel   poorly   made .   i   have   a   feeling   that   s   the   first   part   to   break .
love !   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   stayed   at   a   hotel   that   had   an   andis   dryer   in   it ,   and   immediately   fell   in   love .   it   s   very   powerful   i   use   the   low   setting   every   day   ,   and   it   dries   my   hair   very   quickly .   i   have   thick ,   long   hair ,   and   it   takes   about   8   minutes .
five   stars   excellent
five   stars   great   to   find   a   compact   hair   dryer   with   this   level   of   wattage .
convienience   as   well   as   a   great   product .   exactly   what   we   were   looking   for .
overall   good   hair   dryer   dries   my   hair   fast ... overall   good   hair   dryer ... i   m   not   sure   that   it   s   worth   the   price .. but   i   like   it .
great   hairdryer   with   secure   attachments   great   hairdryer   for   the   price !   it   s   not   too   loud ,   fairly   lightweight ,   ergonomic ,   great   colors ,   and   my   favorite   part   of   all   the   attachments   actually   stay   on .   i   had   another   conair   that   i   loved ,   except   that   the   34   concentrator   34   attachment   would   regularly   fall   off   while   i   was   drying   my   hair ,   and   then   it   was   burning   hot ,   so   i   couldn   t   put   it   back   on   until   after   i   was   already   finished   drying .   this   one   stays   on   and   rotates   securely .   br   br   i   can   t   pretend   i   notice   a   difference   in   my   hair   texture .   it   s   always   frizzy ,   especially   in   summer ,   and   this   didn   t   seem   to   cure   that ...   but   it   works   as   well   as   my   much   more   expensive   hairdryers   i   bought   a   professional   one   from   a   salon   years   ago   at   a   fraction   of   the   price .   the   filter   is   also   easy   to   clean   and   doesn   t   get   gunked   up   easily .
great   product ! !   thank   you .   great   product ! !   thank   you .
handy   little   dryer   this   is   my   conair   dryer .   all   of   them   lasted   very   well .   i   just   love   that   it   hangs   up   out   of   the   way   in   the   bathroom .   hope   they   never   quit   making   them .
three   stars   i   thought   it   would   be   smaller ,   for   traveling .
five   stars   best   hair   dryer   ever   especially   for   the   price .
five   stars   great ,   solved   my   problem   of   misplacing   my   hair   dryer .
the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned   i   purchased   this   dryer   because   of   the   retractable   cord .   this   feature   is   great !   but ...   the   dryer   itself   has   really   helped   my   hair .   with   three   temperature   settings   and   two   speeds ,   i   ve   been   able   to   minimize   heat   damage   without   increasing   drying   time .   love   it !
it   s   amazing   what   a   new   blow   dryer   can   do !   love   this   blow   dryer !   it   s   a   beast   and   my   hair   loves   it .   my   hair   is   softer .   i   didn   t   realize   how   much   i   needed   a   new   blow   dryer   until   this .   it   s   amazing .
three   stars   not   as   powerful   as   i   would   have   liked .   dislike   the   on   off   switch   location .
three   stars   it   overheats   on   high   after   a   little   more   than   a   minute   of   use   disappointing
easy   to   assemble   even   though   the   directions   are   just   pictures   ...   fast   shipping ,   easy   to   assemble   even   though   the   34   directions   34   are   just   pictures   and   works   great !   i   have   very   short   3b   hair   and   i   only   needed   to   use   the   dryer   for   10   minutes   to   completely   dry   my   hair   and   it   looked   great !
five   stars   excellent   product ,   light ,   powerful ,   durable .   we   have   bought   several   for   our   kids .
only   good   in   us   when   you   don   t   have   to   flip   between   110   and   220   when   i   flipped   to   220   i   could   no   longer   turn   the   hair   dryer   to   high .   and   now   can   t   flip   back   to   110 .
five   stars   very   good !
warning !   read   reviews   before   buying ! !   wish   i   had   read   the   reviews !   difficult   to   open   the   plastic   cover .   no   doubt   the   34   string   34   inside   the   hose   won   t   last   long !   worst   for   me   the   bonnet   does   not   lock   onto   the   air   hose .   the   least   little   movement   of   my   head   caused   the   hose   to   fall   out   again .   i   tried   with   all   my   strength   to   turn   the   hose   until   it   locks   has   about   1   8   34   of   sliding   area   after   34   nodules   34   on   hose   fit   into   hose ,   but   no   way   to   lock   it   no   way   to   make   it   stay .   thinking   about   trying   duct   tape .   worst   product   i   ve   bought   through   amazon   in ... like ,   maybe ,   forever !
so .. so   shipment   took   a   while   to   get   to   its   destination .   i   was   expecting   a   professional   mini   dryer   specially   the   air   difussor ...   bummer ..   this   is   just   like   the   ones   that   i   could   purchase   in   any   department   store .
but   guess   they   liked   it .   bought   as   a   gift   as   well .   but   guess   they   liked   it .
five   stars   powerful   and   not   too   loud
200   value   for   money   perfect   !   br   temperature   adjustments ,   blow   dry   option   are   completely   satisfactory .   br   color   looked   different   in   picture   but ,   in   real   it   looks   very   good .
fast   and   smaller   than   i   expected   this   dryer   is   smaller   and   lighter   than   i   had   expected .   i   can   travel   with   it   easily ,   saving   myself   the   hassle   of   getting   a   smaller ,   less   functional   travel   dryer .   it   also   dries   your   hair   in   5   minutes   flat   and   does   all   the   other   great   things   other   people   have   mentioned .
travel   dryer   read   all   reviews   and   still   bought   this   dryer ,   i   think   some   people   expect   to   much   from   a   product   so   far   this   dryer   is   doing   what   i   expected   it   to   do .   the   retractable   cord   is   working   and   the   handle   folds   like   it   should   and   provides   proper   heat   and   cooling .
easy   to   damage !   this   item   broke   in   the   second   time   i   used .   i   am   totally   returning   it .
none   available .   none   available .
three   stars   it   works   wery   well   but   it   is   covered   by   a   kind   of   rubber   that   glues   dust   and   loose   hair .
best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   the   onei   mk   ii   hair   dryer   is   an   excellent   way   to   reduce   frizz   when   drying   while   styling .   i   would   totally   recommend   it   to   anyone   looking   for   a   great   hair   dryer .
junk .   not   enough   air   flow   to   keep   it   from   melting .   it   melted   into   a   pool   of   plastic   in   just   a   couple   months .   forget   it .   this   is   junk
five   stars   good
dies   after   a   few   months   it   worked   great   for   about   8   months   both   on   110   and   220v .   unfortunately   it   s   started   making   a   weird   buzzing   sound   after   about   8   months   and   smells   like   burning .   dang .
five   stars   gift   for   my   wife .   received   quickly   and   just   as   described
oster   professional   76932   710   wall   mount   hair   dryer   lots   of   power   and   is   an   excellent   addition   to   our   bathrooms .
perfect   for   both   of   our   diverse   needs   this   delivers   more   blowing   power   than   i   have   experienced   before ,   which   requires   me   to   use   the   middle   setting   for   my   long ,   curly   hair .   my   husband   likes   the   high   setting   for   a   quick   dry .   perfect   for   both   of   our   diverse   needs .
five   stars   excellent
dries   hair   quickly   i   have   waist   length   hair   and   i   have   always   dreaded   blow   drying   my   hair   because   it   would   take   me   a   complete   hour !   but   i   was   impressed   with   this   dryer   because   it   dried   my   hair   in   about   20   minutes !   i   first   started   with   the   brush   adapter ,   but   i   didn   t   like   it   at   all .   the   bristles   are   too   soft .   so   i   changed   it   to   the   bigger   comb ,   which   i   liked .   but   while   drying   my   hair   it   then   made   a   crackling   popping   noise   that   scared   the   hell   out   of   me .   then   i   changed   it   to   the   smaller   comb ,   which   i   also   liked ,   and   again   it   made   that   horrible   scary   crackling   popping   noise !   i   m   assuming   that   a   hair   strand   must   of   gotten   inside   the   vent   and   that   is   what   cause   the   popping   noise .   also   the   reason   i   gave   it   4   stars   out   of   5 !   all   in   all   i   am   satisfied   with   my   purchase   and   blame   that   on   a   design   flaw .   i   will   be   careful   using   it   the   next   time   and   hope   it   doesn   t   do   that   again .   also   i   tried   changing   the   dual   voltage .   but   the   button   didn   t   budge !
good   dryer   my   wife   had   used   this   at   a   hotel   and   liked   it   for   its   compactness   and   its   heat   setting   and   airflow .   it   is   rather   noisy ,   but   it   is   light .
have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   years   and   love   it .   gets   nice   and   hot   without   burning   me   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   years   and   love   it .   gets   nice   and   hot   without   burning   me ,   speed   is   good ,   no   complaints .
disappointed   i   was   excited   to   see   the   description   34   locking   cool   shot   button   34   but   it   does   not   lock .   you   have   to   manually   hold   it   down .   that   gets   tiring .   disappointed .
love   it !   my   tabletop   dryer   dried   my   hair   in   ...   love   it !   my   tabletop   dryer   dried   my   hair   in   about   an   hour   and   30   mins ..   this   takes   an   hour   to   dry   and   is   super   quiet . i   it   is   bulky   and   an   eye   sore   in   my   bedroom   the   old   dryer   folded   and   i   stored   in   my   closet .   this   is   too   big   to   fit   in   there , ,   but   i   m   glad   i   purchased   it .
great   product .   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   great   product .   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .
my   favorite   hairdryer .   i   have   been   using   this   for   years   my   favorite   hairdryer .   i   have   been   using   this   for   years !   professional   dryer
this   worked   great ,   with   the   appropriate   adaptor   this   worked   great ,   with   the   appropriate   adaptor ,   when   i   used   it   in   italy .   in   fact ,   it   worked   better   than   the   one   in   the   hotel   bathroom   that   was   made   for   use   in   europe .
pleased   other   than   the   pink   trim   looks   silver   in   photo   ,   excellent   dryer .   solid   feel   and   powerful .
five   stars   i   like   it   very   much !  
like   it   don   t   love   it   i   like   this   brush ,   don   t   love   it ..........   i   expected   my   medium   fine   hair   to   glide   through   the   bristles   but   it   can   be   a   little   difficult   if   you   have   product   in   your   hair   and   are   trying   to   blow   dry   it   yourself .   i   am   sure   it   works   great   if   someone   else   is   drying   your   hair  
wife   had   to   have   one   also ...   bought   one   for   my   daughter   and   my   wife   tried   it   once   and   so   i   had   to   order   her   one   also ... seems   to   be   the   best   they   have   used   and   is   a   great   company ...
four   stars   no   problems ,   arrived   as   promised .
five   stars   works   great .
five   stars   as   described .   on   sale .   thank   you !
five   stars   perfect   for   travel !
did   not   like   this   item   a   bit   noisy . did   not   like   this   item .
good   hair   dryer   the   dryer   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   has   a   good   length   cord .   my   only   disappointment   is   that   the   speed   and   heat   settings   are   not   separate   i . e   they   are   controlled   with   one   sliding   switch ,   low   speed   low   heat ,   high   speed   high   heat .   i   was   very   pleased   that   even   though   i   ordered   2   items   separately   on   the   same   say ,   they   both   arrived   as   promised   and   in   one   box .
absolutely   loved   it !   ordered   a   second   one   i   liked   it   ...   absolutely   loved   it !   ordered   a   second   one   i   liked   it   so   well .
five   stars   good   product ,   worked   well .
took   to   argentina   for   a   month   and   it   worked   great .   i   actually   like   it   better   than   my   regular   ...   took   to   argentina   for   a   month   and   it   worked   great .   i   actually   like   it   better   than   my   regular   hair   dryer .   just   follow   the   directions   for   dual   voltage   and   you   will   have   no   problem .   this   does   not   come   with   an   adaptor   which   i   had   to   bring   myself .
five   stars   it   s   great   works   good   and   was   just   what   i   needed   for   traveling
five   stars   good   price ,   light   weight .   works   good !
i   have   relatively   thin   hair   and   this   took   forever   to   ...   i   have   relatively   thin   hair   and   this   took   forever   to   dry   it !   i   wound   up   returning   it   after   one   use !
four   stars   great   dryer   for   the   money
size   was   good   for   a   travel   dryer   and   worked   well   for   about   ...   size   was   good   for   a   travel   dryer   and   worked   well   for   about   6   months   until   the   handle   literally   started   melting   from   the   inside .   i   noticed   that   it   was   slowly   getting   hot   and   over   a   matter   of   weeks   there   was   a   melted   hole   in   the   handle .   i   live   in   the   us   so   there   s   no   issue   of   changing   voltage ,   etc .   worst   and   most   dangerous   purchase   of   my   life .   pay   a   little   more   money   and   try   something   else .
two   stars   every   time   i   switch   setting   or   hit   cool   button   the   lights   dim   that   scares   me .
i   would   not   recommend   this   product   retractable   cord   broke   in   2   weeks ,   i   would   not   recommend   this   product .
powerful ,   packable   dryer ...   good   drying   power   in   a   small ,   very   packable   dryer .   delighted   to   find   it   here .   bought   one   for   my   daughter   as   well .
it   is   a   cheap   product ,   and   will   work ,   ...   it   is   a   cheap   product ,   and   will   work ,   but   it   will   definitely   take   time ,   especially   if   you   have   a   lot   of   hair   to   go   through .
love   this ,   i   haven   t   actually   used   it   on   my   ...   love   this ,   i   haven   t   actually   used   it   on   my   hair   yet   but   my   poodles   hair   is   very   nice   and   frizz   free .  
five   stars   everything   i   wanted   in   a   hair   dryer !   power ! ! ! ! !
great   to   have   for   travel   not   super   small   but   it   ...   great   to   have   for   travel   br   not   super   small   but   it   is   powerful
the   cord   hiding   in   the   hair   dryer   seems   like   a   waste   i   prefer   the   lighter   model   read   the   reviews   and   someone   mentioned   the   cord   is   too   short .   i   agree .   it   s   doable   but   i   have   to   watch   that   i   don   t   turn   around   or   move   too   far   from   the   outlet .   hair   dryer   is   much   heavier   than   my   older   model   i   believe   it   s   because   of   the   reel   inside   the   dryer   for   the   cord .   the   cord   hiding   in   the   hair   dryer   seems   like   a   waste   i   prefer   the   lighter   model .   my   sister   has   the   same   one   and   after   a   while   the   button   to   reel   the   cord   in   broke .
very   good   dryer .   fast   shipping . very   good   dryer .
great   hair   dryer   at   a   great   price !   i   ordered   this   hair   dryer   for   my   sister   and   wasn   t   sure   it   would   be   a   good   one .   it   seemed   cheap   but   i   ended   liking   it   better   than   mine ,   which   cost   twice   as   much !   it   s   very   light   weight   and   not   very   loud   at   all .   since   it   isn   t   very   loud ,   i   didn   t   expect   it   to   be   very   powerful   but   it   dries   my   hair   much   faster   than   most   hair   dyers   i   ve   used .   we   ve   had   it   for   over   6   months   now   and   it   s   still   working   great !   it   s   definitely   a   great   hair   dryer   at   a   great   price !
four   stars   they   work   great .
very   happy   have   had   this   for   2   years   now .   paid   25.00   with   free   shipping   and   the   dryer   still   going   strong .   very   happy  
this   one   replaced   one   exactly   like   it   which   the   handle   would   no   longer   lock   in   ...   this   one   replaced   one   exactly   like   it   which   the   handle   would   no   longer   lock   in   place .   the   new   one   has   an   issue   that   you   have   to   fight   the   cord   to   get   it   to   retract .   the   dryer   part   of   both   work   fine .   the   bells   and   whistles   neither   chime   or   whistle .
four   stars   great   size   but   pretty   loud
five   stars   its   just   like   the   picture   and   what   was   advertise   .... great   product
my   granddaughter   uses   it   every   day   to   fix   her   beautiful   red   hair   as   she   is   a   dye   in   the   ...   my   granddaughter   uses   it   every   day   to   fix   her   beautiful   red   hair   as   she   is   a   dye   in   the   wool   hello   kitty   fan .   oh   the   dryer   works   perfectly .
bueno   loved
only   dryer   that   was   ceramic   ionic   and   lightweight   and   quiet   after   a   dizzying   hour   looking   at   hairdryers   in   the   store   aisle   i   finally   bought   this   in   favour   of   many   higher   priced   models .   why   it   was   the   only   one   that   had   all   of   the   features   i   wanted .   i   wanted   ceramic   ionic   and   lightweight   and   quiet .   it   is   much   lighter   than   all   but   one   i   picked   up   a   turquoise   coloured   model   that   looked   too   cheap   despite   the   high   price   tag   .   i   used   it   for   the   first   time   tonight ... it   is   much   quieter ,   and   to   all   the   reviewers   who   were   confused   about   the   reason   for   the   lower   decibels ... its   to   protect   the   hearing   of   the   user .   not   the   family   of   sorry   .   at   first   i   thought   the   dryer   was   not   strong   enough   but   it   is   missing   that   crazy   blast   of   undirected   air   that   just   throws   your   hair   every   which   way   but   it   is   definitely   a   strong   current   and   very   hot   variable   temp   i   used   it   on   medium   which   was   plenty   hot .   i   believe   it   is   pro   can   get   hotter   than   my   last   model   .   also   the   cool   shot   is   actually   cool ,   most   models   give   you   slightly   cooler ... this   one   is   definitely   the   34   coolest   34   .   so   far ... im   happy   and   was   prepared   to   spend   upwards   of   100 .
i   am   disappointed   at   the   overall   quality   as   i   feel   it   should   ...   i   purchased   this   unit   a   little   over   a   year   ago   and   had   about   10   months   of   service   using   once   a   day   for   less   than   5   minutes .   it   is   an   inexpensive   unit   and   frankly   did   not   expect   it   to   last   much   longer .   the   unit   fell   to   the   floor   from   counter   height   3   times ....... on   the   third ,   the   fan   a   fragile   clear   acrylic   plastic   part   shattered   and   lost   two   blades .   it   is   so   imbalanced   that   it   will   now   not ,   nor   should   it ,   run .   i   am   disappointed   at   the   overall   quality   as   i   feel   it   should   have   been   able   to   withstand   such   impact .   it   is   inexpensive   however ,   and   the   moral   holds   true ....... i   ll   look   for   a   better   unit   next   time .
dries   hair   serves   its   purpose .   wish   the   heat   came   out   with   more   force   so   i   wouldn   t   have   to   stay   under   so   long .
good   choice   for   the   right   price .   this   blow   dryer   works   very   well !   dries   my   hair   in   no   time   and   uses   less   power   to   do   it .
love   it   i   love   this   blow   dryer   i   got   it   for   10   on   amazon   you   cannot   find   this   any   cheaper   matter   fact   the   next   cheapest   was   20it   works   great   was   brand   new   came   with   everything   and   was   on   time   recommendperfectly   satisfied
too   weak   for   my   thick   hair   we   have   long   thick   hair   in   this   family ,   and   it   s   way   too   weak   to   do   the   job   without   taking   forever .   so ,   i   ordered   the   babyliss   pro   hair   dryer   ceramix   xtreme   pink   edition   babbpk2000 ,   and   it   dries   our   hair   in   2   or   3   minutes   completely .   we   ll   put   this   one   in   our   travel   bag   and   use   it   when   we   travel .   it   would   be   fine   for   someone   with   short   hair ,   or   thin   hair   that   doesn   t   take   too   much   time   to   dry .   it   s   nice   and   quiet ,   too .
five   stars   i   like   it   thanks
the   hair   dryer   is   good ,   but   the   brush   bristles   are   too   soft   the   hair   dryer   is   good , but   the   brush   bristles   are   too   soft !
five   stars   this   is   a   great   powerful   hair   dryer
always   like   conair   brand   but   this   one   is   very   annoying   and   maybe   has   a   defect .   always   like   conair   brand   but   this   one   is   very   annoying   because   it   powers   itself   down   to   the   lower   speed   for   a   few   seconds   every   minute   or   so   as   you   are   using   it .   it   does   this   for   about   15   seconds   and   then   goes   back   to   high .   this   may   be   a   defect   because   as   i   said   i   have   never   had   a   conair   that   did   this   but   wow   it   is   sure   frustrating .
i   don   t   understand   the   g4reat   reviews   for   this   dryer   i   made   a   huge   mistake   by   not   returning   this   hair   dryer   immediately .   the   reviews   were   all   terrific ,   so   i   just   assumed   i   was   not   adjusting   the   ion   settings   correctly .   my   hair   is   somewhat   curly   and   i   usually   blow   it   straight ,   although   sometimes   i   diffuse   it   curly .   this   hair   dryer   has ,   without   exception ,   left   my   hair   extremely   unruly .   it   makes   my   hair   appear   very   dry   and   unhealthy .   i   have   used   some   excellent   ionic   hair   dryers   in   the   past   and   kept   waiting   for   this   one   to   work   as   well .   big   mistake .   the   high   heat   is   extremely   hot   and   damaging   to   hair .   the   medium   heat   just   doesn   t   seem   to   create   any   smoothness   and   there   is   no   cooling   button .   one   must   keep   switching   the   heat   settings   constantly   while   trying   to   dry   your   hair .   i   ve   been   trying   to   contact   the   seller ,   but   have   been   unsuccessful .   i   d   love   to   know   if   there   is   some   trick   that   i   haven   t   discovered !
this   really   blows !   good   hair   dryer ,   especially   for   the   price !
great   price   works   really   well .   why   spend   more   for   a   hair   dryer   i   m   super   happy   with   this   purchase   already   bought   2   and   might   get   another   one .   the   price   is   right   and   it   works   really   well .
...   bought   her   this   one   and   she   is   a   very   happy   camper .   my   wife   wanted   an   34   old   fashioned   34   hair   dryer   so   i   bought   her   this   one   and   she   is   a   very   happy   camper .
strong   blow   dryer .   had   the   exact   same   one   and   ...   strong   blow   dryer .   had   the   exact   same   one   and   after   7   years   it   started   to   spark   inside   so   i   decided   it   was   time   for   another   one .   i   use   it   several   times   a   week   and   am   hoping   this   one   lasts   just   as   long .
terrific !   very   powerful   dryer   and   in   europe   i   only   needed   to   use   it   on   the   low   because   it   dried   as   if   it   was   on   high .   i   still   use   it   at   home   and   here   i   use   the   high   setting .   great   dryer ! !
five   stars   my   wife   loves   this   great   pick   up   buy   this   people
not   high   powered ,   fine   for   the   price   as   a   guy ,   i   didn   t   think   i   would   have   much   use   for   a   hair   dryer .   but   since   i   m   an   adult   now   self   diagnosed   my   barber   said   that   i   should   upgrade   my   haircut   and   hair   product .   this   now   requires   me   to   dry   my   hair   out   of   the   shower .   for   me ,   this   hair   dryer   works   fine .   i   just   need   a   quick   dry   in   the   morning   before   i   put   in   hair   stuff ,   so   it   s   just   fine   for   that .   if   you   are   a   lady   or   guy   with   a   lot   of   hair ,   this   might   not   be   the   dryer   for   you .   it   s   not   super   powerful ,   even   on   high ,   and   is   overall   pretty   cheap   look   at   the   price .   it   s   nice   if   you   just   need   something   to   get   by   and   don   t   want   to   spend   a   lot   of   money .
great !   good   quality   for   the   price !
four   stars   great   dryer .   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   it   5   stars   is   because   it   is   a   bit   heavy .
very   good   hair   dryer ...   ! ! !   i   bought   it   for   my   girlfriend   we   are   angry   with   each   other   for   now   or   possible   ex   girlfriend   if   you   are   reading   this   review   too   late   and   i   ve   got   to   say   that   it   s   a   very   good   hair   dryer ...   she   seems   at   this   moment   enjoy   it ...   and   she   looks   very   happy   with   it ...   no   complaints ...   great   product ...   good   price ...   100   recommended .
fire   hazard   this   dryer   super   heats ,   smells   like   it   is   burning   and   gets   so   hot   on   the   handle   you   cannot   hold   it .   it   is   a   fire   hazard   and   should   not   be   sold .   br   someone   is   going   to   get   hurt .   since   i   cannot   return   it   i   will   put   it   in   the   trash .   it   could   burn   your   hair   off   or   scar   you   for   life .   br   dont   use   it
just   as   much   power   as   a   full   sized .   amazing   for   a   small   hair   dryer .   folds   up   nicely   and   is   just   as   strong   as   an   average   hair   dryer .   has   lasted   about   6   months   and   feels   just   as   solid   and   powerful   as   it   did   when   i   first   got   it .   br   br   also   has   a   safety   gfci   breaker   on   the   plug ,   which   is   just   more   of   a   testament   to   quality ,   but   can   also   save   your   life   if   you   re   using   this   somewhere   that   doesn   t   have   one .
great   dryer   works   wonderfully .   nice   and   hot   and   does   the   job .
cool   best   feature   for   me   is   the   cool   setting   not   found   on   other   hair   dryers .   in   hot ,   humid   weather ,   the   cool   setting   allows   me   to   dry   my   hair   and   not   overheat   while   doing   so !
vali   great   machine ..   it   gets   extremely   hot ,   but   it   s   what   i   prefer .
four   stars   i   have   this   dryer   for   a   few   years   now   and   is   still   working   great
love   this   hair   dryer   i   have   a   hair   dryer   with   higher   wattage   than   this   one .   it   keeps   overheating   and   switching   to   cold   air .   when   it   cools   down ,   it   goes   back   to   hot .   it   takes   forever   to   dry   my   hair   as   cold   air   does   nothing .   i   was   in   a   hotel   that   had   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   lower   wattage ,   but   it   took   less   time   to   dry   my   hair   because   it   did   not   overheat .   when   i   got   home   from   vacation ,   i   decided   to   see   if   i   could   find   the   same   hair   dryer   on   amazon .   this   is   exactly   the   same   one   as   in   the   hotel .   i   ordered   it .   i   received   it   quickly .   i   love   it .   i   love   that   it   s   mounted   on   the   wall .   i   love   everything   about   this   dryer .   don   t   let   the   lower   wattage   fool   you .   this   seems   as   hot   as   my   other   dryer .   it   must   be   a   little   less ,   because   it   never   overheats ,   but   you   wouldn   t   notice   it .   i   can   dry   my   hair   faster   with   this   dryer .
but   wall   mount   is   so   nice !   if   i   need   to   dry   my   hair   fast   not   the   most   powerful   of   hairdryers ,   but   wall   mount   is   so   nice !   if   i   need   to   dry   my   hair   fast ,   i   get   a   different   dryer .
died   after   a   year   worked   well ,   died   after   a   year   of   use .
five   stars   works   well ,   no   issues .
love   it !   very   gentle   on   your   hair   love   it !   very   gentle   on   your   hair .   no   more   heat   damaged   hair .   in   5   to   10   minutes   your   hair   is   dry   with   curlers   or   without .
four   stars   works   very   well   and   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   a   friend .
maybe   look   into   better   options   the   top   doesn   t   move   that   well   so   it   s   a   little   crazy   trying   to   get   it   adjusted   on   your   clients   head ,   knobs   feel   cheap   also
three   stars   it   s   ok ,   powerful ,   but   the   hot   setting   is   too   hot   and   you   can   t   turn   it   down   much .
five   stars   my   wife   is   very   happy   with   her   new   blow   dryer
very   good !   this   model   does   not   have   the   ion   feature .   i   like   that ,   but   i   don   t   use   it   to   dry   hair .
and   it   smelled   like   wires   were   burning   do   not   order   this   product !   my   first   one   lasted   6   months   the   fan   quit   working   and   it   almost   caught   fire ..   returned   it   for   an   exchange .   they   sent   me   an   opened   item   with   visible   marks ,   etc .   guess   what   the   same   issue   again ..   no   fan ,   and   it   smelled   like   wires   were   burning .   i   have   no   desire   to   return   or   deal   with   andis .   this   product   is   dangerous   and   as   far   as   i   am   concerned ,   it   is   not   merchantable .   do   yourself   a   favor ,   stay   away   from   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   absolutely   no   good .
ive   been   blowdrying   my   hair   for   years   why   didn   t   i   ...   ive   been   blowdrying   my   hair   for   years   why   didn   t   i   buy   this   sooner   !   it   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time
soft   hair   as   my   first   dryer ,   i   find   it   very   nice   and   efficient .   it   takes   about   40   mins   to   thoroughly   dry   my   hair   which   holds   alot   of   water   with   rollers   in .   i   also   think   that   it   leaves   my   hair   soft  
exceptional   dryer   exceptional   dryer ... i   love   this   hair   dryer !   br   it   is   quiet ,   really   quiet   for   a   powerful   dryer .   it   s   comfortable   to   use   hold .   br   i   am   really   glad   i   chose   this   one .   there   is   nothing   negative   for   me   to   say .   br   i   am   very   happy   with   this   purchase   and   highly   recommend   the   ovente   x3 .
great   seller !   shipped   as   promised !   would   definitely   recommend !   great   seller !   shipped   as   promised !   would   definitely   recommend !
love   it !   i   use   it   to   dry   my   hair   2x   faster   than   with   my   old   dryer ,   a   lot   of   volume .   love   it !
easy   replacement   i   ve   used   this   band   of   hair   dryers   of   15   years   now .   they   are   well   made   and   do   last   a   long   time .   i   m   on   my   third   one .   they   are   very   easy   to   replace .   just   remove   the   hair   dryer   and   cord   from   the   new   one   and   place   on   the   wall   holder   and   plug   in .   no   need   to   pull   the   unit   base   from   the   wall   and   mar   your   paint   or   paper .
two   stars   on   the   mid   speed   it   wasn   t   hot   enough .   i   returned   it .
my   granddaughter   recommended   this   item   and   it   works   great   my   granddaughter   recommended   this   item   and   it   works   great !   the   only   problem   i   had   is   on   the   very   end   the   teeth   of   the   comb   messed   up .
shorts   out .   had   this   for   6   months   has   been   shorting   out   pretty   much   from   the   beginning ,   i   think   it   has   a   30   day   return   policy ...
it   feels   sturdy   and   works   well   it   feels   sturdy   and   works   well .   the   air   doesn   t   come   out   as   powerfully   as   my   hairdryer   before   but   it   still   get   the   job   done   pretty   well .   i   like   the   3   heat   settings .   the   buttons   are   in   a   little   bit   of   a   weird   place   for   me ,   when   i   hold   it   up   while   blowing   my   hair   dry   sometimes   i   accidentally   hit   the   heat   setting .   there   s   not   a   lot   of   open   gripping   space .
excellent   product ,   works   fine .   recomended   excellent   product ,   works   fine .   recomended
great   dryer   it   is   easy   to   use   and   dried   hair   fast .
great   product   quick   delivery ,   great   price .
excellent   product !   excellent   product !
awesome   awesome   hair   dryer .   dries   my   hair   faster   than   other   dryers   i   have   used .   i   have   the   matching   flat   iron   too .   great   products .
the   3   speeds   and   3   heat   settings   are   nice .   the   low   was   quiet   to   use   the   3   speeds   and   3   heat   settings   are   nice .   the   low   was   quiet   to   use .   a   bit   34   heavy   34   , but   like   the   3   heat .
two   stars   not   the   best   dryer   for   fine   hair .   will   return   it .
for   me   this   hairdryer   is   a   little   heavy   and   takes   ...   for   me   this   hairdryer   is   a   little   heavy   and   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair   than   i   expected .   it   s   just   okay .
love   the   night   light   dries   faster   than   i   expected .   cools   off   quickly   with   the   side   mount   hanging .   love   the   night   light .   just   enough   light .
one   major   flaw   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   with   one   major   flaw   from   my   standpoint .   it   does   a   great   job   of   drying   my   thick ,   coarse   and   frizzy   hair   in   a   short   period   of   time   and   without   as   much   frizz   as   other   hair   dryers ,   even   my   previous   conair .   i   was   pleasantly   surprised   that   it   is   quite   lightweight .   my   major   concern   with   it   is   that   the   finger   control   to   turn   it   on   and   to   high ,   low   and   off   is   very   cheaply   constructed   and   designed .   my   previous   conair   dryer   was   easy   to   maneuver   with   my   thumb   but   this   has   been   redesigned   to   look   sleek   but   not   have   enough   gripping   surface ,   especially   when   you   have   hair   produce   on   your   hands .   i   often   find   myself   using   my   opposite   hand   to   try   to   nudge   it   upward   and   have   almost   broken   the   control   off   with   my   short   fingernail   in   the   process .   i   much   preferred   the   lever   control   of   my   old   dryer   and   will   be   interested   in   seeing   how   well   this   control   stands   the   test   of   time .
good   value   great   dryer !   i   bought   this   after   trying   a   remington   dryer   at   a   friend   s   house .   i   was   so   impressed   with   the   speed   and   fluffiness   of   my   hair   that   i   just   had   to   have   one .   it   was   then   that   i   learned   that   all   hair   dryers   are   not   the   same .   br   br   this   remington   dryer   dries   my   hair   twice   as   fast   as   my   old   one   and   the   attachment   allows   me   to   concentrate   heat   where   i   want   it ,   so   i   don   t   get   the   frizzies .   br   br   this   is   the   professional   version   of   my   friend   s   dryer .   it   is   noticeably   heavier ,   and   probably   not   necessary   for   a   2   person   household .   on   the   other   hand ,   it   will   probably   last   forever .   br   br   it   s   dark   brown   with   light   pink   buttons ,   which   is   aesthetically   pleasing ,   but   had   no   real   impact   on   my   choosing   this   model .
five   stars   excellent   purchase .   materials   are   a   little   bit   cheap ,   but   it   seems   pretty   solid   in   case   it   drops .
worth   the   money   unless   you   re   looking   for   quiet   does   a   great   job   drying   but   it   is   loud   and   heavy   compared   to   what   i   m   used   to .   i   thought   my   old   dryer   was   loud   and   wanted   something   quieter   this   time   around .   believe   me   when   i   say   this   is   louder   than   most   dryers !   also ,   i   thought   the   nozzle   on   it   was   long   so   i   have   to   hold   the   dryer   farther   away   than   with   my   older   dryer .   it   takes   some   getting   used   to .
what   a   difference   in   my   hair !   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned . love   the   cool   setting . it   makes   my   fine   straight   hair   shiny   and   silky   but   still   gives   it   volumn . i   dry   it   part   way   on   the   medium   setting   and   finish   with   the   cool . it   takes   a   little   longer   to   dry   but   my   hair   looks   amazing . four   stars   only   because   for   me   the   extra   long   cord   is   way   longer   than   i   need . i   can   see   where   it   would   be   useful   to   a   lot   of   people   though . nice   weight   for   anyone   that   has   issues   with   arthritis   or   tendonitis   like   i   do . throw   out   your   drug   store   hair   dryers   and   make   the   investment . you   wont   be   sorry .
really   good   product   for   someone   who   cannot   get   to   salon   bought   this   for   an   elderly   neighbor   who   does   not   do   very   br   much   outside   her   home   br   she   replaced   her   broken   down   model   with   it   br   so   i   was   happy   to   help   her   out   br   much   appreciated
great   value .   great   value   and   excels   our   expectations .   convenient ,   priced   right   and   a   perfect   addition   to   our   bathroom !
...   size   but   the   plastic   gets   very   warm   and   seems   like   it   could   be   a   hazard   after   prolonged   use   packs   power   for   its   size   but   the   plastic   gets   very   warm   and   seems   like   it   could   be   a   hazard   after   prolonged   use .
five   stars   very   nice   and   like   the   filter   cover .
awesome   best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   had
five   stars   great   backup   hair   dryer   for   my   guest   bathroom .
five   stars   hasn   t   broken   yet .   blows   hot   air .   review   over .
five   stars   small   enough   for   travel   and   does   the   job .
works   great   this   thing   is   great .   i   mounted   it   in   our   bathroom   and   my   wife   quit   using   her   hair   dryer   at   her   make   up   station   and   starting   using   this   one   instead .   the   nightlight   is   a   nice   bonus   feature .   there   are   no   heat   settings .   the   default   heat   setting   i   would   say   is   medium .   it   is   not   quiet ,   but   i   don   t   think   it   is   louder   than   other   hair   dryers .   i   think   it   is   a   bit   higher   pitched   probably   from   the   compact   design .   nothing   is   removable   so   i   don   t   think   we   ll   be   needing   to   replace   any   parts .   i   would   buy   another   one   if   i   needed   one .
love   the   rubberized   exterior   which   makes   handling   easier   i   wasn   t   expecting   too   much   from   the   price   but   i   definitely   got   my   money   s   worth .   i   had   an   old   dryer   and   this   was   much   lighter   and   more   quiet .   it   also   has   dried   my   hair   faster ,   even   on   the   low   heat   setting .   love   the   rubberized   exterior   which   makes   handling   easier .   great   purchase   and   would   recommend   it   to   a   friend .
great !   works   great   and   dries   my   hair   really   fast !   i   have   long ,   medium   thickness   hair   and   this   does   the   trick .   love   the   different   heat   settings   and   how   it   doesn   t   just   have   a   cool   button ,   but   an   actual   cool   setting .   only   thing   is   i   wish   this   came   with   a   diffuse   attachment ...
four   stars   too   noisy .
four   stars   great   so   far ,   no   real   complaints .   works   perfectly .
it   really   worked !   this   simple ,   inexpensive   little   gadget   was   perfect   for   travel .   br   it   did   precisely   what   it   was   supposed   to ,   despite   some   of   the   br   troublesome   negative   reviews .   it   stuck   fast   to   several   mirrors   br   over   the   course   of   my   trip   and   enabled   me   to   style   my   hair   br   easily .   i   used   a   fairly   lightweight   travel   sized   blower   baby   liss   br   which   it   supported   with   ease .
five   stars   perfecto
five   stars   this   hair   dryer   is   awesome   !   br   i   got   it   quick   too   !   br   great   seller   !   highly   recommend  
four   stars   works   find ,   just   hope   it   lasts   longer   than   my   previous   hair   dryer !
good   dryer   i   purchased   this   dryer   to   cut   down   on   noise   it   did   the   trick .   much   less   noisy   than   my   previous   hair   dryer .   i   like   the   look   of   it   darkish   brown ,   with   pale   pink   trim   .   it   is   not   a   light   weight   dryer .   if   i   had   long   hair ,   i   think   my   arm   would   start   to   get   tired !   i   like   the   switch   location   near   where   your   fingers   go .
just   buy   it ! ! ! !   i   really   love   everything   about   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   fast ,   has   lots   of   settings ,   and   black   with   pink   trim .   it   is   a   little   heavy ,   but   it   works   so   well   i   don   t   care .   i   am   thinking   my   old ,   cheaper   hairdryers   were   too   light   and   could   not   get   the   job   done .   this   cost   a   little   more ,   but   i   am   totally   happy   with   it .   get   one !
great ,   affordable ,   easy   to   use   this   dryer   was   affordable   and   has   held   up   very   well .   i   use   the   flow   narrowing   attachment   and   even   with   daily   use ,   i   notice   my   hair   is   much   smoother   and   shiner ,   and   has   less   damage ,   than   every   before .   i   ve   been   using   this   dryer   for   over   a   year   without   a   problem   and   really   love   it .   br   br   edited   to   add   i   have   now   been   using   this   dryer   for   two   years   and   it   works   just   as   well   as   when   i   first   bought   it .   i   would   buy   again   if   i   needed   to   replace   it .
five   stars   i   also   started   using   this   as   my   main   hair   dryer .
five   stars   powerful   and   small   enough   to   travel   with
love   it   it   works   great ,   love   it   and   recommend   to   use   and   have   at   home
when   it   didn   t   roar   like   my   old   one   i   thought   i   had   bought   a   ...   in   with   the   new ,   out   with   the   old !   at   first ,   when   it   didn   t   roar   like   my   old   one   i   thought   i   had   bought   a   dud ,   but   then   it   worked   faster ,   with   less   heat ,   and   less   air .   i   love   it .   i   only   wish   it   had   a   retractable   cord .
great   for   travel   or   every   day   use   at   home   this   is   a   great   little   hair   dryer .   it   is   the   third   one   i   have   purchased .   i   use   it   at   home   as   my   regular   hair   dryer   due   to   the   light   weight   yet   great   power .   i   gave   one   to   a   family   member   for   their   guest   bathroom   and   recently   gave   one   to   a   friend   for   her   guest   bathroom .   br   br   it   is   compact   and   sturdy ,   light   in   weight   yet   powerful   at   1600   watts .   it   has   a   low   and   a   high   setting .   it   is   a   very   good   size   to   pack   for   travel ,   and   even   has   dual   voltage .   br   br   i   really   like   this   little   hair   dryer   and   recommend   it .
great ! !   my   wife   loves   this   blowdryer ! !
five   stars   love   this   dryer
switch   is   very   flimsy   the   5   star   reviews   are   a   bit   of   a   stretch .   i   ve   had   a   vidal   sassoon   dryer   for   almost   15   years   now   and   i   thought   maybe   i   should   step   into   the   21st   century .   honestly   this   tourmaline   stuff   didn   t   make   a   difference   in   my   hair .   my   hair   is   usually   very   shiny   but   this   dryer   dulled   it   for   some   reason .   i   do   like   the   gripy   texture   and   the   color   scheme   is   cute ,   it   s   much   darker   in   person .   it   would   ve   been   better   as   a   grey   color .   i   ll   probably   air   dry   my   hair   mostly   and   finish   up   the   rest   of   the   moisture   with   this .   the   worst   part   about   this   dryer   really   is   the   switch .   i   mean   they   seriously   couldn   t   see   this   design   flaw   and   couldn   t   make   it   more   basic   and   sturdy   the   switch   shakes   around   and   feels   like   it   s   about   to   break   off .   anyway ,   i   was   going   to   return   it   but   didn   t   want   to   go   through   all   the   trouble .
five   stars   perfect   for   travel   and   everyday   use .
well   worth   the   money   excellent   hair   dryer !   i   was   sceptical   that   a   hair   dryer   could   would   be   infused   with   argan   oil ,   as   the   package   claimed ,   but   i   could   actually   smell   the   oil   the   first   time   i   used   it   and   my   hair   looks   like   i   just   left   the   salon .   it   s   a   bit   heavy   and   awkward   to   hold   but   it   s   definitely   worth   it !   i   would   recommend   this   to   a   friend .
a   fabulous   hand   dryer !   totally   great !   love   the   heat   settings   and   i   can   dry   my   hair   with   a   light   heat   protectant   without   my   hair   drying   out !   i   plan   to   buy   another   one   in   a   few   months   just   in   case   they   raise   the   price ,   discontinue   , change   it   or   mine   stops   working .   it   is   such   a   great   dryer   at   a   wonderful   price !
she   said   it   is   the   best   blow   dryer   she   has   used   and   people   often   ask   ...   my   daughter   is   a   professional   hair   stylist   and   this   was   given   to   her   as   a   gift .   she   said   it   is   the   best   blow   dryer   she   has   used   and   people   often   ask   where   did   she   get   them .
five   stars   the   best   for   my   family .
five   stars   best   hair   dryer   i   have   had ! !
not   the   best   i   went   out   of   my   way   to   spend   a   long   time   looking   at   different   reviews   to   find   the   most   economical   but   high   quality   hair   dryer   i   could   find .   this   one   seemed   ok   on   price   and   the   reviews   looked   good .   all   excited   to   finally   used   it ,   i   turn   it   on   and   within   10   seconds   it   goes   to   this   weird   sounding   low   setting .   i   thought   i   must   have   switched   it   to   low   on   accident   until   i   double   checked   and   i   didn   t .   then   it   went   back   to   the   normal   high   setting   but   every   time   i   tried   pointing   it   towards   my   hair   it   would   switch   back   to   the   low   setting   with   in   5   10   seconds .   it   took   me   three   times   as   long   to   blow   dry   my   hair   where   it   came   out   all   nice   and   frizzy   even   when   using   a   round   brush   .   the   hot   setting   when   it   did   decide   to   be   hot   big   reason   i   bought   this   wasn   t   very   hot   either   which   probably   caused   more   frizz   .   this   low   quality   defective   hair   dryer   was   not   worth   buying .
didn   t   last   long ...   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   less   than   two   months   ago   and   it   has   stopped   blowing   hot   air .   i   tried   cleaning   it ,   adjusting   the   settings ,   and   pressing   the   34   test   34   and   34   reset   34   buttons   on   the   plug .   very   disappointing !
so   far   so   good .   no   complaints   as   such   so   far   so   good .   no   complaints   as   such .   the   only   hassle   is   the   grey   plastic   knob   which   is   used   to   increase   the   heat   of   the   hot   air   which   seems   very   fragile   to   work   with .   otherwise ,   no   issues   with   the   dryer .   works   good .   easy   operation   and   very   simple !
dont   expect   it   to   last   much   past   the   warrantee ...   these   seem   to   work   up   until   a   couple   of   months   after   warrantee   expires   in   one   year .   . am   ordering   my   third   so   i   don   t   have   to   fix   the   holes   in   my   tile   wall   for   a   new   backplate   that   may   not   cover   it .
five   stars   a  
five   stars   best   christmas   gift   ever ! ! !   strong   power   and   can   blow   hair   in   1   2   the   time !   absolutely   love   it ! ! !
take   my   breath   away   make   my   hair   style   look   good   all   day
broken   and   didn   t   work   right   out   of   box .   when   i   received   the   dryer   it   was   broken .   i   was   unable   to   change   the   speed   of   the   dryer   from   high   to   low   or   use   the   burst   of   air .   the   button   was   broken .   i   returned   the   dryer .
five   stars   good   product !
three   stars   basic   dryer   , no   expectations   beyond   the   one   you   had   previously
five   stars   excelent
perfect   just   what   i   wanted .   small ,   but   powerfull .
no   cool   button .   the   packaging   was   torn   and   taped   back   ...   no   cool   button .   the   packaging   was   torn   and   taped   back   together .   i   am   pretty   sure   i   was   given   a   returned   item .   i   had   a   different   model   of   this   same   brand   and   it   lasted   7   years .   i   was   very   happy   with   it .   i   used   this   one   four   times   and   it   stopped   working .   i   can   not   find   any   help   with   returns   or   exchanges .   this   company   seems   like   a   scam .
still   doing   my   happy   dance   over   this   purchase !   i   am   pleasantly   surprised   by   my   effortless   shopping   experience .   i   was   a   bit   leery   after   reading   a   few   reviews   where   customers   had   a   hard   time   contacting   the   seller   or   getting   satisfaction   after   receiving   defective   items   but   i   took   a   leap   of   faith   since   the   complaints   were   few   and   ordered   my   dryer .   it   came   four   days   early !   although   it   came   in   two   separate   boxes ,   installation   was   a   snap   even   with   the   minimal   directions   that   were   included .   there   is   a   slight   burning   smell   when   the   dryer   is   first   turned   on ,   but   like   most   new   electrical   appliances ,   it   soon   fades   away .   this   dryer   gets   very   hot   which   i   love .   i   had   to   lower   the   thermostat   after   a   few   minutes .   the   actual   hood   is   larger   than   i   expected   and   i   did   worry   that   it   would   be   top   heavy   but   so   far   i   haven   t   had   any   problems .   my   sister ,   who   has   locs ,   was   impressed .   this   dryer   completely   dried   her   hair   in   about   30   minutes   and   she   usually   has   to   sit   for   more   than   an   hour   to   ensure   that   her   hair   is   thoroughly   dry .
five   stars   really   handy   to   use .   and   the   pink   color   makes   my   day  
a   great   dryer   for   wavy   hair   i   had   a   hair   dryer   with   a   retractable   cord   back   in   the   mid   80s   and   i   ve   been   looking   for   a   replacement   to   love   as   much   as   i   loved   that   one   ever   since   it   died   after   7   years   of   service .   this   is   an   excellent   hair   dryer   that   gives   a   good   flow   of   air .   i   don   t   like   a   dryer   that   gets   too   hot ,   and   i   was   pleased   that   even   the   high   setting   doesn   t   get   so   hot   that   i   feel   like   it   s   trying   to   bake   my   hair   rather   than   dry   it .   the   low   setting   is   great   for   setting   my   wavy   hair   during   the   final   moments   of   drying .   it   has   a   good   weight   that   is   substantial   without   being   cumbersome   and   a   good   sized   grip .   my   hair   is   prone   to   static   and   this   unit   doesn   t   induce   that   unpleasant   state .   i   had   high   expectations   for   the   andis   rc   2   ionic1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer   with   folding   handle   and   retractable   cord   and   it   didn   t   disappoint   me .
i   don   t   care   for   the   toggle   switch   that   goes   between   ...   i   don   t   care   for   the   toggle   switch   that   goes   between   low   and   high .   it   s   right   next   to   another   one   and   is   really   flat ,   just   hard   to   use .   also ,   there   is   a   big   difference   between   low   and   high .   i   wish   there   was   something   more   in   between .
conair   hair   dryer   really   like   this   dryer .   good   settings   and   it   has   a   defusior   for   curly   hair   br   ..
two   stars   didn   t   work   very   long .
full   functioning ,   yet   compact   enough   for   traveling   cheap ,   but   powerful   enough   to   get   the   job   done !   it   is   smaller   than   a   regular   sized   hair   dryer   that   most   people   use   at   home ,   but   it   is   larger   than   those   super   compact   travel   hair   dryers .   however ,   i   will   be   using   this   on   my   travels   instead   of   those   compact   ones   because   of   its   power   and   multiple   settings .
two   stars   totally   not   worth   the   money .   nothing   special   about   it .
i   liked   it   so   much   i   liked   it   so   much   ...   the   size   is   small   and   very   good   materials   ..   i   strongly   advice   any   one   who   is   looking   for   hair   dryer   to   buy   it   five   stars   ...
five   stars   compact   and   powerful
works   great .   we   actually   used   this   in   a   hotel   and   ...   works   great .   we   actually   used   this   in   a   hotel   and   loved   it   so   much   we   wrote   down   exactly   what   it   was   and   ordered   one   for   home .   very   happy ... and   the   price   is   great !
too   heavy   i   didn   t   even   plug   in   the   hairdryer   and   try   it   because   it   was   way   too   heavy .   there   s   no   way   i   could   hold   this   thing   for   more   than   1   minute .
five   stars   very   good
didn   t   work   for   me   unfortunately ,   i   cannot   give   this   item   an   accurate   review .   i   did   receive   it   timely .   the   item   worked   perfectly   at   home ,   however ,   when   i   arrived   in   ireland   the   first   thing   i   did   was   to   plug   it   in   to   see   if   it   worked   and   i   don   t   know   what   happened   from   that   point .   it   seemed   to   lock   into   high   speed   and   i   could   not   move   it   so   it   blew   out   instantly .   i   had   to   throw   it   out   right   there   and   then .   you   have   to   use   it   on   low   speed   but ,   i   could   not   turn   it   off   or   move   it   to   low   speed .   it   started   smoking   and   out   it   went .   i   m   just   grateful   that   nothing   more   serious   happened .
one   star   says   quiet   on   description   however   it   was   the   loudest   hair   dryer   ever !   they   should   remove   quiet   from   the   description !
hair   dryer   i   like   it ,   but   i   have   trouble   keeping   the   bonnet   attached   to   the   hose .
easy   to   carry   on   vacation   or   just   for   an   overnight   ...   all   women   should   have   one .   easy   to   carry   on   vacation   or   just   for   an   overnight   visit .   works   great  
five   stars   arrived   in   good   condition
it   is   kind   to   my   thinning   hair   i   m   65   and   easy   to   handle   this   is   exactly   what   i   wanted .   it   is   kind   to   my   thinning   hair   i   m   65   and   easy   to   handle .   i   love   the   retractable   cord .
five   stars   its   great
this   hair   dryer   has   got   great   power !   it   takes   me   less   time   to   blow   ...   this   hair   dryer   has   got   great   power !   br   it   takes   me   less   time   to   blow   out   my   hair   now .   love   it !
excellent   dryer   excellent   hair   dryer !   the   stores   do   not   carry   a   compact   folding   retractable   dryer   like   this   one !
last   resort   the   teeth   of   the   comb   are   way   too   small   and   i   feel   like   l   m   really   damaging   pulling   out   my   hair   when   i   blow   dry   it .   if   i   blow   dryer   smaller   sections   it   will   take   all   day .   i   have   thick   afro   hair   so   i   think   i   need   a   higher   end   blow   dryer .
five   stars   this   hairdryer   is   great   for   the   price ,   very   happy   with   it   and   would   definitely   recommend   it ! !
great   little   travel   hair   dryer .   i   purchased   this   for   traveling ,   and   like   that   it   has   both   diffuser   and   concentrator   attachments .   i   wish   it   had   a   cool   setting   but   i   can   live   without   it   for   he   price   i   paid   although   i   see   it   s   come   down   in   price   a   little   bit   which   makes   it   a   better   value .   the   storage   pouch   is   very   handy   to   keep   counters   less   cluttered .   i   checked   out   some   mini   hairdryers   that   cost   up   to   5   times   as   much   no   way   for   something   i   may   use   3   times   in   a   year .   br   br   i   just   wish   t   had   a   flat   diffuser   without   the   34   teeth   34   i   used   to   have   that   kind   and   prefer   it .
don   t   waste   your   ,   conair   amazon   should   be   ashamed   to   sell   this   product   don   t   buy   this   hair   dryer ! ! ! ! !   buy   11   worth   of   lottery   tickets ,   donate   the   11   to   charity ,   buy   ice   cream ,   anything   else ....   just   don   t   waste   your   money   on   this   junk ! ! ! ! !   br   br   honestly ,   i   loved   this   little   dryer   for   6   weeks   just   after   the   return   period   ended   ,   now   i   have   to   throw   it   in   the   garbage !   the   only   issue   i   had   with   it   when   it   was   working   was   actually   just   an   inconvenience   design   flaw   as   another   reviewer   said   the   buttons   are   on   the   inside   of   the   handle   and   are   the   toggle   style .   you   have   to   hold   it   just   right   so   you   don   t   turn   it   off   or   change   the   heat   setting .   br   br   then   it   died   dead ,   dead ,   dead !   br   br   i   was   amazed   that   this   hair   dryer   could   sell   for   11 ,   it   even   comes   with   a   diffuser   and   other   accessories .   i   only   used   the   dryer   every   other   day   for   6   weeks   so   about   21   times   for   about   5   10   minutes   max   each   time ...   i   thought   i   was   getting   a   cheap   dryer ,   but   overall   it   was   very   expensive   if   i   bought   a   new   11   dryer   every   six   weeks ,   that   would   be   over   100   year   i   could   spend   half   that   on   a   really   nice   hair   dryer   that   would   last   years !   br   br   the   return   policy   expired   but   i   could   mail   it   to   conair   12   postage   along   with   a   check   for   7.00   and   then   wait   weeks   for   them   to   decide   if   they   wanted   to   repair   it   or   replace   it   maybe   they   would ,   maybe   they   wouldn   t   .   so ,   then   i   would   have   30   into   a   hair   dryer   that ,   if   they   choose   to   replace   it ,   would   be   replaced   with   the   same   junk   that   would   last   another   few   weeks   i   am   not   that   stupid ,   i   will   cut   my   losses   at   11 .   br   br   i   know   that   so   many   other   people   have   had   the   same   problem   with   the   short   lifespan   of   this   dryer   i   wish   i   had   taken   the   time   to   read   all   the   reviews .   br   br   conair   amazon   should   stop   selling   these   items ,   they   know   they   are   junk   that   s   why   they   offer   them   so   cheap   that   people   are   going   to   buy   them   because   they   are   so   cheap .   conair   doesn   t   have   to   worry   that   anyone   would   be   stupid   enough   to   take   them   up   on   their   warranty   and   flushanother   20   down   the   toilet   and   amazon ,   must   figure   that   most   of   the   dryers   will   work   long   enough   that   it   isn   t   their   problem !
five   stars   good   .
five   stars   pro   quality   hair   dryer .   same   model   as   used   by   wife   s   hair   stylist .
five   stars   very   good
packs   a   punch !   this   thing   is   seriously   tiny !   so   tiny   but   boy   does   it   pack   a   punch .   hot   air   and   blows   as   much   as   any   conventional   sized   blow   dryer .   i   am   so   happy   with   this   hairdryer   i   d   recommend   it   to   anyone .
i   love   this   powerful   little   dryer   but   the   one   drawback   is   ...   i   love   this   powerful   little   dryer   but   the   one   drawback   is   the   warm   setting   can   only   be   used   on   low .
five   stars   excellent   product !
five   stars   excellent   product
but   dryer   works   fine !   item   ok   cord   does   not   always   retract   as   it   is   suppose   to ... but   dryer   works   fine !
five   stars   working   perfect .
not   good   for   medium   to   long   hair .   does   not   work   with   longer   hair .   the   blow   dryer   sucks   the   hair   in   thru   the   fan   and   can   burn   it   and   cause   damage .   that   s   what   happened   to   me   and   my   daughter   who   both   have   long   hair .
five   stars   i   guess   i   should   say   34   mom   loves   it   34   .   met   her   needs   perfectly .
beware ,   only   works   on   low   setting   at   240v   beware ,   it   doesn   t   work   on   high   when   switched   to   240   volts .   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   to   travel   abroad .   i   tested   it   at   home   as   soon   as   it   arrived   at   110   volts   us   and   i   loved   it .   i   was   impressed   at   how   powerful   the   high   speed   setting   was   for   a   travel   hair   dryer .   since   i   was   headed   to   europe   i   switched   to   240   volts   and   put   it   inside   my   suitcase .   once   i   arrived   at   my   hotel   i   was   very   disappointed   to   find   out ,   that   once   you   switch   to   240v   you   cannot   flip   the   power   switch   to   high ,   you   must   try   to   dry   your   hair   on   the   low   setting   which   is   no   better   than   the   hotel   hair   dryer .   at   first   i   thought   it   was   just   bad   luck   and   went   to   try   out   my   daughter   s   dryer   i   purchased   two   of   these   dryers   since   i   was   traveling   with   four   teenage   girls   .   their   s   did   the   same .   you   can   verify   this   at   home ,   just   put   it   on   240v   and   try   to   switch   it   to   high   with   the   dryer   unplugged ,   you   ll   see   that   the   switch   won   t   move .   you   can   only   go   from   off   to   low .   if   you   are   happy   with   the   power   at   the   low   setting   and   your   hotel   doesn   t   provide   a   hair   dryer ,   them   this   is   better   than   nothing ,   otherwise   don   t   even   bother   taking   up   space   in   your   suit   case   to   carry   this   dryer ,   you   are   better   of   just   using   the   one   the   hotel   provides .
five   stars   this   is   a   must   have ! ! !   can   t   thank   you   enough !
great   great .   basic   hair   dryer   but   it   does   a   great   job   and   has   all   the   connectors .   worth   the   buy
this   is   a   great   little   unit   and   much   nicer   than   it   s   predecessor   purchased   to   replace   an   older   model   that   finally   died .   this   is   a   great   little   unit   and   much   nicer   than   it   s   predecessor .
and   product   is   vry   good ,   worse   for   the   dollar   spend   first   purcahse   with   the   seller ,   delivery   to   canada   is   about   2.5   weeks ,   and   product   is   vry   good ,   worse   for   the   dollar   spend .
very   good   item .   i   bought   this   to   replace   the   exact   same   one   i   had   purchased   15   years   ago .   the   old   one   just   stopped   working   on   the   high   setting ,   but   still   works   on   low .   very   handy ,   nice   design   with   the   night   light   feature ,   keeps   the   hair   dryer   out   of   the   way .   i   was   happy   to   find   the   exact   same   item   i   got   a   good   15   years   worth   of   use   out   of   the   old   one ,   so   i   can   t   complain .
short   lived   died   after   only   a   dozen   or   less   uses .   smoke   and   electrical   smell   from   unit .
exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   this   is   a   very   nice   compact   foldable   hand   held   dryer .   there   are   two   heat   settings   and   the   power   is   just   perfect   for   my   application   which   is   simply   to   have   an   on   hand   portable   dryer   to   dry   clothes   when   i   travel .   i   occasionally   need   to   hand   wash   a   few   clothing   items   in   hotels   when   out   on   the   road   and   this   is   perfect   for   this   mission .
the   dryer   arrived   in   good   condition   due   to   being   carefully   wrapped   the   dryer   arrived   in   good   condition   due   to   being   carefully   wrapped .   it   was   exactly   as   described .   the   only   thing   i   found   that   was   br   a   slight   negative   is   that   it   is   heavier   than   i   expected .
works   well   but   loud   its   not   as   good   as   the   ones   in   the   hair   salons   but   it   does   the   job .   i   have   long   curly   hair   and   i   m   under   the   dryer   for   about   70   minutes .   only   negative   is   that   its   very   loud .   i   get   banished   to   another   room   when   drying   my   hair   as   to   not   disturb   the   rest   of   my   family .
gets   very   hot   and   has   a   great   design .   this   is   durable ,   gets   very   hot   and   has   a   great   design .
five   stars   it   s   small   and   works   just   fine .
five   stars   i   love   my   hair   dryer   and   the   delivery   was   as   stated   time   frame   .
best   blow   dryer ! !   works   great !   so   much   more   power   and   heat   than   my   old   blow   dryer .   not   heavy   at   all ,   average   weight   probably .   i   love   it ! ! !
one   of   the   best !   this   is   a   much   better   hair   dryer   that   i   have   ever   used .   it   is   light ,   and   has   several   options   to   use .   love   the   retractable   cord .   stores   easily !
five   stars   awesome   product ,   very   user   friendly   and   compact   for   traveling .   my   wife   loves   it !
four   stars   good   dryer
good   product   great   product ,   works   well   and   is   fairly   quiet .   came   with   a   diffuser .   would   recommend .
mediocre   this   hair   dryer   is   not   as   strong   as   i   was   hoping .   it   s   ordinary .   it   was   cheap   enough   so   i   won   t   bother   returning   it .
the   best   hair   drier !   the   best   hair   drier   i   ve   ever   bought !   it   was   recommended   to   me   by   my   hairstylist !   it   s   fast   but   gentle   at   the   same   time   !   just   fab !
i   mounted   it   in   my   motorhome   and   i   love   that   i   can   remove   it   to   take   with   me   ...   everything   i   wanted .   i   mounted   it   in   my   motorhome   and   i   love   that   i   can   remove   it   to   take   with   me   if   i   m   using   a   public   shower .   just   what   i   was   looking   for .
five   stars   good
terrific !   my   hair   stylist   recently   showed   me   how   to   get   my   wavy   hair   to   be   a   bit   more   curly   by   finger   styling   my   hair   and   then   sitting   under   a   hood   dryer .   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   and   it   worked   faster   and   better   than   the   salon   dryer !   i   sit   under   it   for   about   4   minutes   and   my   hair   is   dry   enough   to   hold   whatever   style   i   give   it .   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   so   having   it   dry   this   quickly   is   terrific .   how   nice   it   will   be   to   have   dry   hair   every   morning   this   winter !   br   br   the   service   was   fast   and   the   packaging   was   appropriate .   a   totally   positive   experience .
she   loves   it .   bought   this   for   my   wife   and   she   loves   it .   she   says   it   works   better   than   any   other   hair   dryer   she   has   ever   owned .   my   wife   is   happy ,   so   i   am   happy .
four   stars   nice
seems   to   dry   her   hair   fast   way   faster   than   the   one   we   replaced   and   all   the   various   settings   makes   it   great   for   other   uses   lik   my   wife   really   loves   this   hair   dryer .   seems   to   dry   her   hair   fast   way   faster   than   the   one   we   replaced   and   all   the   various   settings   makes   it   great   for   other   uses   like   spot   drying   clothes ,   drying   off   the   kid ,   etc .   .
i   didn   t   use   it   yet   but   i   hope   it   will   be   good   because   i   had   good   experience   with   remington   products   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   as   spare .   you   don   t   know   when   the   old   one   will   stop   working .   i   didn   t   use   it   yet   but   i   hope   it   will   be   good   because   i   had   good   experience   with   remington   products .
five   stars   love   it   love   it !
love   this   hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   good   weight .   i   have   coarse   wavy   hair   that   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   this   hair   dryer   does   a   better   than   average   job   of   drying   my   hair   quickly
five   stars   love ,   love ,   love   it !   very   cute   and   compact .   in   love   with   the   color .
five   stars   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   dries   my   hair   fast !
five   stars   love   this   blow   dyer
it   does   a   great   job ,   is   easy   to   use   and   dependable   i   needed   a   new   hairdryer .   the   report   on   this   one   was   very   accurate .   it   does   a   great   job ,   is   easy   to   use   and   dependable .   i   can   also   take   it   to   shows   and   vacations
buyer   beware ......   i   purchased   ...   buyer   beware ......   i   purchased   this   march   2014   originally   gave   it   5   stars   review   however ,   in   less   than   4   months   the   fan   in   the   unit   broke   into   many   pieces   causing   the   dryer   to   almost   catch   fire .   i   reached   out   to   the   seller   but   received   no   response .   i   had   purchased   this   one   because   i   had   had   a   wall   mount   similar   that   lasted   for   years .   i   have   since   ordered   a   conair   from   someone   else .
pretty   disappointing   since   the   retractable   cord   is   the   reason   i   ...   the   cord   does   not   retract .   i   ve   bought   this   blue   dryer   for   years   in   the   store   and   the   first   one   i   buy   online   doesn   t   work   the   same .   pretty   disappointing   since   the   retractable   cord   is   the   reason   i   buy   it   in   the   first   place .
five   stars   it   works   perfectly   and   i   can   take   it   everywhere   in   little   space .
five   stars   love   it   the   best   product !
five   stars   love   this   bonnet   dryer ,   so   convenient   and   easy   storage !
works   just   fine !   very   lightweight   blow   dryer ,   nothing   fancy ,   works   just   fine !
please   dont   trust   conair   products   conair   hair   dryers   are   the   worst .   it   will   work   well   for   few   months   and   then   it   will   stop   working .   when   i   asked   couple   of   friends   they   had   the   same   experience .   recently   i   bought   a   hair   dryer   for   34   and   after   8   months   it   stopped   working .   when   i   called   conair   for   warranty   they   asked   me   to   send   it   to   az   with   7   in   the   pack   to   send   it   from   az   to   ca .   please   dont   trust   conair .
good   hair   dryer   good   hair   dryer .   nice   weight ,   cord   good   length .   i   just   had   to   get   used   to   the   button   location ,   it   took   a   while   for   me   to   be   able   to   dry   my   hair   without   accidentally   hitting   the   off   button   accidentally .
disappointed   this   is   my   third   one   and   have   been   pleased   with   the   units   in   the   past .   this   unit   has   been   dramatically   changed   from   the   previous   units .   the   other   ones   had   sturdy   mounting   hardware   and   the   design   was   much   better .   this   new   unit   looks   to   be   constructed   rather   cheap .   br   we   like   the   light   in   the   units   but   the   last   one   didn   t   last   near   as   long   as   the   first   one .   i   have   yet   to   hang   and   use   this   new   one   due   to   the   fact   i   will   need   to   plug   holes   and   paint   before   i   install   it   since   the   mounting   is   totally   different .   br   i   intend   to   keep   the   unit   and   will   hang   it   in   another   bathroom   but   in   the   future   i   doubt   if   i   buy   another   andis .
five   stars   very   good  
five   stars   great   dryer ...   easy   to   assemble ,   heats   up   quick ,   heat   is   adjustable ,   mobile ,   works   like   a   charm ...   no   complaints !
great   price ,   good   dryer   hair   dryer   works   well   with   plenty   of   heat   and   air .   can   t   beat   the   price !   i   bought   it   to   heat   dry   electronics   that   may   have   gotten   wet   or   need   dust   blowed   out .
five   stars   the   hair   dryer   is   great   and   does   the   job   just   fine .   it   is   lightweight   and   travels   well .
not   too   bad !   lacks   essentiel   qualities   like   adjustability   of   the   height ,   temperature .   gets   very   hot   at   the   top   of   the   head   and   not   enough   at   the   sides .
please   dont   trust   conair   conair   hair   products   are   the   worst .   it   will   work   well   for   few   months   and   then   it   will   stop   working .   when   i   asked   couple   of   friends   they   had   the   same   experience .   recently   i   bought   a   hair   dryer   and   after   8   months   it   stopped   working .   when   i   called   conair   for   warranty   they   asked   me   to   send   it   to   az   with   7   in   the   pack .   please   dont   trust   conair .
dont   trust   conair   conair   hair   products   are   the   worst .   it   will   work   well   for   few   months   and   then   it   will   stop   working .   when   i   asked   couple   of   friends   they   had   the   same   experience .   recently   i   bought   a   hair   dryer   and   after   8   months   it   stopped   working .   when   i   called   conair   for   warranty   they   asked   me   to   send   it   to   az   with   7   in   the   pack   it   will   cost   me   20   .   please   dont   trust   conair .
very   good   product   with   a   good   price   i   have   an   andis   1875   blow   dryer   which   has   an   average   barrel   size .   this   diffuser   works   perfectly .   on   ocassion   the   diffuser   will   slip   off   but   not   often   enough   to   affect   the   rating   in   my   opinion .   i   like   that   this   diffuser   has   long   fingers   which   helps   to   grab   my   hair   as   i   blow   dry   upwards .   br   br   i   am   currently   learning   to   style   my   hair   deva   style .   while   i   never   use   heat   but   only   cool   air ,   i   m   afraid   i   do   not   know   if   this   product   is   capable   of   melting .   besides ,   if   you   are   using   a   diffuser   for   curly   hair ,   then   you   probably   will   not   be   using   heat .   br   br   i   use   it   daily   after   a   shower   and   i   do   not   have   any   complaints .   for   the   price ,   i   would   purchase   again   if   needed   but   it   s   pretty   sturdy .   i   don   t   forsee   ever   having   to   purchase   another .   if   it   fell   to   hit   the   floor   i   still   don   t   think   it   would   break   as   the   plastic   is   a   softer   type .
please   dont   trust   conair   conair   hair   products   are   the   worst .   it   will   work   well   for   few   months   and   then   it   will   stop   working .   when   i   asked   couple   of   friends   they   had   the   same   experience .   recently   i   bought   a   hair   dryer   and   after   8   months   it   stopped   working .   when   i   called   conair   for   warranty   they   asked   me   to   send   it   to   az   with   7   in   the   pack .   please   dont   trust   conair .
love   that   i   don   t   have   to   drag   the   blow   dryer   ...   love   that   i   don   t   have   to   drag   the   blow   dryer   out   every   morning .   its   there   and   ready   when   i   need   it .
just   ok .   it   s   cheap ,   not   that   great .   not   professional   but   it   will   work   for   probably   a   year   or   two .   the   buttons   are   not   good   because   they   are   plastic   sliders ,   and   will   probably   break   first .   i   notice   no   anti   frizz   with   this   versus   what   i   had   with   a   professional   one   that   broke   before .
excellent !   this   has   cut   my   drying   time   in   half !   it   s   a   bit   heavier   than   i   was   expecting   but   still   exceeded   expectations .
here   s   a   novel   idea ! !   read   the   reviews   before   ...   here   s   a   novel   idea ! !   read   the   reviews   before   you   buy   this   bomb ,   no   matter   how   cheap   it   is ! !   after   a   few   short   months ,   my   frizz   control   little   beauty   decided   to   sputter   and   spew   sparks   and   stink   up   the   entire   house   because   it   s   wiring   had   burned   out   completely .   i   m   just   very   thankful   that   my   hair   didn   t   catch   on   fire ! ! !   oh   well .... it   did   last   a   full   three   or   four   months  
five   stars   greatest   tool   for   natural   chicks
decent   hair   dryer .   was   looking   for   a   cheap ,   decent   hair   dryer   for   occasional   guests .   did   quite   a   bit   of   research   before   settling   on   this   one .   it   fits   the   bill .   recommended .
two   stars   not   very   impressed .
great   for   travel   great   for   travel ,   although   a   tad   heavy ,   but   works   like   a   full   size   dryer .   i   like   the   retractable   cord ,   but   it   does   take   a   bit   of   getting   used   to .   if   you   pull   away   when   you   are   drying   your   hair ,   it   will   partly   retract ,   but   it   just   takes   getting   used   to   your   surroundings   and   pulling   it   out   far   enough   to   start   with .   no   big   deal .   i   am   very   impressed   with   this   dryer .
good   light   weight   blow   dryer !   got   it   super   fast !   gets   the   job   done .   left   my   hair   smooth   and   shiny ! !
game   changer !   i   was   told   by   my   hairstylist   that   this   dryer   would   cut   my   blow   drying   time   in   half .   my   hair   is   thick   and   long ,   so   that   really   appealed   to   me .   with   my   boar   s   round   brush ,   i   didn   t   notice   much   difference .   however ,   a   friend   recommended   i   buy   a   metal   thermal   brush   with   holes   in   it   for   quicker   drying   time ,   and   combining   the   new   brush   with   the   force   and   heat   of   the   this   new   dryer ,   i   have   cut   my   drying   time   in   half   and   my   hair   is   softer   and   shinier .   game   changer !   when   i   used   my   new   brush   with   my   old   dryer ,   it   did   not   have   the   same   effect ,   so   it   seems   to   be   the   combo   of   the   dryer   and   brush   for   me .   totally   worth   it !
great   purchase !   fast ,   smooth   and   easy !   the   wall   mount   saves   time   in   the   daily   routine   of   drying   hair .   i   should   buy   one   for   each   bathroom !
five   stars   very   good ,   light   weight   and   efficient .   loved   the   price   and   product ! ! !
five   stars   vender   delivered   by   promised   date   and   dryer   works   great .   i   would   recommend .
it   is   great   for   a   travel   blow   dryer   it   is   great   for   a   travel   blow   dryer .   powerful   enough   to   get   the   job   done ,   but   because   it   does   not   put   out   as   wide   of   a   path   of   hot   air   as   my   big   hair   dryer   it   does   not   do   the   job   quite   as   quickly   and   evenly   as   it .   the   color   is   a   metallic   purpley   pink .   i   did   receive   the   zebra   bag   and   attachments   with   it   too .   if   traveling   internationally   be   sure   to   read   and   follow   the   instructions   or   you   could   fry   it .
easy   to   use   to   style   with   this   was   a   replacement ,   i   had   the   same   one   since   at   least   2005 .   it   is   very   light   weight   with   lots   of   power .   easy   to   use   to   style   with .
the   dryer   was   easy   to   assemble   the   dryer   was   easy   to   assemble .   gets   hot   very   quickly ,   and   the   cord   is   long   enough   for   me   to   move   around   with   ease .   sometimes   it   does   feel   a   little   bit   top   heavy ,   but   overall   it   s   a   great   dryer !
not   as   good   as   the   full   sized   dryer   my   work   s   locker   room   has   the   full   sized   dryer   and   i   really   liked   it   so   i   bought   the   travel   version   to   take   on   a   work   trip .   i   received   one   where   the   straightening   cone   aka   concentrator   spun   around   on   the   dryer ,   making   it   impossible   to   blow   out   your   hair .   i   returned   it   and   got   another   one   with   the   same   issue .   apparently ,   this   is   just   a   defect   in   the   travel   dryer .   it   is   a   nice   size   for   travel   but   i   would   give   up   the   extra   space   in   my   bag   for   a   dryer   that   worked   for   what   i   wanted .   if   you   only   want   to   use   the   diffuser   it   would   be   fine   for   you .
five   stars   extremely   happy   with   my   purchase ,   great   product   and   shipping   was   fast  
five   stars   best   pro   dryer   ever !   super   long   cord   makes   it   1
fantastically   quiet   very   quiet   as   advertised ,   a   huge   improvement   over   the   last   one   my   wife   had   that   certainly   was   bad   for   her   hearing .   also   produces   good   air   speed   and   heat ,   both   of   which   my   wife   was   nervous   about   ahead   of   time .
really   love   this .   i   used   in   a   hotel   and   seen   ...   really   love   this .   i   used   in   a   hotel   and   seen   that   it   was   really   handy .   got   one   for   my   spare   bath .   so   when   i   have   company   they   no   longer   have   to   pack   as   much   stuff .   trying   to   give   company   that   hotel   guess   feel .   very   nice   that   it   includes   a   night   lite .   no   longer   having   to   turn   on   the   big   light ,   blinding   yourself   at   night .   i   would   for   sure   recommend .
five   stars   perfect   for   the   price .   an   ionic   dryer   should   not   cost   200.00
five   stars   bien
the   concentration   attachment   falls   off   repeatedly ,   and   i   mean   ...   the   concentration   attachment   falls   off   repeatedly ,   and   i   mean   every   time   i   use   the   dang   thing .   another   deal   breaker   is   the   length   of   the   cord ,   it   s   way   too   short .   this   blow   dryer   is   going   to   be   replaced .
and   this   is   my   favorite   model   ever   i   ve   used   this   style   of   dryer   for   decades ,   and   this   is   my   favorite   model   ever !   it   gets   the   job   done   quickly   and   efficiently ,   and   it   is   kinder   to   my   hair .   to   top   it   off ,   it   is   the   most   reasonably   priced   dryer   i   ve   bought   in   many   years .   i   bought   an   extra   one ,   just   in   case !
but   it   s   easy   to   travel   with   and   it   work   it   most   definitely   is   not   this   color   or   this   size ,   but   it   s   easy   to   travel   with   and   it   work .
great   hair   dryer !   this   is   a   great   blow   dryer .   it   does   not   overheat .   the   airflow   is   not   as   much   as   my   others   however ,   it   does   dry   your   hair   just   as   effectively .
and   only   use   it   on   low   which   seemed   like   medium   to   me   yes   it   works   in   ireland .   remember   to   change   the   voltage   selector ,   and   only   use   it   on   low   which   seemed   like   medium   to   me   .
five   stars   good
it   performes   as   expected .   my   problem   with   it   is   ...   it   performes   as   expected .   my   problem   with   it   is   it   s   size .   i   would   never   have   purchased   it   if   i   had   any   idea   how   large   it   is .   it   is   so   long   that   my   arm   is   almost   not   long   enough   to   keep   from   hitting   myself   in   the   head   when   drying   my   hair .
this   hair   dryer   works   fine .   i   bought   it   for   a   trip   to   europe   ...   this   hair   dryer   works   fine .   i   bought   it   for   a   trip   to   europe   but   the   hotels   and   apartment   we   stayed   in   actually   had   very   good   hair   dryers   so   i   didn   t   need   it   after   all .   but   i   m   glad   i   have   it   for   when   i   go   to   europe   again   and   there   isn   t   a   hair   dryer   available .   it   s   very   light   and   compact   and   fit   into   the   suitcase   nicely .
i   have   been   very   pleased   with   my   purchase   i   purchased   this   conair   hair   dryer   several   months   ago .   i   have   been   very   pleased   with   my   purchase .   my   previous   hair   dryer   was   also   a   conair   and   i   had   used   it   for   several   years .   there   are   a   few   improvements   on   the   new   dryer   that   the   old   one   didn   t   have ,   and   i   am   very   happy   to   have   them   because   they   were   things   i   didn   t   like   about   the   old   dryer .   this   dryer   has   a   34   cool   34   button ,   a   feature   i   haven   t   had   before   and   i   wasn   t   sure   if   i   even   needed   it .   it   does   come   in   handy   when   finishing   styling ,   holding   your   style   in   place . there   are   two   attachments   a   flow   director   and   a   defuser .   these   attachments   easily   snap   into   place   and   are   easy   to   remove ,   unlike   the   old   attachments   which   were   a   struggle   to   get   on   and   off .   this   dryer   fulfills   all   my   needs .   thanks   for   the   improvements   conair .   the   dryer   shipped   quickly   and   was   in   good   shape   when   delivered .   fulfilled   as   promised   by   amazon .
five   stars   work   as   what   it   was   intended   to   do .   drys   hair !
five   stars   it   works   great !   enjoy   the   retractable   cord .
perfect   size ,   workded   as   expected   arrived   on   time .   perfect   size ,   workded   as   expected .
i   should   have   paid   attention   i   should   have   paid   attention   to   the   negative   reviews .   br   the   bonnet   is   adequate   in   size   but   the   drawstring   on   the   bonnet   is   so   short   that   you   can   t   expand   the   bonnet   to   a   reasonable   size   to   fit   over   curlers .   the   bonnet   connection   to   the   hose   doesn   t   fit   securely   so   it   is   a   juggling   act   to   get   the   too   tight   bonnet   on   without   disconnecting   from   the   hose .   br   i   will   have   to   go   shopping   and   find   a   dryer   comparable   to   the   hot   tools   unit   that   i   have   had   for   several   yrs .   the   bonnet   finally   tore   but   i   have   had   8   yrs   of   good   use   and   the   dryer   unit   is   still   going   strong .   too   bad   we   can   t   just   buy   the   replacement   bonnets .
i   like   it   a   lot   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   a   month   or   so   ago .   so   far ,   i   like   it   a   lot .   it   dries   my   hair   fast   and   i   have   really   thick   hair .   my   hair   is   left   silky   and   straight .   it   does   get   a   little   hot ,   but   not   too   hot .   id   recommend   it   to   anyone .   it   is   a   great   price   too .
three   stars   it   s   lightweight   plastic   and   noisy ,   but   they   all   seem   to   be   more   noisy .
great   value   this   is   a   great   value   for   the   price .   it   does   the   trick .   i   don   t   need   anything   fancy .   it   is   simple .   i   just   wanted   something   to   dry   my   hair .
happy   i   bought   this   several   years   ago   but   i   still   use   it .   this   is   a   quiet ,   well   made   blow   dryer   that   works   very   well .   it   s   expensive   but   it   s   worth   it .
one   star   very   heavy .   on   off   switch   right   on   handle   and   gets   turned   off   during   use   all   the   time .
five   stars   very   well   constructed   hair   dryer ..   it   s   one   of   the   heavy   duty   built   that   you   can   get   for   little   price ...
four   stars   great   for   travel .
two   stars   to   bulky   for   travel .
3mo ,   holding   up   strong   and   traveled   to   uk   and   ...   3mo ,   holding   up   strong   and   traveled   to   uk   and   back   very   well .   cord   sometimes   does   t   retract   all   the   way   into   dryer   so   u   just   need   to   play   with   it   a   bit   then   it   stores   completely .
thought   it   would   be   cooler   like   it   was   on   my   previous   hair   dryer   not   as   much   power   as   expected   cool   shot   button   is   same   temp   as   lowest   heat   setting .   thought   it   would   be   cooler   like   it   was   on   my   previous   hair   dryer .
four   stars   love   the   cord   not   quite   enough   power .
three   stars   i   find   that   the   heat   doesn   t   stay   consistent
three   stars   i   haven   t   had   the   chance   to   use   it   yet ,   but   it   seems   average   as   far   as   quality .
wow ! ! !   love   this   dryer ! ! !   bought   it   for   work   as   a   professional   stylist   and   really   love   how   quiet   and   light   it   is .   awesome   dryer   at   an   incredible   price !   i   tell   everyone   about   it .
five   stars   best   little   travel   dryer   with   plenty   of   power ...... love   it ,   love   it   ! ! ! ! !   conair   rules   ! ! !
four   stars   this   has   been   a   great   tool .   the   temp   control ,   tools ,   looks   have   all   been   as   claimed   from   the   site .
great   vendor   very   good   vendor   to   deal   with ...... very   good   product .
i   have   a   bad   shoulder   and   this   is   great   for   traveling   i   have   a   bad   shoulder   and   this   is   great   for   traveling .   it   holds   to   the   mirror   really   well   with   a   small   travel   size   dryer .   not   sure   if   it   could   hold   a   bigger   dryer .   excellent   product .   quick   delivery
powerful !   great   little   travel   hair   dryer !   very   powerful   for   a   little   hair   dyer
four   stars   works   great   and   i   love   the   retractable   cord .
good   hair   dryer   but   too   heavy   very   heavy   but   powerful ,   it   leaves   my   hair   shiny .
liked   it   at   first   but   it   didn   t   have   a   long   life ,   sadly ! !   it   didn   t   last   long .   suddenly   died   with   no   warning   after   no   abuse   and   minimal   use .   disappointed   planned   obsolescence ! !   things   dont   last   very   long   anymore .   aren   t   made   or   built   to   last   like   years   back ! !
quiet   and   quick   quieter   than   most !   dries   quickly .   the   cord   storage   is   great   but   does   have   issues   once   in   awhile .   never   had   one   that   didn   t .
five   stars   my   wife   love   it !
five   stars   it   is   a   great   product   and   has   cut   down   the   drying   time   from   30   mins   to   12 !
five   stars   great   hair   dryer   at   a   great   price .
  high   and   cool   settings   are   way   too   strong ...   i   rarely   write   reviews ,   but   i   am   beginning   to   try   to   find   time   to   go   back   and   voice   feedback   on   the   items   i   use   most   in   my   household .   i   bought   this   to   replace   my   old   ionic   1875 ,   which   was   on   it   s   last   legs   from   years   of   hard   work .   i   am   wishing   that   i   had   bought   a   different   dryer .   the   high   setting   is   so   strong ,   and   the   medium   would   take   a   while   to   heat   up   to   hot   if   i   just   started   there .   i   can   deal   with   this ,   but   what   i   hate   is   the   cool   touch   button ,   which   is   supposed   to   hold   your   style   and   reduce   frizzies .   my   last   dryer   did   a   great   job   with   this   feature ,   making   my   hair   look   smooth   and   shiny .   but   on   this   dryer ,   pushing   this   button   is   like   going   into   a   wind   tunnel .   why   would   the   makers   kick   the   cool   setting   up   to   super   dooper   strong   like   the   high   setting   it   blows   your   style   to   prices   after   you   have   just   spent   the   time   to   create   it !   i   would   have   returned   it   if   i   could ,   but   i   bought   it   as   back   up   in   case   my   old   one   broke ,   and   too   late   by   the   time   i   actually   opened   it   and   tried   it   out .   thumbs   down .
five   stars   buenisimo
no   height   control   its   not   terrible   dryer .   my   only   issue   is   that   they   listed   34   adjustable   height   control   34   as   a   feature   but   you   cant   adjust ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   false   advertisement .   i   wouldnt   have   purchased   it   if   there   wasnt   a   way   to   control   the   height .
good   price   very   good   for   my   granddaughter   s   thick , course , and   natural   hair   without   putting   a   perm   in   it .
five   stars   great   no   frills   hair   dryer .
as   is   likely   with   all   hair   dryers   that   have   the   ...   as   is   likely   with   all   hair   dryers   that   have   the   retractible   cord ,   it   already   quit   working   and   i   bought   it   in   october   2013 .   eight   months   later   already   quit .   the   two   stars   it   got   is   for   ease   of   drying   your   hair .
five   stars   perfect   replacement   for   my   old ,   burnt   out   hair   dryer .
it   cant   get   any   better   than   this   impressive .   i   love   it .   i   only   used   it   one   time ,   but   it   really   dries   fast .   the   timer   is   a   plus ,   the   temprature   controller   is   a   plus ,   best   of   all   it   is   not   noisey .
great   for   travel .   i   love   the   travel   smart   conair   1200   watt   for   traveling .   it   is   small   and   packs   easily .   the   wattage   is   easily   changed   for   travel   abroad .   it   actually   had   two   speeds   when   i   used   it   in   europe .   often   hair   dryers   have   two   speeds   in   the   states   but   when   traveling   abroad   with   the   change   in   voltage   they   do   not .   i   was   very   happy   with   the   travel   smart   dryer   and   will   use   it   each   year   when   we   travel   abroad .   i   would   highly   recommend   it   for   foreign   travel .
four   stars   great   product ! !   only   thing   is   base   gets   really   hot   after   5   min .
buy   it   now   love   this   hairdryer !   it   s   small ,   quiet ,   and   quick   to   dry   your   hair !   i   haven   t   really   used   hairdryers   in   the   past   so   i   don   t   have   much   to   compare   it   with   but   when   i   used   my   sister   s   for   the   first   time ,   i   knew   i   had   to   have   one   of   my   own !   i   also   give   it   points   for   being   sturdy   since   i   m   a   super   clumsy   person   and   have   dropped   it   on   the   floor   a   ridiculous   amount   of   times   without   any   resulting   damage .
works   good ,   but   doesn   t   last   as   long   as   it   should   this   is   the   second   one   of   these   i   ve   ordered .   i   used   my   old   one   for   a   while ,   although   i   thought   it   would   last   longer .   i   blow   dry   my   hair   a   couple   nights   a   weeks ,   and   it   started   making   a   burning   chemical   smell   about   a   year   or   2   after   i   bought   it .   it   does   dry   pretty   fast   however ,   so   i   ordered   another   one .
the   problem   i   have   with   this   product   is   that   even   ...   the   problem   i   have   with   this   product   is   that   even   with   a   medium   heat ,   the   comb   attachments   melt .   there   is   no   warning   on   the   manual   whatsoever   on   what   heat   stand   should   be   used   in   order   to   prevent   the   comb   attachments   from   melting .   i   am   grateful   to   amazon   for   replacing   my   damaged   items
replaces   24   year   old   sunbeam   1200   i   bought   this   to   replace   a   24   year   old   sunbeam   1200   that   finally   died .   unpacked   the   new   one   and   slid   it   onto   the   old   mounting   rack   same   configuration   as   new   one   and   it   was   good   to   go !   i   expect   this   one   to   now   outlast   me !
excellent   choice   when   i   first   reviewed   this   product   in   the   winter   of   2013   i   was   lukewarm   about   it .   after   a   year   plus   of   use ,   i   need   to   amend   that   review   and   state   that   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   the   high   speed   setting   is   perfect   for   blow   drying   my   short   hair ,   and   the   ionic   characteristic   makes   hair   soft .   thanks ,   and   is .
this   hands   free   hair   dryer   is   so   useful   i   ordered   2   more   for   my   sisters   this   hands   free   hair   dryer   is   so   useful   i   ordered   2   more   for   my   sisters .   its   perfect   to   blow   out   my   hair   to   give   it   a   salon   look   without   the   hassle   of   trying   to   hold   the   hair   dryer   at   the   same   time .   i   am   grateful   this   was   invented   it   makes   life   so   easy  
...   broke   down   before   i   thought   it   should   but   i   love   the   compactness   on   the   wall   and   night   light   and   ...   the   first   one   broke   down   before   i   thought   it   should   but   i   love   the   compactness   on   the   wall   and   night   light   and   the   two   speeds   r   just   right   for   me .   this   is   my   second .
four   stars   great   space   saving   idea .
needed   a   bathroom   plug   in   i   bought   this   because   it   was   a   dual   voltage   and   a   travel   edition   as   well .   with   no   plug   in   within   the   bathroom ,   it   had   very   limited   use .
nice   dryer   the   first   one   i   received   was   doa .   no   biggie   amazon   had   a   replacement   at   my   doorstep   in   a   few   days !   small   and   works   well   like   most   other   reviews   state   .   i   m   probably   going   to   order   another   one   at   this   price   just   to   keep   for   a   back   up !
this   dryer   is   literally   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used   this   dryer   is   literally   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   i   watched   youtube   videos   on   the   product   before   i   purchased   it   and   no   one   had   anything   bad   to   say   about   the   item .   i   would   highly   recommend   that   anyone   use   this   dryer   you   will   find   that   it   is   well   worth   the   price .
omg ! !   worth   every   penny ! !   i   ve   never   styled   my   hair   with   a   blow   dryer .   i   always   just   dry   then   flat   iron ,   for   many   reasons .   mainly   i   m   not   coordinated   enough   to   use   a   round   brush   hold   a   blow   dryer .   in   my   20s   i   bought   the   round   brush   blow   dryer .   you   know   the   all   in   one ,   lol   it   worked   okay   but   my   hair   was   still   frizzy .   this   blow   dryer   is   amazing !   even   with   me   fighting   the   round   brush   in   one   hand   the   dryer   in   the   other ,   my   hair   is   smooth   shiny .   just   like   when   i   leave   the   salon !   don   t   pass   on   this   one   ladies ,   worth   every   penny !   i   did   notice   a   weird   smell ,   i   m   hoping   it   was   just   the   dryer   components   heating   up   for   the   first   time .
love   the   concept .   like   the   product .   no   more ! ! !   surprisingly   it   works   more   often   than   not ,   but   the   cups   seem   to   come   off   the   mirror   wall   a   lot   and   have   to   be   restuck .   br   update   i   had   to   take   it   down   as   it   came   down   all   too   often   .   it   didn   t   hold   for   any   reason   that   i   can   fathom   ! ! !
love   it   love   it   love   love   it   love   it   love .   i   almost   dropped   200   bucks   on   a   blow   dryer   from   the   dry   bar ,   but   opted   to   save   some   instead   when   my   hair   dresser   told   me   about   this   one .   i   love   the   temp   functions   and   it   really   does   the   job   without   totally   damaging   my   hair !   also ,   i   seem   to   be   able   to   blow   dry   my   hair   faster   since   the   end   of   the   blow   dryer   is   smaller   and   air   is   really   more   concentrated .
highly   recommend !   great   value ! !   great !   quiet !   love   it !   bought   2   immediately !   br   br   kelly   in   san   antonio ,   tx
awful   it   melted   the   first   time   i   used   it   in   europe   despite   being   on   the   right   setting .   complete   waste   of   money .
broken   timer   knobs   good   dryer   worked   fine .   i   had   this   dryer   for   about   2   years .   only   downside   is   that   the   timer   knob   broke   and   the   dryer   won   t   work   with   out   it .   i   would   purchase   again   tho .   for   the   money   it   did   serve   it   s   purpose .
best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever ,   every   had ,   at   my   age   i   have   had   several !   br   my   hairdresser   said   this   is   one   of   the   closest   to   34   professional   34   hair   dryers ,   br   and   it   is   the   truth !   great ,   great   heat   and   quick   drying .
five   stars   exelente
excellent   quality   and   ergonomics   excellent   quality   and   ergonomics .   love   the   green   light .   good   temperature   and   air   flow .   installed   2   of   them .   easy   to   install   with   wall   mollys   from   local   walmart   as   the   ones   that   came   with   the   unit   were   not   suitable .
five   stars   i   think   this   product   is   worth   buying ...
five   stars   excelente
five   stars   great
great   for   vacation   rentals   i   am   using   the   dryer   in   my   vacation   rental   unit   and   it   is   a   real   winner   for   my   renters .
use   at   your   own   risk ...   i   have   had   a   similar   experience   as   many   other   reviewers .   this   hair   dryer   has   worked   for   me   for   about   a   year   now .   however ,   i   have   always   noticed   it   would   spark   while   i   was   using   it .   i   cleaned   out   the   back   where   dust   had   collected   thinking   that   this   may   be   the   problem .   this   did   not   stop   any   of   the   sparks .   now ,   i   have   noticed   that   i   ve   smelled   my   own   hair   burning !   besides   all   of   these   problems ,   this   hair   dryer   is   labeled   as   a   34   frizz   control   34   dryer .   that   couldn   t   be   any   further   from   the   truth .   i   have   never   had   a   hair   dryer   cause   more   frizz   than   this   one .   don   t   go   for   this   cheap   dryer .   spend   a   little   money   and   save   your   hair .
great   quality   and   so   compact   i   love   this   hairdryer .   at   home ,   i   use   a   chi   that   i   have   had   for   about   ten   years .   it   still   works   perfectly   but   it   is   a   beast .   i   was   tired   of   using   crummy   hotel   dryers   and   even   the   hand   dryers   at   the   gym   so   i   started   looking   for   a   compact   model   and   this   really   fits   the   bill   at   a   great   price .   keeps   my   hair   as   smooth   as   my   pricey   chi   and   has   a   retractable   cord   plus   a   folding   handle .
five   stars   good   for   the   price .   came   back   for   the   second   one .
works   well   and   is   recommended .   it   s   a   hairdryer   makes   less   noise   than   some .   works   well   and   is   recommended .
an   excellent   product ,   not   suitable   as   a   travel   appliance   imo   though   love   it   as   a   home   use   dryer .   not   compact   enough   to   qualify   as   a   travel   dryer   in   my   book   but   it   s   the   best   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   i   have   lots   of   thick ,   course ,   wavy   hair   and   this   appliance   dries   it   in   half   the   time   or   less   than   all   of   my   previous   ones   without   excessive   heat .   love   the   cold   shot .   it   really   is   cold .   get   this   dryer .   you   will   not   be   disappointed !
it   works   i   like   this   style   of   hair   dryers .   the   cord   does   retract   as   it   should   but   leaves   a   good   18   inches   hanging .   the   dryer   does   not   seem   to   blow   very   hot   air   compared   to   my   previous   dryer .   the   settings   just   seem   to   adjust   the   speed   of   the   fan .   i   still   manage   to   get   my   hair   dry   and   perhaps   the   cooler   temperature   will   prevent   me   from   damaging   my   hair .
great   little   dryer   great   little   dryer .   i   bought   2   to   keep   at   relatives   houses   for   when   guests   like   me   visit   them .   i   have   visited   and   used   both   dryers .
three   stars   doesn   t   fit   with   diffuser   of   twin   turbo   2600 .   not   a   noticeable   significant   upgrade   in   power   either   form   2600 .
five   stars   i   love   this   hairdryer   and   the   ease   of   having   it   on   the   wall   right   there   to   use
i   like   it   hair   dryer   works   great ,   easy   to   use ,   but   it   s   heavy   on   the   arm   when   carrying   long .   it   has   a   button   to   choose   the   heat   level   3 ,   this   machine   better   than   i   ve   ever   used ,   i   like   it .
five   stars   my   daughter   loves   it
underpowered   dryer   very   underpowered   dryer .   it   has   a   nice   power   black   finish   which   is   totally   spoiled   by   pink   control   buttons   and   end   surround   ring   it   might   appeal   to   teens   or   tweens ,   but   aesthetically   unpleasing   to   an   adult .   i   exchanged   it   the   day   i   received   it   for   a   conair   pro   which   is   much   better .
five   stars   excellent ,   loved   it
not   hot   enough   but   maybe   better   for   your   hair .   everything   is   as   says ...   the   only   reason   i   did   not   give   it   5   stars   is   that   the   dryer   blowers   load   and   strong   and   does   dry   the   hair   but   the   heat   temperature   is   not   as   hot   as   other   dryers   with   the   same   wattage .
five   stars   love   it .
low   quality   motor   went   out   after   only   a   couple   uses .
frizzy   and   dull .   not   a   fan   of   this   dryer ,   it   does   dry   my   hair   quickly ,   however   it   leaves   my   hair   dry ,   frizzy   and   dull .
no   problemo   hair   dryer .   go   for   the   gold !   no   problems   or   criticisms   whatsoever .   br   but   i   m   a   guy ,   so   my   standards   may   be   lower .   br   br   not   as   strong   forced   a   34   wind   34   as   my   previous   20   year   old   blow   dryer   generated ,   but   it   still   dries   my   thinning   hair   rapidly ,   and   is   not   as   noisy   as   my   old   dryer .   it   feels   solid   not   cheap   to   handle ,   and   has   a   nice   gold   color   in   person .   it   s   good   that   there   are   three   comb   brush   attachments ,   as   i   know   they   tend   to   break   over   the   years .   br   br   happy   customer
perfect   blow   dryer !   this   blow   dryer   is   perfect !   recommended   to   me   by   my   hair   stylist   after   she   used   it   on   my   hair ,   and   i   immediately   purchased   right   after   my   hair   appointment !   dries   my   hair   fast ,   allows   you   to   change   the   speed   and   temperature ,   and   also   features   a   34   cool   shot   34   button !   plus   it   comes   with   the   awesome   add   on   to   attach   to   the   end   and   direct   air   flow !   came   fast   and   exactly   as   described !   plus   the   pink   is   super   cute ,   it   is   a   lighter   pink   than   pictured   than ... but   you   won   t   be   disappointed !  
one   star   the   blow   dryer   blew   out   the   second   i   plugged   it   into   the   wall .
not   enough .....   i   bought   this   dryer   to   replace   a   revlon   one   that   had   a   short   in   the   cord .   this   dryer   did   not   blow   hard   enough   or   warm   enough   to   dry   my   hair   in   a   timely   manner .   i   m   returning   it .
five   stars   good
a   useful   tool   these   do   a   good   job   of   drying   my   wife   s   hair ,   and   she   happy   with   the   product .
i   like   the   different   settings   of   the   dryer   i   always   buy   conair   hair   dryers !   this   one   is   lightweight ... i   like   the   different   settings   of   the   dryer .. for   me   it   works   great ... i   have   very   short   hair   and   it   is   fine ,   but   you   would   think   my   hair   was   thicker   because   of   this   dryer   and   the   small   round   brush   i   use .   extremely   happy   with   this   purchase !
its   okay   its   not   bad   for   the   price
five   stars   great   hair   dryer ! ! ! !   am   so   glad   i   purchased   it  
good   value   good   value
nooooooooooooooooooo ! ! ! !   it   s   huge !   it   was   described   as   more   of   a   travel   dryer ,   but   it   s   way   too   big   to   put   in   a   suitcase ,   and   too   expensive   for   quality ,   cheap   looking   plastic .
four   stars   ok
very   pleased   with   it   i   had   one   of   these   for   ...   7   8   years   and   it   finally   died .   as   in   sparks   flew   out   of   it ! !   i   ordered   a   newer   version   of   the   same   dryer .   very   pleased   with   it .   saw   no   reason   to   change .
excellent   great   price ,   sturdy ,   dries   my   thick   shoulder   length   hair   quickly .   not   a   quiet   device ,   but   well   worth   it .   hair   feels   smooth   and   shiny ,   not   weighted   down .
three   stars   takes   quite   some   time   to   dry   longer   hair .
only   works   on   high   setting   in   another   country   at   220v   gifted   this   to   my   mom   in   india .   since   they   use   220volts   in   india ,   i   needed   something   with   dual   voltage .   what   i   realized   was   this   dryer   only   works   on   the   high   setting   at   220v .   i   first   thought   the   button   was   jammed ,   so   tried   again   after   switching   to   120v   and   the   button   to   switch   high   low   worked .   i   was   very   disappointed ,   but   couldn   t   return   the   product   since   i   was   in   another   country   and   this   was   a   gift .   br   i   believe   the   product   is   designed   that   way ,   i   wish   they   mentioned   it .   a   low   setting   is   critical   to   set   a   hairstyle   or   curl   your   hair .
not   as   good   as   i   was   expecting .   i   ve   normally   loved   my   elchim   blowdryers .   this   one   did   not   make   the   cut .   i   felt   like   it   was   smaller   and   less   powerful   than   my   usual   blowdryers .   if   i   could   return   it ,   i   would .
i   like   it ,   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   i   like   it ,   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   however ,   i   have   long ,   wavy   hair ,   and   it   gets   caught   easily   in   the   fan   of   the   dryer   ouch .   i   wouldn   t   necessarily   recommend   this   dryer   for   curly   hair ,   even   with   the   diffuser   my   hair   gets   pretty   frizzy   and   falls   flat .
five   stars   nice   little   blowdryer .   we   bought   two ,   one   for   each   bathroom .   they   get   really   hot   on   low   setting .
three   stars   it   gets   the   job   done   quickly   and   effectively ,   for   an   old   man   who   has   little   hair   left .
four   stars   great
two   stars   reel   slowly   stops   working   over   time .   6   months   now   since   purchase   and   most   of   the   cord   will   not   retract .
four   stars   great   hair   dryer   for   the   price !   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   and   it   works   well !
great   dryer   wow ,   this   works   really   well   for   the   price .   it   gets   rid   of   frizz   and   is   really   quiet   if   used   on   the   low   setting   which   i   use   .   i   have   curly   and   extremely   frizzy   hair ,   and   this   helped   it   get   smoother   while   also   giving   it   volume   that   i   love .   also ,   the   price   is   pretty   fantastic   for   what   it   does .
ok   it   dries   hair   great .   wish   i   would   have   paid   attention   that   you   can   t   adjust   the   heat .   you   can   only   turn   it   on   low   or   high .
bought   this   for   my   rv   it   stays   in   place   well   ...   bought   this   for   my   rv   it   stays   in   place   well ,   take   up   small   amount   of   space ,   it   does   make   a   lot   of   noise   so   if   someone   sleeps   well   you   dry   hair   maybe   not   for   you .
five   stars   best   blowdryer   ever
i   decided   i   d   better   be   proactive   about   having   a   replacement   for   my   current   ...   not   too   long   ago ,   i   decided   i   d   better   be   proactive   about   having   a   replacement   for   my   current   dryer   since   i   m   having   to   tap   it   on   the   sink   to   get   it   to   34   click   34   into   the   hot   setting   and   start   actually   working .   i   was   surprised   at   the   great   reviews   for   such   an   inexpensive   dryer ,   so   i   took   a   shot   and   bought   it .   br   br   this   will   remain   in   my   drawer   as   a   back   up   dryer .   it   works   well   and   is   pretty   quiet ,   but   it   just   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   or   blow   strongly   enough   to   help   me   straighten   my   naturally   curly   but   short   hair .   my   current   dryer   gets   my   hair   pretty   straight   and   then   i   use   a   straightening   iron   in   spots .   i   have   to   spend   more   time   with   the   straightener   with   this   blow   dryer .   br   br   if   i   were   still   wearing   my   hair   longer   and   leaving   it   curly   like   i   have   in   the   past ,   i   think   this   would   be   a   5   star   dryer .   i   would   want   a   less   strong   and   hot   air   flow   to   prevent   frizz .   br   br   still   a   good   dryer   and   the   price   can   t   be   beat !   i   like   having   a   back   up   dryer   anyway   it   is   no   fun   when   your   hairdryer   stops   working   suddenly   and   you   ve   got   to   be   somewhere !
five   stars   works   great
a   very   good   hair   dryer   for   the   money   a   very   good   hair   dryer   for   the   money .   i   just   wish   it   had   a   stronger   blower   as   my   hair   takes   longer   to   dry   than   with   the   older   dryer .
five   stars   great   product !   great   seller
i   received   this   hair   dryer   on   5   12   2014   and   it   is   ...   i   received   this   hair   dryer   on   5   12   2014   and   it   is   already   broken !   it   didn   t   even   last   2   months !   !   !   i   m   hoping   i   just   got   a   lemon .
five   stars   excellent
five   stars   works   great .
five   stars   use   it   to   dry   my   dog .
hair   dryer   love   it .   it   s   more   comfortable   that   the   one   one   i   previously   had .   easy   to   use .   at   least   i   can   lay   down .
good   product   this   was   an   inexpensive   hair   dryer   and   i   was   skeptical   about   it   at   first .   it   didn   t   seem   to   put   out   as   much   power   as   my   last   dryer   which   shorted   out   and   blew   a   house   fuse .   however ,   it   seems   to   dry   just   as   quickly   and   is   not   as   noisy   as   my   last   dryer .   it   s   easy   to   handle   and   not   too   heavy .   i   have   been   happy   with   this   product .
five   stars   perfect   for   my   sunny   powder   room !
five   stars   good   product .
not   bad   it   works   magic   for   my   gf   thats   why   i   bought   one   for   myself   too .   my   hair   is   thick   so   it   doesnt   work   as   well   as   i   expected   but   if   you   are   medium   or   thin   hair   it   is   definitely   the   one   for   you
love   it !   dries   my   hair   quickly   love   it !   dries   my   hair   quickly .   has   lots   of   settings .   the   cord   doesn   t   is   long   and   doesn   t   tangle .   easy   to   clean   the   back   screen .   and   i   love   the   cold   shot   button .   yeah   and   i   love   that   it   s   red ... pretty   awesome   dryer .
finally   great   product   that   i   have   searched   for   many   years .... good   power   dual   voltage
five   stars   i   bought   it   10   month   ago .   its   quality   can   be   trusted .
i   loved   the   idea   that   you   could   switch   the   voltage   i   loved   the   idea   that   you   could   switch   the   voltage ,   however ,   you   only   get   the   low   speed .   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   so   it   took   forever   to   blow   dry   my   hair .   on   a   positive   note ,   it   is   small   and   fits   well   into   a   carryon .
i   love   it !   dry   hair   very   fast !   i   love   it !
so   hot .   love   nd   low   noise   i   love   love   love   this   hair   dryer .... wash   my   hair   seat   for   30   min   nd   i   m   done ...
poor   i   bought   it   for   my   wife   but   she   tells   me   that   it   is   no   good .   the   heat   is   not   strong   enough   and   when   used   for   longer   than   2   mins   it   will   just   turn   off ,   until   it   cools   off .
quiet !   i   had   to   find   this   model   on   amazon   because   my   local   targets   weren   t   selling   this   model   anymore .   my   puppy   chewed   up   my   first   one ,   and   bought   another   type   at   target ,   but   it   was   so   loud ,   and   i   took   it   back .   i   m   happy   that   i   found   this   for   sale   on   amazon   because   it   s   quiet   as   far   as   blow   dryers   go   and   i   love   the   retractable   cord .   as   long   as   they   make   this   particular   model ,   that   will   be   my   first   choice   if   something   happens   to   my   new   one .
five   stars   always   go   for   the   hot   tools   as   the   professionals   use   this   product   and   they   last   a   long   time .
five   stars   very   powerful   and   light   hair   dryer
it   works   well ,   you   just   have   to   find   a   ...   it   works   well ,   you   just   have   to   find   a   right   chair   and   a   surface   with   the   right   height   so   you   would   not   have   a   sore   neck   from   the   use   of   it .
five   stars   good   bang   for   the   buck .   works   fine .
two   stars   item   broke   after   3   uses .
i   think   the   product   is   fine ,   but   i   guess   i   didn   t   really   think   it   ...   i   think   the   product   is   fine ,   but   i   guess   i   didn   t   really   think   it   out .   it   is   stationary ,   so   if   the   dryer   isn   t   moving ,   you   are   moving ... your   head   all   around ... to   hit   the   hot   air .   plus ,   you   can   t   mount   it   on   the   mirror   because   with   the   vanity   there ,   its   too   far   away .   you   gotta   put   it   on   the   wall   right   next   to   your   head   and   move   all   around .   i   guess   i   thought   i   could   put   on   my   face   while   blow   drying ,   but   that   s   not   the   case   at   all .
still   good   but   they   don   t   make   em   like   they   used   to .   i   bought   this   to   replace   the   exact   same   model   that   i   had   for   over   five   years .   it   is   good   but   not   as   great   as   the   former   model   which   seem   to   have   a   tad   more   power   needed   to   dry   extremely   thick   hair   and   had   a   free   spinning   collar   for   the   cord   at   the   base   which   kept   the   cord   from   getting   that   spiral   twist   kinks .   it   was   a   great   dryer ,   now   downsized   to   good   status .   the   sound   is   good ,   no   irritating   high   pitch ,   which   has   been   reason   for   me   to   return   several   dryers   i   have   purchased   in   the   past .   despite   the   loss   of   a   star ,   it   is   still   the   best   dryer   on   the   market   for   thick   course   hair   that   seems   to   take   forever   to   dry .
good   product ...   so   far   so   good .   i   like   that   there   are   multiple   settings ,   high   and   heat   are   not   necessarily   on   at   the   same   time ,   you   can   adjust   to   many   different   settings .   the   cool   blast   button   is   also   a   great   touch .   great   product   for   the   price !
this   one   did   a   good   job   to   dry   my   hair   on   the   go   i   went   on   a   trip   where   i   wasn   t   sure   there   would   be   hair   dryers .   this   one   did   a   good   job   to   dry   my   hair   on   the   go .
cap   keeps   falling   off   great   blowdryer ,   but   the   cap   to   put   on   the   front   part   of   the   dryer ,   kept   falling   off   from   putting   it   down   and   up   in   my   sink ,   while   blowdrying   my   hair .   i   fixed   this   by   gently   putting   it   on   a   flat   surface ,   resting   it   on   the   red   circle   grip .   sucks   i   have   to   do   this ,   but   it   is   best   blowdryer   i   ever   owned
while   the   hot   setting   is   nice   and   toasty   very   powerful   hair   dryer .   br   br   the   warm   setting   is   almost   hot ,   while   the   hot   setting   is   nice   and   toasty   br   the   cool   shot   immediately   takes   effect .   that   s   nice .   br   br   it   came   with   a   couple   of   accessories   to   attach   to   the   front ,   but   haven   t   been   able   to   try   them   out .   br   br   construction   seems   solid .   the   wire   was   thick   and   insulated .   br   br   can   t   beat   it   for   a   10   dryer .
i   dig   it   it   s   nice .   i   usually   use   it   for   deep   conditions   or   if   i   m   doing   dreads   on   someone   else   i   will   put   them   under   when   i   m   done   re   twisting .   it   s   handy   to   have   in   the   house   for   situations   like   that .   i   ve   never   had   issues   with   it   and   i   ve   had   it   about   5   months .   i   wish   i   had   time   to   use   it   for   different   styles   on   myself   but   i   m   sure   it   would   work   for   a   plethora   of   different   things .
great   buy !   works   perfect   and   cant   beat   the   price !
buy   it   now !   you   wont   regret   it   i   bought   this   for   my   sister ,   to   replace   her   ancient   conair   hair   dryer .   she   has   super   thick   long   hair   and   the   old   one   did   her   well   for   years   and   years ,   so   when   it   finally   died ,   it   only   seemed   natural   to   ty   and   find   one   by   the   same   brand .   well ,   she   loves   this   thing ,   it   is   super   light   and   powerful .   the   diffuser   makes   all   the   difference   in   the   world .   don   t   be   afraid   to   buy   this ,   you   will   be   happy
seems   sturdy ,   is   attractive   this   item   works   well ,   seems   sturdy ,   is   attractive ,   and   was   priced   right .   hopefully ,   it   will   last !
great   for   me ,   maybe   not   great   for   long   hair   i   love   the   compact   nature   of   this   hair   dryer .   and   i   like   that   it   has   only   two   settings ,   high   and   low .   because   it   s   so   small ,   however ,   i   can   imagine   that   if   a   person   with   long   hair   used   this   to   dry   at   the   roots ,   the   ends   of   the   hair   could   easily   get   sucked   into   the   air   intake   part   at   the   back   of   the   dryer .   i   have   shoulder   length   hair ,   so   it   s   not   a   problem   but   it   seems   like   that   could   be   a   problem .   the   only   reason   i   gave   it   four   stars   instead   of   five   is   that   occasionally   the   high   setting   blows   at   a   low   speed .   i   turn   it   off   and   turn   it   back   on   to   high   and   it   works   fine .
revlon   fast   dry   compact   hair   dryer   this   small   compact   dryer   is   so   perfect   for   my   wash   and   go   hair   do   and   does   just   what   i   want   it   to   do   to   my   hair .   i   really   love   it   and   get   my   hair   done   in   less   than   five   minutes .   i   m   sure   the   cut   has   a   lot   to   do   with   it   as   well ,   so   they   go   hand   in   hand .
perfect   for   afros   and   locs .   love   this   dryer   works   great   on   drying   my   dread   locks   at   the   base .   i   have   owned   this   dryer   for   nearly   5   yrs   and   it   works   the   same   as   when   i   first   received   it .   the   heat   distribution   is   not   even   as   other   reviewers   have   mentioned   however   i   like   that   because   it   drys   my   scalp   and   roots   without   drying   out   the   rest   of   my   lock .   it   also   works   great   for   when   i   want   to   do   a   hot   oil   treatment   or   deep   condition ,   i   just   throw   on   a   shower   cap   put   the   heat   on   low   and   i   am   good   to   go   w   o   having   to   spend   another   20   30   bux   at   the   salon   or   waste   water   steaming   up   the   bathroom .   while   i   did   have   straight   hair   when   i   first   received   this   as   a   gift   i   did   not   find   it   as   convenient   to   use   because   my   hair   was   so   thin   it   would   literally   feel   like   it   was   burning   my   scalp .   when   i   had   my   afro   it   was   a   perfect   drying   tool .
works   very   well   nice   long   cord   i   needed   a   dryer   with   a   very   long   cord   and   this   one   fit   the   bill   perfectly .   light   weight ,   powerful   and   easy   to   use .
ionic   conditioning   really   works   was   skeptical   of   buying   a   hair   dryer   this   cheap .   definitely   didn   t   think   the   ionic   conditioning   part   would   work   but   it   does !   i   have   weird   fuzzy   hair   that   has   terribly   fly   aways .   it   never   dries   smooth .   but   this   dryer   does   the   very   best !   i   can   actually   go   out   without   straightening   my   hair   now .   yay
would   buy   again   like   being   able   to   hang   the   dryer   on   wall   or   cabinet   so   it   is   easy   to   use .   does   not   take   up   space   on   counter   or   in   drawer .
great   little   hair   dryer   great   little   hair   dryer .   it   s   so   hard   to   find   one   in   this   style .   it   s   not   too   big ,   and   its   settings   are   pretty   basic .   br   br   i   gave   it   4   stars   because   the   barrel   of   this   gets   incredibly   hot   the   coils   make   up   almost   the   entire   barrel   ,   so   it   can   be   hard   to   handle   when   you   re   done   and   want   to   wrap   things   up   and   put   it   away .   it   has   to   cool   off   first   in   order   to   do   so .   br   br   other   than   that ,   it   does   the   job   and   i   do   like   it .   great   replacement   for   my   old   one   that   died   on   me   randomly   one   night .
buyer   beware   i   received   my   product   with   great   tracking   from   amazon .   i   felt   confident   when   ordering   the   brand   name   because   i   figured   they   had   years   of   experience   with   these   products .   i   purchased   this   item   new   in   the   box   and   i   have   had   wall   mount   dryers   before   and   are   an   easy   install .   conair   s   metal   wall   mount   holes   in   the   plate   were   too   small   for   the   screws   given .   there   was   no   way   to   screw   them   into   the   plate   to   attach   to   the   wall .   i   had   to   search   my   garage   for   self   tapping   metal   screws   to   match   the   hole   size   and   finally   after   a   good   hour   or   so   was   able   to   attach   the   wall   plate   that   holds   the   dryer .   once   i   unpacked   the   dryer   and   hung   it   on   the   wall   plate ,   i   noticed   the   dust   cover   on   the   back   of   the   dryer   looked   loose .   after   inspecting   the   problem ,   i   found   that   one   of   the   prongs   that   hold   it   to   the   dryer   was   missing .   to   add   to   all   the   existing   problems   the   grip   that   hold   the   hair   dryer   handle   was   so   loos   that   it   hardly   held   the   hair   dryer   in   place   when   it   is   sitting   back   in   the   cradle .   br   i   called   conair   customer   service   to   see   what   they   could   do   for   me   and   i   was   told   they   have   no   parts   for   this   hair   dryer .   i   would   need   to   contact   amazon   to   return   or   replace .   what   a   complete   waste   of   time   not   to   mention   i   threw   my   old   hair   dryer   out .   i   will   not   be   purchasing   another   conair   wall   mount   dryer   in   the   future .
2nd   one   in   2   years   broke   i   only   blow   dry   my   hair   straight   about   once   a   week .   although   i   liked   the   blowdryer ,   i   ve   had   blowdryers   last   years .   i   went   through   2   in   2   years .   so   not   so   good .
good   hair   dryer !   it   does   dry   my   hair   faster !   and   i   have   had   this   for   a   couple   months   and   can   find   nothing   that   i   do   not   like   about   it !
good   but ...   i   gave   this   a   four   because   the   adapter   that   fits   on   the   end   constantly   falls   off .
nice   product   well   built   good   product ,   good   price   fast   delivery   exactly   what   i   expected .   would   purchase   from   this   seller   again .   built   better   than   i   had   expected   and   well   thought   out .   makes   the   age   old   problem   of   hair   dryer   storage   and   cord   tangle   fade   away .   looks   good   on   the   wall   and   has   enough   cord   to   mount   just   about   anywhere   in   a   normal   bathroom .
this   is   a   great   dryer !   i   have   been   using   it   almost   daily   ...   this   is   a   great   dryer !   i   have   been   using   it   almost   daily   for   a   little   over   a   year   now   and   it   is   still   like   new .   it   is   easy   to   clean   the   intake   screen   and   the   cord   and   housing   still   look   like   new !   i   have   dropped   this   dryer   several   times   with   no   problems   what   so   every .   a   great   dryer   for   the   whole   family .
three   stars   looking   for   something   smaller   than   this   to   travel   with .
five   stars   arrived   quickly   and   works   great .
every   day   for   over   5   years   i   got   tired   of   cheaper   hair   dryers   burning   out   on   me ,   so   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   in   february   2009   over   5   years   ago .   i   use   it   every   day   and   it   s   still   working   great .   br   br   the   switches   for   off   low   high   and   low   medium   high   heat   are   on   the   handle   of   the   hair   dryer ,   and   yet   luckily   i   don   t   accidentally   hit   the   switches   when   i   m   holding   it .   br   br   this   isn   t   lightweight   and   it   takes   up   room   when   traveling ,   but   i   still   insist   on   bringing   this   with   me   on   trips .   very   happy   i   spent   the   extra   money   for   it   because   it   s   saved   me   money   i   don   t   have   to   replace   a   burned   out   hair   dryer   every   year .
well   designed ,   works   well   too .   used   this   hair   dryer   in   an   expensive   hotel   and   had   to   buy   one   for   home .   love   retractable   cord .   good   power .   fits   nicely   in   drawer   since   it   folds .
this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   for   the   priice   such   a   good   sized   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   this   is   not   a   mini ,   it   is   a   full   size   hair   dryer .   has   warm   and   hot   setting ,   basic   and   durable .
great   blowdryer   that   travels   well   i   travel   a   lot   and   this   blow   dryer   folds   down   to   fit   nicely   in   my   luggage .   it   s   powerful   and   drys   my   hair   quickly   without   34   frying   34   it .   i   ve   tried   more   expensive   models   both   andis   models   and   other   manufacturers   but   i   keep   coming   back   to   this   blow   dryer   because   it   simply   performs   better   than   all   others .
remington   ac2015   tstudio   salon   collection   after   careful   review   i   spent   the   extra   cash   to   purchase   this   hair   dryer .   i   ve   had   it   for   just   over   a   year   and   it   suddenly   quite   the   other   day .   i   doubt   remington   will   do   anything   since   it   s   just   past   the   one   year   mark .   i   feel   appliances   should   last   longer   than   a   year .   i   ve   yet   to   see   what   remington   will   or   won   t   do .   i   emailed   them   today   though   i   ve   read   they   have   substandard   costumer   service .   i   just   bought   a   16 .   conair   since   i   figure   it   s   going   to   break   within   2   years   anyway   why   spend   the   extra   cash   it   s   working   great   so   far   and   is   much   quieter   than   the   remington   and   the   air   is   softer   so   my   hair   doesn   t   tangle   while   i   style   it .   it   also   doesn   t   get   blazing   hot .   it   s   easier   to   hold   and   it   seems   to   be   better   for   my   hair .   i   love   it .
yes ,   buy   this   one .   i   really   like   this   dryer !   only   had   it   a   few   weeks   but   so   far   it   works   great !   it   arrives   set   for   a   lower   wattage   to   save   energy   and   i   did   not   even   bother   to   change   it .   it   drys   quickly   and   as   dryers   go ,   quietly .   the   night   light   is   still   burning   bright .   some   have   complained   too   bright   and   that   they   would   like   a   switch   to   turn   off   the   light .   you   can   always   unplug   it .   if   i   was   looking   for   faults   i   think   they   might   look   at   how   the   hand   held   blower   fits   the   wall   bracket .   it   is   somewhat   of   a   tightfit .   an   occasional   dab   of   soap   on   the   base   of   the   handle   eases   the   snap   in   and   out .   this   is   a   great   improvement   over   the   last   brand   we   had .
five   stars   excellent   hairdryer   for   travel .   folding   handle   makes   packing   much   easier   as   does   the   retractable   cord .   very   good   hair   dryer .
five   stars   great   dryer   and   seller
great   dryer   wonderful   dryer .   really   gets   my   hair   dry   quickly .   i   liked   it   so   much   that   i   bought   another   one   for   my   daughter .
took   it   back   i   liked   the   feel   of   it   in   my   hand ,   but   it   was   incredibly   loud .   i   thought   i   should   wear   hearing   protection   while   i   used   it .   i   couldn   t   take   it .   also ,   the   retractable   cord   worked   only   part   of   the   time .   i   returned   it   and   bought   a   remington .   i   would   definitely   not   recommend   the   conair   cord   keeper   to   a   friend .
andis   hair   dryer   cost   more   than   in   regular   store .... should   have   check   around   other   place   instead   on   one   store   before   i   bought   this   one   br   br  
highly   recommend   this   blow   dryer !   what   a   great   blow   dryer   for   an   even   better   price !   this   was   recommended   to   my   by   my   stylist   and   i   m   so   glad   i   didn   t   spend   the   big   bucks   on   a   salon   brand   dryer .   this   dryer   makes   such   a   huge   difference   in   my   hair   compared   to   the   revlon   i   used   to   use .   my   hair   takes   half   the   time   to   dry   and   looks   shiny   and   smooth   when   finished ,   just   like   it   looks   when   leaving   the   salon .   a   great   blow   dryer   really   does   make   all   the   difference .   save   your   money   and   get   this   one ,   you   won   t   regret   it !
excellent   hair   dryer   it   dries   hairs   fast   and   with   a   silky   look !   br   br   takes   less   time   to   get   wonderful   results   and   it   s   low   noise .   br   br   i   recomend   it
hotel   hairdryer   proved   great   used   this   product   at   a   courtyard   marriott   and   was   surprised   to   find   it   better   than   my   home   hair   dryer .   i   have   thick   hair .   it   usually   took   me   a   long   time   to   dry   my   hair   with   my   old   dryer   which   was   heavy ,   plus   the   cord   got   tangled ,   and   the   high   heat ,   which   i   need ,   often   got   too   hot .   this   ion   hair   dryer   had   none   of   those   issues   so   when   i   returned   home   i   looked   it   up   on   the   internet   and   was   delighted   to   find   it   reasonably   priced   and   bought   it .   i   ve   been   using   it   for   2   months   now   and   love   it .
nothing   special ...   i   am   an   african   american   women   with   thick   4b   4c   natural   hair .   i   bought   this   after   reading   some   good   reviews   and   i   have   to   say   it   wasn   t   that   great   for   me .   i   thought   it   would   be   a   bit   more   powerful   blowing   wise   and   it   was   just   didn   t   have   the   blowing   power   i   expected   and   didn   t   blow   my   hair   out   as   straight   as   i   am   used   to .   the   heat   settings   were   just   ok   also .   i   almost   could   not   feel   the   difference   in   medium   and   high   heat   and   to   be   honest   i   much   rather   prefer   the   dryers   with   separate   heat   and   speed   settings   because   you   have   more   control   over   how   much   heat   your   using   to   dry   your   hair .   the   comb   attachments   are   cheaply   made   ans   definitely   seem   like   the   break   easily .   overall   its   a   decent   blow   dryer   but   not   the   best   you   can   get   for   the   price .   i   m   actually   returning   mine   to   get   something   better .
great   dryer !   i   know   this   dryer   isn   t   the   newest   model   out   there ,   but ,   on   my   thin   fine   hair   it   s   just   perfect .   love   the   settings ,   it   s   not   to   heavy   or   bulky   in   any   way .   great   dryer   in   very   way   for   me .
great   love   the   yellowbird   hair   dryer .   it   does   a   great   job   in   blowing   out   my   natural   hair   to   the   length   that   i   want   compared   to   conair .   highly   recommend
it   s   nothing   special ...   there   are   many   models   that   have   the   same   number   of   speed   and   temperature   settings ,   so   the   only   reason   i   chose   this   model   over   others   was   the   retractable   cord ,   the   instructions   tell   you   to   be   careful   with   it   and   to   never   over   extend   the   cord .   i   babied   this   thing ,   but   the   retractable   cord   stopped   functioning   after   several   months .   the   high   speed   setting   is   equal   to   the   medium   speed   on   my   old   hairdryer .   it   dries   my   hair ,   but   plenty   of   other   cheaper   models   would   do   that   just   as   well .
conair   rocks   i   only   use   conair   blow   dryers .   this   one   is   smaller   than   my   last   one   which   was   5   years   old   .   the   barrel   is   shorter   making   it   easier   to   pack   for   a   trip .   br   br   ml
not   enough   power   and   doesn   t   get   hot   enough .   next   ...   not   enough   power   and   doesn   t   get   hot   enough .   next   time   i   need   one   i   will   go   back   to   solano   product .
no   power   when   using   high   speed   setting .   ordered   62   62   vidal   sassoon   vs783   1875   watt   60   60   that   has   a   lot   of   power   on   high   speed   setting .
great   love   the   color   ive   been   searching   for   a   blow   dryer   like   this   but   all   ive   been   seeing   are   cylinder   end   shaped   dryers   when   i   found   this   i   had   to   get   it !   it   shipped   in   two   days   which   was   great   too !   only   reason   i   didnt   give   5   stars   is   because   the   packaging   was   kind   of   beat   up   which   had   me   skeptical   for   a   little   minute   but   other   than   that   great   buy
love   it   this   hairdryer   is   pretty ,   smooth ,   and   makes   my   hair   incredibly   shiny ,   soft ,   smooth   and   frizz   free .   it   dries   my   hair   quicker   than   other   hairdryers   and   is   quieter   too .   love   it !
perfect ... i   love   it !   purchased   this   for   a   trip   to   italy   where   suitcase   space   was   such   a   premium .   it   performed   just   like   a   full   size   model   and   i   absolutely   love   it !
had   to   have   another   i   ordered   this   when   the   cord   on   the   same   exact   one   i   had   became   damaged .   i   had   it   for   about   5   years   and   didn   t   want   to   experiment   with   other   models   or   brands .   old   reliable   wins   for   me !
hair   dryer   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   because   i   broke   her   other   one .   she   likes   it ,   it   works   like   her   other   one .
conflicted   the   motor   whines   slightly   the   34   coating   34   on   the   body   is   flaking .   i   do   like   the   heat   it   can   put   out .   i   like   the   rubber   34   bumper   34   spots   they   have   around .   cord   is   just   long   enough   for   me   but   i   also   knew   length   before   ordering .
not   dual   voltage   if   you   are   looking   for   a   dual   voltage   travel   this   is   not   the   one .   i   m   not   sure   if   it   works   well ,   i   returned   it   because   it   wasn   t   dual .
getting   good   usage   from   it   i   m   able   to   straighten   my   daughter   s   very   kinky   hair   with   no   problems   with   the   comb   attachment .   no   problems   so   far ,   i   don   t   really   use   it   much ,   but   so   far   so   good .
nice   i   haven   t   used   it   yet   so   i   can   t   say   much .   i   m   waiting   till   we   move   and   i   ll   use   it   in   the   new   house .
love   this   little   blow   dryer !   this   little   blow   dryer   is   amazing !   it   s   very   light   weight   but   powerful .   i   was   needing   a   blow   dryer   that   wasn   t   so   heavy   and   this   dryer   is   the   one   for   the   job .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   wanting   a   lightweight   dryer   that   does   a   great   job   as   well !
conair   hair   dryer   worked   great   when   1st   used .   small   size   makes   it   easy   to   hold   and   use .   quit   working   after   1   months   use .
good   hair   dryer   this   is   a   good   hair   dryer .   it   gets   the   job   done   better   than   other   blow   dryers   i   have   tried   for   my   4a ,   4b   textured   ethnic   hair .   i   had   another   model   of   an   andis   hair   dryer   that   looked   similar   to   this   particular   andis   style   dryer   and   it   was   better   than   this   one   as   it   blow   dryed   my   hair   so   well   that   i   didn   t   even   need   to   flat   iron   my   hair   a   lot   of   times   because   it   was   that   efficient   with   the   proper   amount   of   heat   combined   with   the   fine   tooth   comb   attachment   without   causing   heat   damage   .   this   dryer   still   a   relief   for   me   as   i   had   been   going   without   a   good   blow   dryer   for   a   while   and   this   one   works   for   my   hair   compared   to   other   brands .
hair   dryer   works   great   only   complaint   is   that   when   using   the   attachment   it   doesn   t   always   stay   on   when   trying   to   change   the   diretion .
powerful   lil   thing !   it   is   soooo   light ,   it   s   more   powerful   than   expected !   i   have   medium   length   hair   and   it   dried   quickly   even   on   the   lower   setting .   this   is   my   1st   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   and   i   m   very   impressed .   i   plan   to   replace   my   daily   dryer   with   this   one   or   maybe   another   tourmaline   ceramic   one   because   it   has   definitely   improved   the   smoothness   of   my   hair .   also   comes   with   black   white   storage   bag   which   is   kinda   nice .   it   does   not   fold ,   which   i   knew   when   i   purchased   it   but   it   s   not   necessary   feature   since   it   s   so   small !   highly   recommend !
just   right !   this   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for !   i   stayed   in   a   hotel   in   nyc   and   this   is   the   hair   dryer   they   had   in   the   bathroom .   it   was   so   good   that   i   wrote   down   the   model   so   i   could   order   it   when   i   got   home .   it   dries   well ,   folds   up   perfectly   to   fit   in   my   cabinet ,   and   the   cord   even   pulls   in   so   i   can   easily   store   it   or   pack   it .
good   its   good . i   am   using   from   long   time   till   now   there   is   no   issues   and   easy   to   handle .   i   am   satisfied
ugh   did   not   like   it   at   all .   it   gets   way   too   hot   and   the   piece   does   not   stay   on .   save   your   money   and   buy   a   better   one .   there   are   no   heat   settings   so   you   are   stuck   with   the   hot   one   that   eventually   will   dry   out   your   hair .   i   had   to   return   it  
andis   micro   turbo   hairdyer   like   the   compact   feature .   love   the   strength   in   blowing   power .   great   for   travel   with   dual   wattage .   br   br   would   purchase   again .   br   br   it   s   a   keeper !
a   great   dryer .   when   you   don   t   feel   like   itting   under   a   dryer   or   blw   drying   your   hair   this   is   what   you   need .   i   can   carry   it   around   the   house   whille   it   drys   your   hair .
great   buy   all   around   if   you   happen   to   be   looking   for   a   no   frills   nice   performing   basic   hair   dryer   this   is   precisely   that   it   offers   no   bells   and   whistles   but   for   the   price   no   one   should   expect   such .   my   deciding   variable   in   a   hair   dryer   is   does   it   blow   dry   with   power   or   is   it   somewhat   lacking   in   this   area   i   ve   had   my   share   of   the   low   power   models   and   i   am   quite   picky   here   .   verdict   it   s   plenty   powerful   and   allows   for   a   quick   exit   out   the   door   every   morning .   br   br   update   as   of   today   10   21   16   i   officially   lay   to   rest   this   device .   honestly ,   it   has   been   used   24   7   365   for   just   about   2.5   years   which   for   me   qualifies   as   a   resounding   endorsement   of   the   product   at   the   time   i   paid   11   .   i   am   by   no   means   an   expert   in   this   area   but   i   assume   it   s   not   common   to   get   much   more   than   several   years   at   best   for   a   hair   dryer   subject   to   daily   use .
great   product   i   got   this   for   my   gf   and   she   loves   using   it .   she   used   to   hate   taking   showers   at   night   just   because   of   the   wet   hair   but   this   thing   changed   her   life  
wonderful   !   it   s   true ,   if   you   wait ,   the   best   will   come   to   you .   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   hair   dryer .   my   hair   dries   in   a   matter   of   seconds ,   no   kidding   !   however   the   retractable   cord   feature   34   does   not   work   34   .   but   that   s   ok   !   it   is   foldable .   and   i   am   glad   i   purchased   the   andis   rc   2   ionic   1875   ceramic   hair   dryer .
how   great   is   this   dryer ! ! !   i   love   this   product !   i   bought   it   because   the   cord   is   retractable   which   eliminates   winding   around   the   handle   or   a   big   tangle   when   storing .   the   biggie   though   is   how   much   quieter   it   is   than   my   old   dryer   then   there   is   the   benefit   of   how   much   faster   it   dries   my   hair .   love ,   love ,   love   it ! ! !
even   better   than   the   last   model   i   don   t   style   my   hair   with   a   dryer ,   i   just   blow   it   for   volume ,   then   use   the   curling   iron   if   i   m   in   the   mood .   my   previous   one   was   dying ,   and   i   ve   found   most   of   the   dryers   today   to   be   big   and   heavy ,   with   smallish   nozzles   for   a   more   concentrated   flow   for   styling .   they   take   forever   if   you   just   want   to   blow   your   long   hair   dry .   this   is   that   same   model   as   my   last   one ,   only   with   half   again   more   power .   and   it   s   very   compact   and   lightweight ,   with   a   large   nozzle   for   lots   of   airflow .   it   s   also   quieter   than   most   the   big   ones   i   ve   tried   and   given   away .   love   it ,   love   it ,   love   it .
i   like   it   so   far   lightweight   and   works   fine   so   far .   i   ve   had   it   about   a   week   now .   longer   barrel   than   the   one   i   had   before   it .   no   cool   shot   button ,   only   high   heat   and   low   heat ,   which   is   a   little   cooler   but   not   much   than   the   high   heat .   my   hair   dries   pretty   fast   with   it .   it   s   a   pretty   good   buy   in   my   opinion .   my   hair   is   long   and   fine   and   breaks   easily   is   the   reason   i   got   it   since   ionic   lower   wattage   dryers   are   suppose   to   be   better   for   my   hair   type .
finally   found   one ...   this   is   the   third   time   i   have   purchased   this   dryer   over   the   last   10   years .   they   have   each   had   a   different   name ,   but   the   same   features .   i   have   fairly   long   thick   hair ,   and   need   the   multiple   speeds   and   heat   settings   available   on   this   model .   off   is   not   a   speed !   the   first   2   each   lasted   5   years   or   more ,   and   for   an   inexpensive   dryer   that   gets   used   every   day ,   i   think   that   s   pretty   darn   amazing .   only   one   tiny   complaint   the   cord   needs   to   be   a   bit   longer ...   i   was   going   to   purchase   a   second   dryer   to   leave   at   the   beach   house ,   but   2   weeks   after   the   original   purchase ,   the   price   had   almost   doubled .   boooooooo ...
brush   is   too   soft   i   have   used   this   type   of   blow   dryer   my   whole   life   and   thought   i   would   try   this   brand .   the   brush   is   way   to   soft .   i   was   going   to   return   it ,   but   missed   the   30   day   return   window ,   so   now   it   is   in   the   guest   bath .   i   purchased   the   infinity   pro   by   conair ,   and   it   was   exactly   what   i   needed .
attachments   fall   off   every   minute   or   so ,   cord   too   short   title   says   it   all .   i   have   no   issues   with   the   heat   of   this   dryer ,   but   the   cord   is   very   short   i   need   an   extension   cord   to   use   it   ,   and   the   nozzles   fall   off   constantly .
just   fine !   great   price ,   great   blow   dryer !   i   travel   a   lot   and   always   need   a   small   but   powerful   one .   i   end   up   leaving   mine   behind   when   i   go   to   places   such   as   cuba   where   they   can   t   get   any ,   and   i   simply   replace   it   when   i   get   home .
elevate   hair   drier   i   bought   this   product   even   after   reading   negative   reviews .   i   ve   only   used   it   twice   since   it   was   delivered .   i   haven   t   had   the   problems   that   many   mentioned .   it   didn   t   deliver   the   velocity   of   air   flow   i   had   hoped   for   and   i   have   thin   long   hair .   it   hasn   t   cut   down   my   drying   time   but   has   left   my   hair   smoother   than   my   old   drier .
not   the   same   as   the   first   one   i   bought   a   second   one   about   6   months   ago ,   since   i   loved   the   first   one   i   had   for   5   years .   the   first   retractable   cord   was   great .   it   dried   my   hair   quickly .   this   one   is   very   different .   first   the   cord   doesn   t   retract   completely .   it   didn   t   after   the   first   week .   then ,   this   week   the   plug   cracked   wide   open .   the   cheap   plastic   just   cracked .   i   don   t   remember   hitting   it   on   anything ,   but   maybe   it   happened   when   i   tried   plugging   it   into   an   old   outlet .   whatever   happened ,   i   ve   never   had   a   plug   crack   wide   open   before .   like   many   other   new   appliances   on   the   market ,   this   one   is   inferior   to   the   exact   same   model   we   could   buy   5   years   ago .
good   temp   range ,   but ....   so   glad   to   have   a   hair   dryer   that   had   a   good   range   of   temperatures .   and   so   much   less   noisy   that   my   old   dryer .   but   the   location   of   the   buttons   make   it   difficult   to   hold .   and   the   high   speed   does   not   work   unless   i   press   down   on   the   top   of   that   button .   i   will   keep   it ,   but   am   disappointed .
good   bang   for   your   buck   happy   with   my   new   hair   dryer .   just   a   minor   issue ....   br   br   pros   lightweight ,   durable   i   have   2   teenagers   that   bang   this   thing   around   br   cons   the   attachment   started   to   pop   if   you   bumped   it ... however ,   i   just   bought   some   black   electrical   tape   from   dollar   tree   and   taped   the   attachment   on   we   use   it   all   the   time   and   haven   t   had   any   issues   since .
buy   it !   i   love   this   device !   the   power   is   amazing .   my   hair   is   dry   in   minutes .   it   feels   really   nice   in   your   hands   too .
hair   dryer   this   dryer   does   a   great   job   and   would   merit   5   stars   if   it   were   just   a   tad   smaller   in   size !
great   dryer   although   compact   it   delivers !   my   hair   dries   pretty   quickly .   it   does   a   great   job .   i   use   this   one   more   than   my   regular   size   expensive   dryer .
awesome !   this   is   an   incredibly   powerful   hair   dryer   for   the   size .   for   years   i   have   run   across   this   exact   hair   dryer   at   5   star   hotels   all   across   the   country   caribbean .   i   have   really   long ,   thick   hair   always   dreaded   using   the   cheaply   hotel   dryers   because   they   took   forever   to   dry   my   hair .   this   one   worked   like   a   charm   time   time   again .   br   br   finally ,   i   looked   it   up   couldn   t   believe   how   inexpensive   it   was .   i   ordered   1   for   my   house   2   for   my   beach   house .   had   them   almost   2   years   now   they   still   work   great ! !   br   br   my   only   issue   is   that   the   retractable   cord   gets   where   it   won   t   retract   sometimes ,   but   the   dryer   is   still   powerful   works   like   a   charm !
happy   camper !   great   little   dryer ,   especially   for   the   price .   we   boondock   in   our   motorhome   all   the   time   and   don   t   always   want   to   turn   on   the   generator   ti   dry   my   hair .   this   little   unit   has   much   better   deying   power   than   i   expected .   very   happy   camper !
conair   1875   watt   ionic   conditioning   hair   dryer   was   cheep   and   excellent   home   dryer ,   ladies   can   use   it   without   burning   their   hair . i   recommend   this   dryer   to   be   used   at   home   for   every   body   in   the   family .
worked   perfectly   used   it   in   southern   france .   directions   very   clear   about   how   to   switch   the   voltage .   still   needs   the   plug   adapter ,   but   i   knew   that   when   i   bought   it .   folds   up   nicely ,   very   powerful   for   such   a   small   dryer .
smart   for   hair   very   light   and   drys   fast !   really   quit   and   happy   i   bought   this   t3   hair   dryer   you   will   be   happy   to   ! !
larger   and   heavier   than   expected   it   is   quite   larger   and   heavier   than   i   anticipated .   i   know   that   the   cord   retracts   into   the   handle   but   if   the   handle   were   a   little   narrower ,   it   would   make   gripping   it   easier   for   someone   with   smallish   hands   like   myself .   other   than   that   it   is   a   great   hair   dryer .
so   far   so   good .   after   reading   the   good   to   excellent   reviews   i   purchased   the   dryer   recently .   the   delivery   was   speedy   and   all   the   parts   were   included .   my   adult   son ,   who   s   good   at   assembling   things ,   put   it   together   for   me .   i   m   african   american   with   long   locs   that   i   roll   up   on   curlers   and   my   hair   dried   evenly   at   a   comfortable   setting .   i   had   to   place   thick   cushions   on   my   folding   chair ,   which   is   somewhat   low ,   to   sit   high   enough   for   my   head   to   be   covered   under   the   dryer .   i   wasn   t   able   to   adjust   the   height   locking   knob   to   lower   the   hood .   i   ll   have   to   call   on   my   son   again .   i   love   the   convenience   of   giving   my   hair   a   deep   heat   conditioning ,   rinsing ,   rolling   it   on   rollers ,   then   drying   it   with   my   own   professional   bonnet   style   hood   dryer .   my   curls   were   soft   and   springy .   i   ve   only   used   it   once   and   so   far   so   good   for   the   price ,   timer   and   range   of   heat   settings ,   size   of   the   hood ,   ease   of   use ,   and   aesthetics .
wife   loves   it   i   purchased   this   for   my   wife   and   she   absolutely   loves   it .   she   says   that   it   dries   her   hair   fast   without   leaving   it   frizzy .   in   fact ,   we   ve   noticed   that   her   hair   has   more   shine   to   it   since   using   the   mk   ii   air .   br   br   pros   br   light   weight ,   especially   for   such   a   powerful   unit   br   3   settings   where   many   only   have   2   br   quiet   even   on   the   highest   setting   br   br   cons   br   cost .   we   ve   never   paid   so   much   for   a   hair   dryer .   br   br   this   was   more   than   we   wanted   to   pay   but   we   both   agree   that   it   is   worth   every   penny .   this   has   our   highest   recommendation .
i   loved   this   hair   dryer ,   but ...   i   have   owned   this   type   of   hair   dryer   for   about   8   years .   however ,   this   particular   hair   dryer   i   just   bought   in   september   2013   to   replace   the   previous   hair   dryer   that   was   the   same   as   this ,   but   it   was   a   different   color .   it   has   worked   perfectly   well   until   the   other   day .   br   br   i   don   t   know   if   anyone   else   has   ever   had   this   experience   ever !   i   have   sometimes   left   my   dryer   plugged   into   my   outlet   after   blow   drying   my   hair   and   this   time   was   no   different .   but   after   my   last   usage   on   tuesday   i   became   sick   and   paid   no   attention   to   the   dryer   laying   on   the   counter   in   my   bathroom .   but   i   kept   smelling   a   sweet   smell   coming   from   the   bathroom   area   and   just   thought   it   was   my   plug   in   freshener .   i   had   just   bought   a   new   insert .   but   the   next   day   i   saw   a   puddle   of   red   underneath   my   dryer   and   i   saw   that   the   area   next   to   the   plug   reel   up   was   melting ! !   really ,   does   something   like   that   happen .   i   pulled   the   dryer   plug   immediately   and   put   the   dryer   on   a   paper   towel   and   it   continued   to   seem   to   melt .   red   kept   flowing   from   it   for   quite   awhile .   this   could   have   been   a   fire   issue   and   something   inside   the   dryer   overheated .   i   don   t   know .   but   i   do   know   i   feel   uncomfortable   using   it   and   threw   it   away   and   will   have   to   purchase   a   new   one .   to   conair   ...   shame   on   you   for   manufacturing   such   a   shoddy   piece   of   equipment !   if   anyone   be   able   to   illuminate   me   on   what   happened   or   has   experienced   the   same   thing ,   please   reply   and   let   me   know .   oh   and   i   gave   this   dryer   3   stars   because   it   worked   perfectly   up   until   the   melting .   in   fact   i   m   upset   that   i   won   t   get   to   continue   using   it ,   but   i   won   t   take   the   chance   now .
great   dryer   quiet   i   love   this   dryer ,   because   has   several   drying   setting ,   cool ,   warm ,   or   hot ,   high   ,   low ,   negative   ion ,   netural   ion ,   my   husband   mention   how   quiet   this   blow   dryer   is   to   use   and   how   fast   it   dries   the   hair .
great ,   affordable   hairdryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   my   friend   had   it   and   i   liked   it   so   much   that   i   bought   one   for   myself .   it   comes   with   the   two   attachments   and   the   different   heat   settings   are   great   if   you   need   to   dry   your   hair   quickly   or   if   you   are   taking   your   time   to   style .
great   product   light   weight   and   dries   hair   fast !   super   quiet   as   advertised .   highly   recommend !   this   is   a   great   product   at   a   great   price !
quiet !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   s   super   quiet   and   doesn   t   get   too   hot   on   the   medium   setting   as   with   many   other   hair   dryers .   i   highly   recommend   this   one .
glad   i   stuck   with   conair   my   old   hair   dryer   was   a   conair   that   i   had   for   about   30   years ,   so   when   replacing   i   felt   confident   in   buying   this   brand .   i   did   not   have   an   ionic   one   before ,   so   this   one   is   a   big   improvement .   my   hair   turns   out   much   better   and   it   takes   much   less   time   to   dry   than   my   old   one .   i   am   very   happy   with   this   selection .   i   have   not   tried   the   attachments   yet ,   but   plan   on   it   soon .
really   powerful   and   easy   to   handle .   my   wife   loves   it ,   much   easier   to   handle   than   her   old   1850   watt   hair   dryer ,   and   doesn   t   pop   our   circuit   breaker   as   it   draws   only   15   amps .
the   best   one   i   have   ever   had   if   i   knew   this   hair   dryer   was   this   good .   more   than   just   good   ,   i   wouldn   t   spend   to   buy   many   hair   dryers   in   the   past .   this   one   is   very   quiet   and   powerful .   the   dryer   is   still   cool   after   use   it .   buy   one .   you   won   t   regret .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   owned   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   quiet ,   but   powerful .   i   used   it   to   replace   a   remington   hair   dryer   that   only   lasted   me   a   couple   years .   i   m   hoping   this   one   last   much   longer
powerful   hairdryer   i   was   looking   for   a   lightweight ,   powerful   hairdryer ,   and   this   fits   the   bill .   i   m   very   happy   with   the   purchase   and   would   recommend   it .
love ,   love ,   love   this   i   love   this   as   it   never   gets   too   hot   and   of   course   it   s   fairly   portable .   i   can   do   things   in   the   kitchen   as   i   dry   my   hair .   it   s   nice   that   it   has   a   brush   attachment   as   well ,   like   that   a   lot .
works   great .   lots   of   features   the   cord   is   a   little   short   but   this   machine   is   strong   sturdy   and   well   built .   so   far   so   good .   i   m   happy   w   the   purchase .
not   quiet   fried   my   hair   if   you   re   extremely   sensitive   to   sound   and   are   looking   for   a   quiet   dryer ,   this   is   not   for   you .   still   had   to   wear   earplugs   during   use   i   wasn   t   expecting   a   whisper   quiet   operation   for   the   price ,   but   this   is   not   quiet .   it   still   woke   up   someone   sleeping   in   the   next   room .   br   br   even   using   the   dryer   as   far   as   i   could   reach   from   my   head ,   while   using   a   round   ceramic   brush ,   this   thing   managed   to   tangle   and   damage   my   fine   hair .   i   now   have   tons   of   split   ends   that   i   did   not   have   while   using   what   i   thought   was   an   inferior   dryer .   the   15   cheapo   dryer   i   picked   up   at   a   big   box   store   worked   better   at   about   the   same   noise   level .
review   of   the   mk   ii   air   ionique   hair   dryer   i   was   looking   to   replace   my   hair   dryer   but   didn   t   want   to   spend   over   a   hundred   dollars   for   it .   i   checked   with   amazon   and   the   onei   mk   ii   hair   dryer   was   featured   for   less   than   half   that   price .   i   figured   if   it   wasn   t   that   good   i   would   keep   it   as   a   back   up .   i   am   happy   to   report   that   this   is   a   wonderful   hair   dryer .   it   works   without   the   heat   burning   your   scalp   and   it   is   more   quiet   than   most   hair   dryers .   my   hair   retains   water   and   usually   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   but   this   hair   dryer   does   it   faster .   i   use   this   hair   dryer   every   day   and   will   order   another   for   my   beach   house .   another   good   quality   is   that   for   a   full   size   hair   dryer ,   it   is   lighter   than   most .
good   blowdryer   so   when   i   went   to   look   for   a   blowdryer   all   i   really   wanted   it   have   was   attachments   because   i   realized   that   not   all   blowdryers   come   with   attachments   especially   the   one   for   curly   hair   with   the   little   prongs .   when   i   saw   this   one ,   i   was   pretty   much   mesmerized   not   only   did   it   come   with   attachments   including   the   diffuser   ,   but   it   was   pink   and   it   a   had   button   that   would   reel   the   cord   in   for   you .   when   i   got   it   though ,   did   that   remain   true   yes !   the   length   of   the   cord   might   not   be   the   longest   but   it   isn   t   short   either   it   s   a   rather   standard   size   i   suppose .   it   works   perfectly   like   any   other   blowdryer .   i   think   the   only   reason   i   am   putting   four   stars   at   this   point   is   because   after   being   so   into   the   reeling   feature   ,   the   reel   started   having   problems   about   2   3   months   into   owning   the   blowdryer .   was   it   serious   no ,   i   can   still   push   the   cord   into   the   blowdryer   and   everything   is   working   fine .   so   if   this   isn   t   going   to   be   a   problem   with   you   i   d   recommend   it .   it   was   a   good   buy ,   and   i   ended   up   coming   back   and   buying   another   one   of   these   for   a   friend .
perfect   for   curly   hair   this   blow   dryer   does   not   dry   out   my   hair ... while   a   little   loud ... i   have   soft   hair   after   using   this   dryer   everytime
finally   a   hair   dryer   that   does   exactly   what   it   should ...   i   looked   for   months   to   find   a   hair   dryer   that   had   3   heat   settings   low ,   med ,   high   and   3   actual   fan   speeds   low ,   med ,   high   .   it   drives   me   crazy   that   manufacturers   include   off   as   a   fan   speed   when   in   my   mind ,   off   is   the   lack   of   speed .   br   br   anyway ,   this   hair   dryer   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .   i   ve   been   using   it   for   a   couple   weeks   now .   i   wanted   to   get   some   uses   under   my   belt   before   i   wrote   a   review .   the   review   is   long   but   i   m   trying   to   cover   all   the   topics .   br   br   fan   speeds   br   high   it   s   a   good   high   speed   but   not   one   that   will   blow   you   into   the   next   room .   i   d   compare   it   to   a   high   speed   found   on   a   good   quality   salon   dryer .   br   med   finally ! ! !   a   real   medium   speed .   i   have   very   fine   hair .   it   was   hard   for   me   to   use   2   speed   dryers   because   usually   the   low   was   too   low   and   took   forever   to   dry   my   hair   and   the   high   would   make   me   look   like   i   stuck   my   finger   in   an   electrical   socket .   the   medium   speed   was   enough   to   dry   my   hair   in   a   reasonable   time   and   allow   me   to   style   it .   br   low   a   reasonable   low   speed .   good   for   curly   hair   to   keep   it   from   frizzing .   br   br   heat   settings   br   high   certainly   hot   but   not   so   much   that   it   burned   my   fingers   or   scalp   when   drying .   br   med   this   is   the   setting   i   use   most .   it   has   enough   heat   to   dry   my   fine   hair   quickly   without   causing   it   to   look   damaged .   br   low   nice   to   use   for   curls   or   a   slower ,   more   refined   dry   style .   br   br   noise   level   much   quieter   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   i   have   some   more   expensive   dryers   that   i   d   like   to   wear   ear   plugs   with .   even   my   boyfriend   commented   on   the   lower   sound .   br   br   buttons   controls   some   people   have   commented   on   the   stiffness   of   the   slide   adjustments .   are   they   stiff   a   bit .   but   honestly ,   i   d   rather   them   that   way .   the   slide   controls   for   the   fan   and   heat   are   right   where   you   are   going   to   hold   the   dryer   when   using   it .   in   my   opinion ,   they   need   to   be   stiff   so   you   don   t   move   them   accidentally   when   you   are   using   the   dryer .   nothing   i   hate   more   than   drying   my   hair   only   to   have   my   thumb   hit   a   switch   to   high   and   blast   myself   on   accident .   i   have   arthritis   in   my   hands   and   fingers   but   i   don   t   find   the   slides   hard   to   move .   it   just   takes   a   deliberate   motion   to   move   them   up   or   down .   the   cold   shot   button   is   easy   to   push   in   and   not   difficult   to   hold   for   longer   periods   if   you   need   to .   br   br   attachments   it   comes   with   a   diffuser   and   a   concentrator   attachment .   both   function   quite   well .   they   snap   in ,   so   no   falling   off   while   you   re   using   them .   the   push   buttons   used   to   detach   are   easy   to   push .   br   br   as   a   whole   br   this   dryer   is   a   fantastic   buy !   i   m   going   to   order   another   one   to   keep   as   a   back   up .   the   cord   has   a   nice   little   strap   to   keep   it   bundled   up   if   you   need   to   travel   with   it   or   store   it .   the   3   real   fan   speeds   and   heat   settings   are   what   you   would   expect   them   to   be .   it   doesn   t   get   hot   on   the   exterior   when   you   use   it   and   it   won   t   blow   out   your   eardrums   either   which   gives   it   a   big   thumbs   up   in   my   book .   the   color   seems   pretty   close   to   what   is   pictured   on   amazon   s   site   it   s   nice ,   but   i   really   didn   t   buy   it   for   looks .   it   dries   hair   quickly   and   without   causing   frizz .   there   was   no   buyers   remorse   with   this   guy .   it   was   well   worth   the   time   i   spent   looking   and   well   worth   the   money   i   paid . switch   to   high   and   blast   myself   on   accident .   i   have   arthritis   in   my   hands   and   fingers   but   i   don   t   find   the   slides   hard   to   move .   it   just   takes   a   deliberate   motion   to   move   them   up   or   down .   the   cold   shot   button   is   easy   to   push   in   and   not   difficult   to   hold   for   longer   periods   if   you   need   to .   br   br   attachments   it   comes   with   a   diffuser   and   a   concentrator   attachment .   both   function   quite   well .   they   snap   in ,   so   no   falling   off   while   you   re   using   them .   the   push   buttons   used   to   detach   are   easy   to   push .   br   br   as   a   whole   br   this   dryer   is   a   fantastic   buy !   i   m   going   to   order   another   one   to   keep   as   a   back   up .   the   cord   has   a   nice   little   strap   to   keep   it   bundled   up   if   you   need   to   travel   with   it   or   store   it .   the   3   real   fan   speeds   and   heat   settings   are   what   you   would   expect   them   to   be .   it   doesn   t   get   hot   on   the   exterior   when   you   use   it   and   it   won   t   blow   out   your   eardrums   either   which   gives   it   a   big   thumbs   up   in   my   book .   the   color   seems   pretty   close   to   what   is   pictured   on   amazon   s   site   it   s   nice ,   but   i   really   didn   t   buy   it   for   looks .   it   dries   hair   quickly   and   without   causing   frizz .   there   was   no   buyers   remorse   with   this   guy .   it   was   well   worth   the   time   i   spent   looking   and   well   worth   the   money   i   paid .
best   hair   dryer   out   there   for   under   100   read   the   other   positive   reviews   and   decided   to   purchase   this   model .   br   have   not   been   disappointed .   br   works   as   promised   and   although   no   hair   dryer   is   truly   34   quiet   34   ,   this   one   comes   close .   br   highly   recommend !
lightweight   and   quiet   i   am   still   getting   used   to   the   dryer .   as   a   blow   out   stylist ,   it   is   hard   to   transition   to   a   new   hair   dryer .   it   is   lightweight   and   quiet .   i   am   not   sure   if   i   notice   a   big   difference   with   the   ion   button .   it   could   just   be   me ,   i   do   move   quickly   from   client   to   client .
great   this   is   a   very   simple   but   great   blower .   we   are   using   it   daily   and   are   happy   with   it .   good   product .
great   hairdryer   great   for   traveling .   have   a   little   trouble   getting   cord   to   retract   but   i   haven   t   used   it   much ,   so   should   loosen   up   as   i   use   it .
wish   it   had   a   comb   attachment   it   s   soooo   tiny ,   and   powerful .   it   works   great   so   far   for   it   s   purpose .   the   only   thing   i   d   want   is   a   comb   attachment ... cause   you   know ,   natural   hair   needs   to   be   straightened   sometimes .   overall   great   product ,   especially   for   curls
disappointing   this   item   was   disappointing .   i   was   hoping   that   it   would   pack   the   same   punch   as   the   larger   version   but   it   s   not   as   strong .
burned   out   at   about   the   5th   use   worked   well   until   it   burned   out .   worked   well   with   both   voltage   settings .   it   trash   now .   would   not   recommend   this   dryer .
awesome   this   dryer   is   great .   it   compares   with   a   100   dryer   for   a   fraction   of   the   cost .   i   was   so   excited   to   find   this   on   amazon ,   as   it   s   so   much   cheaper   than   at   ulta .   really ,   really   great   device ,   and   the   attachments   only   add   to   that .
this   blows !   yeah ,   it   will   dry   your   hair .   what   else   do   you   want   it   to   do   it   won   t   work   without   electricity   though .
awesome   this   is   the   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   it   is   extremely   light   weight   and   my   thick   hair   is   blow   dried   very   quickly   without   my   arm   getting   tired   and   sore .   my   hair   looks   amazing   too ,   shiny   ans   smooth .   in   the   past ,   i   often   didn   t   dry   all   the   way   because   it   took   too   long ,   but   now   my   hair   looks   great   everyday   because   it   works   so   effectively   by   drying   so   fast .   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   definately   worth   the   money .
after   9   months   fried   itself   to   the   surge   protector   i   splurged   for   a   really   nice   blow   dryer .   it   was   pretty   quiet   and   did   the   job   every   other   day   pretty   normal   usage .   but ,   this   morning   while   using   it ,   it   just   stopped .   i   tried   to   unplug   it   from   the   surge   protector   and   it   had   fused   itself   to   it .   not   what   i   expected   from   an   80   hair   dryer .   i   m   just   glad   it   wasn   t   plugged   into   the   wall .   would   not   recommend .
terrific !   size   and   weight   are   what   i   had   hoped   for   when   purchasing   this   dryer   for   my   upcoming   trip   overseas !   can   t   wait
great   dryer   at   first !   i   ordered   this   dryer   based   on   all   the   good   reviews   but   also   a   little   apprehensive   because   of   of   the   few   negative   reviews ,   but   because   of   the   price ,   i   decided   to   try   it .   i   am   glad   i   bought   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   very   light   and   quiet   and   i   like   that   there   is   a   cool   air   button   so   you   don   t   have   to   keep   your   finger   on   it   like   most   dryers .   great   dryer   for   me !   i   am   now   reviewing   after   5   months   of   use .   well ...... it   died   on   me   today   it   did   perform   well   while   it   worked !   disappointed ! ! !
quiet ,   light   and   really   works   after   years   with   my   old   hairdryer ,   i   found   that   the   new ,   cheaper   ones   were   just   that ,   cheap .   this   is   great   hairdryer .   it   actually   makes   my   hair   look   better   gives   my   short   hair   more   body .   it   is   very   quiet   my   dogs   don   t   run   out   of   the   bathroom !   works   great   and   feels   like   it   should   last ...
doesn   t   fit   my   blow   dryer .   beware   if   your   dryer   has   a   wide   and   or   short   barrel .   won   t   fit .   there   should   be   a   way   to   find   this   out   before   actual   purchase ,   but   information   on   fit   is   a   bit   vague .
hair   dryer   this   is   ok   for   personal   use   but   not   a   beauty   shop .   the   extended   legs   get   in   the   way   and   is   not   easy   to   maneuver .   heat   is   ok   not   real   hot .   i   would   recommend   for   home   use   only .
great   product   and   super   fast   shipping   love   the   hairdryer !   just   what   i   was   looking   for   and   perfect   for   taking   with   on   trips   instead   of   packing   the   big   dryer !
very   good   product   the   item   arrived   perfectly   on   time   and   in   great   condition .   it   has   an   adequate   blowing   system   and   heating   for   my   medium   texture   of   hair .
its   great   i   love   this   blow   dryer   its   like   one   of   the   coolest   things   ive   ever   seen   i   got   tired   of   the   wires   from   a   blow   dryer   being   all   on   the   floor   and   ground   and   this   product   eliminates   that   problem   its   pretty   strong   too .
  there   is   definitely   potential   to   overheat .   at   least   that   s   what   it   smells   like ,   so   i   don   t   use   the   hottest   setting ,   but   it   is   very   quiet
garbage .   no   heat   after   1.5   months   of   use   i   bought   this   in   april ,   by   the   beginning   of   june   the   heating   element   went .   i   was   drying   my   hair ... turned   off   dryer   to   bring   my   daughter   to   the   bus ... walked   back   in   turned   on   the   dryer   and   there   was   no   heat .   ridiculous .
best   blow   dryer   ever .   i   have   very   thick ,   frizzy ,   and   what   you   could   call   34   confused   34   hair   not   wavy   or   curly   or   straight   .   i   have   straightened   my   hair   with   a   blow   dryer   since   i   was   13   years   old .   needless   to   say ,   i   have   been   through   a   lot   of   blow   dryers .   this   is   the   best   one   i   have   ever   had .   i   m   on   my   second   and   about   to   buy   my   third   for   backup   .   it   does   get   pretty   hot ,   but   i   alternate   with   the   low   and   high   setting   depending   on   which   part   of   my   hair   i   m   doing   and   how   much   is   in   the   piece .   i   highly   recommend   this   blow   dryer   if   you   have   thick ,   unruly   hair   as   myself ,   it   s   a   beast .   what   used   to   take   me   hours   now   takes   me   30   40   minutes   tops .   very   happy .
like   it   a   lot   i   had   a   really   old   conair   that   i   liked   but   it   was   quite   shabby ,   so   replaced   it   with   what   i   knew   should   be   a   good   hairdryer .   the   different   heat   levels   are   great   with   the   cool   down   to   set   the   curl
stopped   working   after   a   few   uses   it   shut   off   and   will   not   come   back   on .   i   only   used   it   about   five   times .   i   think   it   got   too   hot .   i   have   another   product   that   will   do   that   but   if   you   let   it   sit ,   it   will   come   back   on .   after   two   days ,   i   threw   it   in   the   trash .   waste   of   money   and   time .
great   dryer   i   am   a   fan   of   t3   items   for   years ,   this   dryer   seems   to   dry   my   hair   very   fast ,   leaving   it   shiny
i   m   glad   i   made   the   purchase !   i   first   used   this   hair   dryer   in   a   hotel   after   that   i   had   to   have   one .   i   found   it   on   amazon ,   made   the   purchase   and   i   am   very   pleased   with   my   purchase .
just   okay   the   hair   dryer   performance   is   very   good .   the   cord   is   a   problem .   while   the   retractable   cord   is   a   great   idea ,   it   is   not   long   enough .   often   when   i   use   it ,   it   stalls   because   of   the   pulling   on   the   cord   at   the   plug   outlet .
best   hair   dryer   i   wasted   so   much   money   on   a   few   hair   dryers ,   i   wish   i   would   have   ordered   this   one   first ,   its   a   really   great   hair   dryer
now   my   home   hair   dryer   i   stayed   at   a   lowe   s   hotel   in   la   last   year   and   they   had   this   hairdryer   in   the   hotel   room   and   feel   in   love   with   it .   i   liked   it   s   compact ,   lightweight   feel   and   it   comes   with   a   diffuser   that   i   keep   on   all   the   time .   i   find   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   it   was   relatively   inexpensive   for   the   19   i   paid   for   it .
love   it !   works   great ,   not   heavy   on   the   hands   to   use   and   it   doesn   t   fry   my   hair   .   i   have   baby   thin   fly   away   wavy   hair   and   this   blower   keeps   it   in   control   with   minimal   heat   .   definitely   recommend !   as   usual   amazon   delivers   on   time   or   before   time .
great   dryer   wanted   same   brand   and   wattage   they   have   on   the   wall   at   our   y .   br   perfect .   just   what   my   spouse   was   looking   for .
travel   abroad   i   purchased   this   because   i   travel   abroad   quite   a   bit   and   needed   a   reliable   hair   dryer .   i   took   this   and   all   of   my   friends   took   theirs .   mine   was   the   only   one   left   standing .   the   dual   wattage   allows   me   to   use   this   in   america   and   also   when   i   go   places .   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   product .
lightweight   with   several   settings   product   arrived   on   schedule .   have   looked   for   several   years   for   a   decent ,   reasonably   br   priced   hairdryer   which   is   lightweight   with   several   heat   settings ,   and   not   too   loud !   br   the   decibel   level   was   always   the   deal   breaker .   not   with   this   revlon   hairdryer .   very   br   pleased ! !
love   this   hair   dryer   this   is   a   great ,   lightweight   hair   dryer .   i   have   very   thick   hirt   hair   and   this   dryer   dries   it   quickly   and   nicely .
amazing   dryer !   i   tried   this   hair   dryer   in   a   very   upscale   marriott   hotel   and   was   so   impressed   i   came   home   and   purchased .   lightweight   and   powerful .
fabulous   great   hair   dryer .   drys   my   hair   quickly   with   less   frizzy   dried   out   hair .   would   definiitely   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   all
great   deal   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   and   a   great   deal ,   the   price   is   definitely   a   steal   for   a   very   nice ,   good   working   dryer
hair   dryer   i   take   this   hair   dryer   anytime   i   travel .   it   s   small ,   but   still   has   the   drying   capabilities   of   a   normal   sized   hair   dryer .   purchased   this   through   amazon   a   few   years   ago   and   it   s   still   working   as   good   as   the   first   time   i   used   it .
keep   your   bathroom   tidy   this   is   the   third   time   i   have   bought   this   model .   i   love   that   it   mounts   on   the   wall   so   i   don   t   have   it   in   a   drawer   or   on   the   counter .   the   night   light   is   a   bonus .   each   one   lasts   about   5   years   before   the   plastic   breaks   or   wears   out .
good   but   slightly   heavy   this   dryer   is   works   really   well   on   my   thick   african   american   and   mexican   american   hair   and   very   quickly .   i   bought   it   mainly   because   of   the   comb   attachment .   it   s   slightly   heavier   than   other   hair   dryers   but   is   also   more   visually   appealing .   if   you   switch   attachments   while   you   dry   your   hair   this   isn   t   or   you ,   they   get   very   hot .   hope   this   helps .
meh   this   blow   dryer   does   not   get   hot   enough   to   straighten   curly   thick   hair   using   the   tension   method .   i   tried   using   this   on   myself   my   hair   is   mostly   wavy   and   with   an   loose   s   curl   at   the   ends ,   and   it   did   nothing   for   me .   my   sister   tried   this   too   and   she   has   thick   hair   did   not   work   for   her   either .   i   was   disappointed   because   i   bought   this   as   a   christmas   present   for   her   because   she   needed   a   new   blow   dryer .   i   thought   the   john   frieda   brand   would   prove   useful .   i   didn   t   even   bother   returning   it ,   i   just   sent   it   to   my   family   to   see   if   they   would   find   some   use   for   it .   perhaps   this   would   work   better   for   already   straight   hair   or   fine   hair   that   you   just   want   to   dry   faster   than   letting   it   air   dry .
good   hairdrier !   so ,   i   like   quiet ,   powerful   hairdriers .   my   last   one   broke ,   and   i   ordered   this   one .   it   does   what   it   needs   to .
four   stars   great .
i   needed   a   diffuser   one   of   the   cheaper   options   for   a   hair   dryer .   i   like   the   color   and   the   diffuser   works   well   for   those   with   curly   hair !
best   i   ve   ever   had   this   thing   is   amazing .   i   was   tired   of   using   the   crappy   cheap   one   my   mom   bought   for   me   and   my   sisters .   this   thing   i   hav   seen   all   over   youtube   and   can   t   get   enough   of   it !
this   our   second   unit   for   our   second   bathroom   it   works   well   and   mounts   easily   the   night   light   is   mounted   in   the   handle   and   give   just   the   right   amount   of   light
ok   it   s   a   hairdryer   and   ..   so   i   like   it   for   a   hairdryer   but   i   bought   is   as   a   quiet   hairdryer   for   grooming   a   skittish   pup   and   it   is   not   quiet .
great   dryer   for   the   price   this   dryer   works   great ,   not   too   heavy .   dries   well .   you   could   do   worse   for   twice   the   price   and   i   have .  
works   for   me   as   an   easy   styler   can   dry   and   style   my   coarse   hair   quickly   especially   with   the   special   straightener   attachment   without   too   much   fuss   and   effort
love   it !   i   am   so   happy   this   hair   dryer   is   light ,   well   functioned   and   totally   enough   for   daily   use   and   travel .   highly   recommend   this   product !
please ,   do   not   buy   this   product !   it   might   end   your   life .   i   bought   this   product   yesterday ,   and   took   it   out   of   the   box   for   a   test   run .   immediately ,   i   liked   the   color   and   how   light   it   was .   i   really   wanted   to   love   this   dryer ,   i   promise .   br   br   so ,   i   get   it   out   of   the   box   and   unwrap   it .   comes   with   a   set   of   instructions   and   an   individually   wrapped   concentrator .   never   really   use   those ,   but   cool ,   okay .   i   attach   the   concentrator   to   the   blowdryer ,   and   plug   it   in   not   near   any   kind   of   water   whatsoever ,   i   assure   you .   br   br   i   let   it   blow   out   air   for   a   few   seconds   and   adjusted   the   heat .   no   lie ,   literally   ten   seconds   after   it   was   turned   on ,   the   blow   dryer   turned   an   intense   red   color .   i   thought   it   was   just   a   gimmicky   effect ,   but   no   the   heat   was   spreading   quickly   toward   the   handle   and   it   became   unbearable   to   hold   due   to   the   heat   within   miliseconds .   i   quickly   shut   it   off ,   only   to   see   sparks   flying   out   of   the   dryer .   for   a   good   five   seconds .   br   br   okay ,   maybe   i   did   something   wrong .   maybe   it   was   a   fluke .   i   take   off   the   concentrator   just   for   good   luck ,   and   plug   it   in   again .   the   thing   roars   to   life ,   becoming   red ,   and   starts   to   shoot   out   sparks   again   almost   immediately .   a   few   unfortunate   strands   of   my   hair   are   caught   in   the   frenzy   of   it   all ,   and   are   singed .   br   br   i   m   so   glad   that   i   didn   t   wait   until   i   actually   had   to   dry   my   hair   to   test   this   item   out   who   knows   what   would   ve   happened   if   the   dryer   were   closer   to   my   hair   br   br   i   thought   i   got   a   lemon   of   a   product ,   but   a   quick   google   search   proved   me   otherwise   check   the   one   star   ratings   here ,   and   you   ll   know   what   i   m   talking   about .   a   woman   on   one   of   the   sites   i   found   during   my   search   search   34   dangerous   revlon   hair   dryer   malfunction   planetfeedback   34   to   see   what   i   m   talking   about   wrote   that   she   actually   got   third   degree   burns   from   her   product   and   is   planning   to   sue .   br   br   i   m   shipping   this   thing   back ,   and   am   never   trusting   revlon   again .   please ,   save   your   money   and   yourselves   ! !   do   yourselves   a   favor   and   invest   in   a   different   product .
love   it !   traveling   a   lot   for   work ,   this   is   great   for   on   the   go   compact   and   powerful   hair   drying   products .   comes   with   cute   bag   and   diffuser .   love   it !
great   little   dryer   i   have   owned   an   andis   mini   dryer   before   and   was   very   pleased .   so   far   this   little   dryer   works   great ,   too .   i   m   happy   to   recommend   it   to   others .
my   review   great   dryer   and   best   for   styling ..... the   heat   is   perfect   and   had   it   on   time   and   a   great   product ... love   to   have   it
great   perfect .   great   price ,   great   size .   it   was   a   gift   and   she   loved   it   so   much .   100   recomended .   the   only   thing   was   that   the   box   was   too   big   for   it .
love   it !   i   probably   bought   and   returned   five   other   hair   dryers   before   keeping   this   one .   my   kids   and   i   all   have   lots   of   hair   that   takes   forever   to   dry .   this   hair   dryer   is   the   best   it   dries   our   hair   much   faster   than   our   old   one   did .   no   worrying   about   accidentally   turning   it   off   or   changing   the   setting ,   you   don   t   have   to   hold   the   button   for   the   cold   shot ,   and   if   the   regular   setting   isn   t   quick   enough   for   you ,   there   s   even   a   turbo   setting .   this   saves   us   so   much   time   in   the   mornings !   i   m   thinking   about   buying   a   second   one   to   have   in   the   other   bathroom   so   two   of   us   can   dry   our   hair   at   once .   it   did   seem   a   bit   big   at   first ,   but   it   didn   t   take   long   to   get   used   to   it .   other   dryers   had   too   much   air   flow   and   i   couldn   t   control   how   i   was   styling   my   hair ,   or   the   high   heat   setting   was   too   hot ,   but   the   settings   on   this   one   are   just   right .
great   buy   very   good   buy   for   the   price   my   only   complaint   is   the   timer   is   also   the   power   knob .   when   the   dryer   is   on   it   ticks   the   entire   time   which   gets   annoying   after   awhile   especially   that   one   of   the   awesome   feature   is   the   dryer   itself   is   very   quiet .
best   blow   dryer   ever !   my   wife   and   daughter   love   this .   best   blow   dryer   ever .   worth   the   money .   hair   feels   nice   and   soft   after   using   this .
love   it   love   this   hair   dryer .   used   this   model   for   about   8   years .   yes   the   give   out   like   all   hair   dryers   and   i   have   to   buy   a   new   one ,   but   quality   is   always   the   same   when   i   have   to   get   a   new   one .   very   powerful   and   dries   hair   quickley !
1600w   setting   did   not   work   purchased   this   item   but   was   disappointed   when   the   higher   setting   of   1600w   did   not   work .   there   was   no   noticable   change   between   the   1200w   setting   and   the   1600w   setting .   returned   the   dryer   and   will   try   another   brand .
don   t   know   why   i   didn   t   get   one   sooner   this   is   so   much   more   convenient   than   dragging   a   dryer   from   a   drawer   or   cabinet .   hotels   have   had   the   right   idea   all   along .
strong   motor ,   but   bad   design   the   dryer   has   a   major   design   flaw .   the   control   switches   are   where   your   hand   goes   so   while   drying   my   hair ,   i   kept   on   having   to   constantly   adjust   the   speed   or   temp   setting .   it   s   very   annoying .   i   do   like   the   fact   they   have   a   cool   setting   so   i   can   use   it   to   blow   dry   my   puppies   after   they   get   a   bath   but   i   am   thinking   seriously   about   returning   it   because   of   the   switch   problem .
best   dryer   ever !   this   is   the   best   dryer   ever !   i   would   never   owe   any   other   brand .   drys   my   very   thick   curly   head   of   hair   in   less   than   10   mins .
love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   this   dryer ,   its   easy   on   your   hair   and   it   came   with   attachments ..   it   also   arrived   quickly   and   in   perfect   shape .
it   is   amazing   !   it   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used   !   br   and   it   is   working   very   good   ,   and   it   is   the   best   for   it   s   price   .   br   thank   you   !
i   ve   never   bought   a   bad   hair   dryer .   this   one   replaced   one   which   disappeared   when   my   daughter   went   home .   it   should   last   until   it   disappears   like   the   last   one .
conair   pro   style   1875   watt   hard   hat   hair   dryer   is   worth   every   penny .   this   is   my   third   1875   watt   hard   hat   hair   dryer   by   conair   pro   style .   they   are   well   worth   the   money   and   last !   i   bought   this   one   so   it   could   be   sent   to   my   summer   vacation   rental .
great   small   dryer   i   took   this   on   my   vacation   and   it   worked   wonderfully ,   so   i   purchased   another .   the   bag   will   hold   more   than   just   the   dryer ,   i   threw   in   combs   and   a   few   other   small   items .   i   will   be   buying   a   third   as   a   gift .
works   quickly ,   and   is   pretty   quiet !   so   far   i   love   this   hairdryer !   i   ve   only   had   it   for   a   few   months ,   but   it   replaced   my   old   conair   hairdryer   that   i   had   for   over   10   years .   it   s   fairly   quiet ,   which   is   kind   of   a   big   deal ,   and   it   works   really   quickly .   plus ,   its   like   this   soft   matte   finish ,   and   it   doesn   t   slip   out   of   my   hands .   i   m   hoping   it   lasts   as   long   as   my   last   hairdryer !
ok ,   but   not   mind   blowing   i   had   high   hopes   for   this   blow   dryer .   considering   the   high   price   and   great   reviews ,   i   expected   much   more .   some   said   it   cut   drying   time   in   half ,   but   i   didn   t   find   this   to   be   true .   it   works   great ,   but   i   don   t   see   any   difference   in   my   hair .   it   s   kind   of   heavy   and   it   took   a   little   getting   used   to   as   far   as   the   different   balance   of   the   weight .   i   don   t   think   i   would   pay   this   much   for   my   next   hair   dryer .
great   dryer !   i   have   used   the   dryer   several   times   and   it   works   great .   i   had   questions   which   were   answered   promptly   by   other   customers   which   was   helpful   in   making   my   decision .   definitely   recommend .
small   can   be   powerful   its   been   a   week   i   received   this   hair   dryer   and   so   far   i   am   satisfied   with   its   performance .   it   is   very   light   and   small ,   infact   smaller   than   a   fold   able   hair   dryer .   perfect   for   traveling .   it   heats   up   instantly   and   dries   hair   faster .   i   intend   to   use   it   outside   the   country   and   hoping   it   will   keep   up   in   its   performance .   br   however ,   i   think   changing   the   voltage   is   not   easy .   have   to   figure   it   out .   br   one   of   the   reason   i   am   giving   it   5   star   is   for   amazon   s   service .   the   price   of   this   item   reduced   by   5   since   the   time   i   purchased   it .   i   happened   to   notice   it   and   called   amazon .   they   swiftly   refunded   my   money .   couldn   t   be   happier .
love   this   product   this   dries   my   hair   extremely   fast   and   it   has   incredibly   affordable .   i   am   extremely   glad   i   bought   this   product .   it   also   comes   with   attachments   that   are   handy .
great   little   guy !   i   bought   this   for   an   upcoming   trip .   it   is   super   lightweight   and   easy   to   use .   it   doesn   t   have   a   cold   shot   but   i   don   t   need   one .   it   also   doesn   t   have   a   folding   handle ,   but   it   is   still   super   small .   my   2   year   old   can   handle   it   as   it   is   lighter   than   her   toy   one .   it   is   also   perfect   for   her   hair   on   low .   i   do   recommend   this   to   anyone   especially   those   with   mobility   and   dexterity   issues .   it   is   super   lightweight ,   super   small ,   about   the   size   of   a   female   s   hand   spread   out ,   dries   almost   as   fast   as   my   babyliss   toniro   full   sized   dryer .   it   is   also   cheap   and   comes   with   a   little   bag   to   put   it   in ,   though   my   baby   has   took   it   as   her   own   along   with   the   dryer !   br   br   edited   it   does   include   a   concentrator   and   a   diffuser ,   though   that   diffuser   is   so   small .   i   don   t   have   curly   hair ,   so   i   don   t   use   it .
a   perfect   buy   this   dryer   was   more   than   i   expected .   i   had   an   old   1875 .   it   dries   my   hair   so   quickly   and   the   settings   are   great .
does   a   good   job ...   ...   of   blow   styling ,   but   it   is   a   bit   heavy .   you   wouldn   t   want   to   travel   with   it ,   and   if   you   had   a   big ,   long ,   full   head   of   hair   that   took   awhile   to   dry ,   your   arm   would   get   mighty   tired .
finally !   excellent .   very   high   volume   of   air .   good   heat   control .   easy   to   hold .   seems   to   be   very   high   quality   blow   dryer .
the   item   was   not   brand   new   it   s   a   good   dryer ,   but   it   am   downgrading   it   for   not   being   brand   new .   the   item   we   received   was   an   open   item ,   with   signs   of   usage .   the   package   was   not   sealed   and   the   manual   was   missing .
only   4   stars   because   of   night   light   i   bought   this   to   replace   my   wall   mounted   dryer   that   i   bought   for   5   at   a   yard   sale   15   years   ago   which   finally   bit   the   dust .   i   didn   t   really   believe   the   tourmaline   hype   but   this   dryer   does   seem   to   make   it   easier   to   comb   out   long ,   tangled   hair .   and   the   hair   seems   silkier   when   dry .   i   would   give   the   product   5   stars   except   you   can   t   turn   off   the   night   light .   i   ve   mounted   it   inside   a   cabinet   where   i   can   shut   the   door   but   otherwise   would   have   to   put   ugly   black   tape   over   the   light .   with   so   many   studies   showing   that   light   disrupts   healthy   sleep ,   one   would   think   that   manufacturers   would   stop   putting   night   lights   on   everything ,   or   at   least   offer   the   option   to   turn   it   off .   if   i   wanted   a   night   light ,   i   would   buy   one .   i   shouldn   t   have   to   put   up   with   one   on   a   50   hair   dryer .
what   you   see   is   what   you   get ...   what   you   see   is   what   you   get .   i   ve   been   wanting   one   for   a   very   long   time .   i   am   very   satisfied   with   my   new   hair   dyer .
short   coord ,   styling   attachment   doesn   t   attach   i   m   a   big   fan   of   con   air   and   ion   dryers   in   general .   however ,   i   m   disappointed   in   this   product   and   would   not   recommend   it .   br   br   1   the   styling   attachment   falls   off   5   6   times   during   any   blow   dry .   the   latch   or   ability   to   attach   is   minimal .   while   blowdrying   your   hair ,   expect   it   to   go   flying   and   fall   to   the   floor .   extremely   frustrating   and   annoying   br   br   2   the   coord   is   very   short .   unless   you   have   an   outlet   right   by   your   mirror   and   from   waist   level   or   higher ,   you   will   need   an   extension   coord   to   use   this   dryer .
used   to   hate   drying   my   hair ...   i   used   to   hate   drying   my   hair ...   i   have   thick   long   hair ,   it   took   forever .   i   am   also   pretty   frugal .   so   when   my   cheap   old   hair   drying   stopped   working ,   i   bought   this .   what   a   difference !   my   hair   dries   faster !   yeah !
love   the   hidden   cord .   bought   this   because   i   loved   the   hidden   real   away   cord .   works   great   and   puts   out   lots   of   air .   drys   hair   fast .   love   it .
all   you   need   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer !   it   is   a   little   heavy   but   it   works   so   well ,   who   cares .   it   has   great   temperature   settings   and   dries   hair   fast !
good   product ,   value ,   service ! !   good   backing ! !   it   s   everything   the   other   4   5   star   reviewers   said .   my   favorite   part   is   the   soft   sound   and   the   long   cord .   and   of   course   amazons   service   is   one   of   the   best ! ! !   love   amazon ! !   update   8   months   after   purchasing   this   dryer ,   i   pressed   the   cold   shot   button   and   it   would   not   pop   back   out !   i   was   unable   to   send   it   back   to   amazon   for   an   exchange   but   they   told   me   to   contact   the   manufacturer   and   that   it   was   still   on   warranty !   i   did   and   onei   beauty   made   it   simple !   i   send   it   back   to   them   and   they   ll   send   me   another !   voila !   done !   i   m   not   sure   how   long   this   product   will   last ,   but   feel   confident   that   the   company   will   take   good   care   of   me   should   it   happen   again   within   a   reasonable   time   frame !   because   after   all   i   really   love   this   dryer ! !
shame   on   you   arrived   good ,   after   6   months   in   used ,   broked ......   it   s   a   shamed   that   product   didn   t   last ... shamed   on   you   br   i   don   tt   have   the   ticket   anymore .
bes   tblow   dry   ever !   this   is   the   best   blow   dryer   i   ve   ever   purchased !   i   have   very   very   long   curly   hair ,   it   s   also   a   bit   thick .   i   m   mixed   so   finding   just   the   right   blow   dryer   is   paramount .   it   makes   the   difference   in   a   good   hair   day   and   a   bad   hair   day .   when   i   m   done ,   my   hair   has   the   appearance   of   being   flat   ironed !   i   love   it .   br   br   the   medium   comb   is   what   i   use   mostly .   therefore ,   i   sort   of   go   through   them   rather   quicly .   they   usually   last   over   a   year .   the   other   great   thing   about   this   blow   dryer   is   it   s   dual   voltage .   yes ,   dual   voltage .   i   travel   outside   of   the   country   most   of   the   year ,   and   this   blow   dryer   is   standard   packing   for   me .   br   br   the   price   here   is   considerably   less   than   what   i   paid .   i   purchased   mine   from   sally   s ,   go   figure .   ladies   if   your   have   hair   like   mine ,   this   blow   dryer   is   a   must   have .
several   years   of   great   service   teenage   daughter   34   had   to   have   34   one   of   these .   reluctantly ,   i   bought .   been   a   superb   product   without   issues   since   purchase   and   she   uses   literally   daily .   would   buy   again ,   but   hope   i   don   t   have   too !   smiles ...
amazing   i   use   to   buy   the   department   store   regular   hair   dryers   and   my   hair   was   never   as   smooth   as   i   want ,   i   had   to   flat   iron   a   lot .   this   dryer   is   amazing .   takes   all   the   work   out   of   blow   drying .   you   can   see   the   steam   of   water   as   you   dry .   be   careful   it   is   high   heat ,   but   will   dry   your   hair   in   half   the   time   and   you   need   very   little   flat   ironing .
very   disappointed !   i   bought   this   and   it   broke   the   second   time   i   used   it !   i   do   not   use   my   blow   dryer   often ,   so   when   i   finally   used   it   again   the   second   time ,   it   made   a   very   loud   noise   and   then   would   not   power   on   again
this   is   great !   i   am   still   using   this   machine .   it   really   is   a   great   blow   dryer .   it   dries   your   hair   quickly .   it   is   worth   the   purchase .
it   is   quiet   er   the   main   reason   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   2   years   age ,   it   s   because   it   was   advertised   as   being   quiet .   i   can   t   stand   noisy   hair   dryers   and   although   it   s   not   as   quiet   as   i   expected ,   it   is   quieter   than   all   of   the   other   ones   i   ve   bought .   it   s   has   great   power ,   it   s   light ,   easy   to   handle   and   it   leaves   my   hair   smooth   and   shinny .   2   weeks   ago   it   started   to   fail ,   i   couldn   t   turn   it   off ,   so   i   d   just   unplug   it ,   but   this   morning   it   completely   stopped   working .   so   over   all ,   i   think   i   did   get   my   money   s   worth ,   because   i   blow   dry   my   hair   every   single   day   and   it   takes   about   10   min ,   so   the   price   is   really   good   vs .   the   quality .   i   even   bought   another   one   just   now .   hope   this   helps .
love ! !   i   love   it ! !   i   have   never   had   a   blow   dryer   that   was   as   quiet   as   this   one !   love   the   pieces   that   come   with   it .
good   dryer .   minor   complaints .   after   spending   some   nights   in   motels   with   wall   mounted   hair   dryers   i   wanted   one .   sunbeam   seemed   the   most   popular   and   best .   so   i   bought   this   one .   br   br   minor   complaints   br   power   cord   to   outlet   is   too   short   for   my   situation .   i   live   in   an   apartment .   outlet   is   on   one   side   of   the   hand   towel   rack   i   had   to   mount   it   on   the   other   side   so   the   cord   is   flopping   at   a   diagonal   under   the   towels .   i   wanted   to   mount   the   dryer   higher   but   the   cord   wouldn   t   reach .   br   i   also   use   the   dryer   to   other   parts   of   my   body   due   to   psoriasis   which   is   aggravated   by   moisture   and   my   feet   which   are   prone   to   moisture   related   problems   and   the   cord   between   the   base   and   the   dryer   makes   doing   this   awkward .   br   night   light   is   ok   doesn   t   affect   my   sleep .   but   if   i   had   known   it   was   available   without   the   night   light   i   would   have   bought   that   instead .
buyer   beware !   do   not   be   fooled   by   all   of   the   fabulous   reviews   for   this   dryer .   mine   stopped   working   completely   after   less   than   six   months .   i   contacted   the   company   and   they   told   me   to   send   it   back   with   a   note   saying   34   defective   34   and   my   address   so   they   could   send   a   replacement .   i   paid   12   shipping   to   send   it   to   them .   it   s   been   two   weeks   and   i   have   yet   to   receive   a   replacement .   i   have   contacted   the   company   multiple   times   since   to   find   out   what   is   going   on   and   i   have   not   received   a   response .   terrible   hairdryer .   terrible   company .   for   all   we   know ,   their   company   representatives   could   be   the   ones   writing   the   glowing   reviews   because   i   don   t   know   how   anyone   could   actually   recommend   this   product   or   company .   extremely   disappointed .
best   blow   dryer   ever   this   is   my   second   purchase   of   this   daily   use   dryer .   the   first   one   lasted   about   10   years .   i   was   so   thrilled   to   find   that   it   was   still   on   the   market .   this   one   is   so   great   because   it   has   lots   of   power   and   the   blower   settings   low   and   high   are   separate   from   the   heat   settings   cool ,   warm ,   and   hot   . i   use   the   hotel   provided   dryers   when   i   travel   and   am   always   so   happy   to   get   home   to   the   best   blow   dryer   ever .
small ,   inexpensive   but   powerful   hair   dryer   i   love   this   little   hair   dryer   from   andis .   i   have   had   one   for   years   and   it   works   great ,   does   not   take   up   much   room   in   my   suit   case   when   i   travel   and   does   not   cost   much .   i   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone .
lots   quieter   than   previous   units .   i   love   the   lower   noise   of   this   unit   but   it   doesn   t   have   near   the   volume   of   air   of   our   other   hand   driers .   takes   a   little   longer   to   dry   but ,   at   least   you   aren   t   killing   your   hearing   while   you   are   doing   it !
it   has   lots   of   power   and   having   the   retractable   cord   is   great   as   it   cuts   down   on   the   clutter .   i   first   tried   this   at   a   marriott   and   loved   the   hidden   cord .   i   m   tired   of   multiple   cords   on   my   counter .   the   speed   is   great   as   is   the   power .   it   dries   my   hair   faster   that   my   old   drier .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   purchased   it   s   dries   your   hair   quickly   and   it   s   not   too   loud .   this   is   the   second   one   that   i   ve   bought .   the   first   one   lasted   about   6   years   and   then   the   cord   wore   out   and   was   exposing   bare   wires   but   the   motor   never   wore   out .   great   product !
wife   loved   it   this   dryer   does   it   job ,   and   i   used   it   for   tasks   beyond   its   description .   it   works   great   and   still   functioning .
very   powerful   for   the   size   i   ve   been   using   this   as   my   daily   hairdryer   for   a   couple   months   now .   it   works   very   well ,   and   has   more   power   for   the   size   than   i   would   have   expected .   that   being   said ,   it   s   still   small .   it   has   as   much   blowing   heat   power   as   my   old   one   huge   clunky   ,   but   i   still   think   it   takes   slightly   longer   to   dry   my   hair   just   because   the   size   of   the   dryer   itself   doesn   t   allow   as   much   air   to   blow   at   once .   i   do   love   how   it   is   so   light   and   easy   to   use   though .
fantastic !   best   price   i   have   seen ,   plus   great   quality !   super   quiet ,   not   a   giant   long   annoying   cord ,   not   too   short   of   a   cord   either ,   love   love   love   the   diffuser   attachment   since   i   have   curly   hair ,   attachments   stay   on   really   well ,   low   and   warm   does   a   great   job   on   my   thin   and   super   curly   hair .
make   your   life   happy   happy   wife   happy   life   and   hang   one   of   these   by   the   bathroom   mirror !   we   ended   up   buying   two   of   these .   one   for   each   bathroom .   great   hair   dryer ,   not   too   loud ,   multi   speed   and   compact   out   of   the   way .   like   the   ones   in   nice   hotels   it   has   it   s   own   gfci   protector   so   it   can   be   installed   by   the   sink .   save   a   drawer   in   the   vanity ,   or   get   the   counter   cleaned   off .
absolutely   the   best   hairdyer   i   m   not   one   to   buy   expensive   haircare   products   but   after   a   stay   at   a   hotel ,   i   fell   in   love   with   the   blow   dryer   in   the   rooms .   i   wrote   down   the   brand   and   model   and   set   out   to   find   one   when   i   got   home .   amazon   was   the   only   place   that   was   still   selling   this   model .   i   almost   bought   2   in   case   they   go   out   of   production   but   i   guess   i   ll   just   use   this   one   and   hope   it   lasts   forever ,   lol .
happy   hair   perfect   hairdryer !   i   m   glad   i   found   this   on   amazon   for   an   amazing   price .   i   plan   on   buying   a   few   for   gifts   to   give   out .
powerful !   this   blow   dryer   packs   a   lot   of   power .   small ,   convenient   and   easy   to   use .   the   wall   mount   keeps   it   nicely   tucked   away   between   uses .   it   is   exactly   like   the   ones   you   find   in   hotels   which   is   what   i   was   looking   for .
great   blow   dryer   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   a   few   years   now .   it   works   great !   the   only   setback   is   that   the   point   started   chipping   after   a   year   around   the   nozzle   blower .   perhaps   it   is   from   the   water   in   my   hair   when   i   blow   dry   i   am   not   sure ,   but   either   way   it   works   great   and   has   lasted   for   a   long   time .   the   attachments   are   a   pain   in   the   butt   to   put   on   and   off  
replaced   another   one   like   it   we   had   one   of   these   before   and   like   it .   this   one   is   basically   the   same .   it   does   have   a   funny   sound   to   it   that   i   don   t   think   is   normal   which   has   me   a   little   worried ,   but   it   still   works   fine   i   think .
love   it   works   perfectly   great   quality .   i   trust   this   brand ,   so   didn   t   hesitate   when   buying   it   and   was   not   disapointed .   i   reccommend .
i   ordered   a   2000   watt   bespoke   labs   highest   end   model   to   replace   an   expired   bespoke   labs   second   tier   1850   watt   model ,   but ...   bespoke   labs   sent   me   an   1800   watt   model .   my   wife   opened   it   and   began   using   it   the   day   it   arrived ,   so   i   never   had   a   chance   to   dispute   bespoke   labs   shipping   me   the   wrong   item .   she   likes   it   and   continues   using   it ,   and   i   must   admit   it   does   the   job   quite   well ,   but   it   was   not   what   i   ordered   and   not   what   i   paid   the   premium   for .   therefore ,   i   am   giving   1   star   as   a   judgment   more   about   bespoke   labs   than   the   product   i   received .
great   value   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   ve   had   it   about   2   months   so   far .   it   s   main   benefit   is   it   dries   my   hair   a   lot   faster   than   my   old   hair   dryer .   i   also   seem   to   have   less   frizzies .   it   is   a   little   heavy ,   but   i   got   used   to   that   really   quickly .   several   different   heat   and   intensity   settings   also ,   which   i   like   alot .   it   s   not   too   loud   either .
bright   spot   in   my   bathroom   bought   this   for   my   condo   which   we   rent   out   and   have   always   been   happy   with   conair .   i   like   the   night   light   because   i   always   had   a   night   light   in   the   bathroom   and   now   this   serves   2   purposes .
powerful   and   quiet   for   about   a   year ,   then   loses   power .   great   powerful   not   too   noisy   dryer   for   about   a   year ,   then   it   loses   power .   even   at   this   price ,   i   expect   a   blow   dryer   to   last   longer   than   a   year   of   home   use   by   one   person .
light   and   easy   to   use   works   great   and   is   light   to   handle   for   a   medium   size   hair   dryer .   also   very   easy   to   travel   with   and   pack .
piece   of   crap   it   says   that   it   s   dual   voltage ,   but   it   took   about   a   minute   to   burn   out   after   being   plugged   into   a   220   outlet   in   220   mode .   also ,   the   mechanism   to   switch   between   voltages   requires   a   screw   driver ,   so   make   sure   to   do   that   before   your   trip .   because   most   of   us   don   t   bring   screwdrivers   when   traveling .
great   product   bought   two   of   these ... and   the   best   item   ever .   works   nicely ... fit   on   wall   great   and   easy   to   install ... buying   one   more   for   my   dad   .
good   travel   hair   dryer   pros   it   is   dual   voltage   120   volts   60   hertz   or   240   volts   50   hertz   allowing   you   to   use   it   in   the   us   and   abroad .   there   is   a   screw   for   you   to   change   the   voltage .   it   s   almost   as   powerful   and   heats   up   like   a   regular   dryer ,   which   is   a   huge   plus   for   me .   i   ve   got   a   ton   of   hair   and   those   wimpy   hotel   sunbeam   wall   mount   dryers   just   don   t   cut   it .   br   br   cons   it   s   expensive .   i   would   not   invest   in   this   as   your   every   day   dryer   as   you   can   get   a   better   full   size   dryer   for   the   price   but   if   you   travel   a   lot ,   as   i   do ,   the   voltage   option   is   key .   it   s   a   lot   heavier   and   bulkier   than   the   typical   travel   hair   dryer   so   i   would   not   recommend   this   if   you   re   looking   for   something   small .   there   is   a   hinge   at   the   handle   that   allows   it   to   fold   but   it   s   still   far   from   compact .   br   br   i   ve   been   taking   this   dryer   with   me   to   europe   and   it   works   great .   i   ve   been   using   it   intermittently   for   a   year   and   it   s   still   going   strong .   essentially ,   it   s   a   full   size   dryer   but   with   a   voltage   option .   however ,   i   don   t   use   this   in   lieu   of   my   full   size   dryer   because   i   love   my   light   weight   fhi   nano .
like   it   bought   it   for   the   wife ,   and   she   no   longer   keeps   the   blow   dryer   under   the   sink .   i   would   say   she   liked   it   to  
great   dryer   this   is   the   nicest   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   had   and   it   s   very   reasonably   priced .   i   am   really   happy   with   it .
great   for   travel !   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   just   to   travel   with .   i   used   it   in   ireland   and   it   worked   great .   all   you   need   is   an   adapter .   don   t   use   a   converter !   the   hair   dryer   will   zap   out   the   converter .   my   sister   and   i   were   both   pleased   with   the   strength   of   this   little   hair   dryer   we   both   have   really   thick   hair   .   it   s   light   and   compact ,   so   it   travels   well .   i   haven   t   used   it   in   the   states   yet ,   but   i   assume   it   will   be   just   as   good .
inexpensive   powerful   this   is   my   second   conair   1875 .   purchased   this   one   as   a   replacement   because   my   previous   one   was   on   the   verge   of   kicking   the   proverbial   bucket   i   had   that   one   for   about   6   years   .   br   br   there   isn   t   anything   fancy   about   this   hairdryer ,   but   it   s   also   pretty   damn   cheap   so   one   shouldn   t   really   be   expecting   bells   and   whistles .   br   br   it   does   the   job ,   and   in   my   experience   holds   up   very   well .
hair   brush   brush   too   soft .   the   hair   dryer   too   bulky .   i   would   like   to   return   it .   i   do   not   know   how .   please ,   respond .
good   cheap   hairdryer   this   is   very   cheap ,   and   has   a   lower   wattage   than   most   of   the   dryers   on   the   market .   i   needed   less   power ,   because   i   have   curly   hair   and   use   this   on   the   low   setting   with   a   diffuser .   worth   the   price ,   but   don   t   be   surprised   if   it   dies   after   a   year   or   so .   i   m   on   my   3rd   one .   the   price   is   still   worth   it ,   though ,   so   i   keep   buying   more .
ionic   hair   dryer   it   is   ok .. but   i   thought   might   be   more   powerful .. but   does   the   job   for   me   since   my   hair   is   not   very   thick .   has   some   good   br   attachments   also .. fairly   priced .
not   a   good   product   not   enough   heat   ,   take   long   time   for   long   hair   drying ,   have   to   buy   another   one   which   is   more   powerful
nice   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   and   daughter .   they   tell   me   that   it   works   great .   very   good   product   and   price .
great   buy !   i   have   been   using   this   for   for   a   few   weeks   and   am   impressed .   it   replaced   a   10   year   old   dryer   and   has   made   a   difference   in   my   morning   routine .   it   seems   a   bit   heavier   than   my   old   one   but   the   speed   of   drying   is   worth   it .
so   far   so   good !   after   receiving   a   conair   cordkeeper   for   christmas   and   only   using   it   about   8   times ,   it   died .   lucky   i   was   able   to   get   my   money   back   at   walmart .   so   i   decided   to   read   lots   of   amazon   reviews   on   hairdryers   in   the   20   30   price   range   and   chose   this   one .   br   i   loved   it   the   first   time   i   used   it !   it   s   a   bit   heavier   but   not   bothersome   at   all ,   and   i   even   have   tennis   elbow   which   prevents   me   from   lifting   things   a   certain   way ,   if   they   weigh   over   3   or   so .   this   is   very   comfortable   in   the   hands ,   has   enough   settings ,   a   cold   shot   button ,   and   most   importantly ,   a   diffuser   for   when   i   want   to   go   from   stick   straight   hair   to   beachy   waves .   the   quality   seems   great   and   sturdy ,   i   love   the   pink   on   it ,   and   whatever   the   coating   is   is   also   pretty   cool .   br   after   my   conair   experience ,   i   don   t   have   much   faith   in   new   hairdryers .   i   was   using   an   old   folding   travel   dryer   i   have   from   2007   that   still   works   great   and   i   plan   on   using   for   traveling ,   so   my   intent   was   to   use   the   remington   for   the   diffuser .   however ,   i   think   i   will   use   it   everyday ,   as   it   dries   my   hair   fast   and   keeps   it   shiny   and   is   just   fun   to   use !
just   what   i   d   expect   i   ve   had   andis   hair   dryers   before   and   they   ve   always   served   their   purpose   well .   i   particularly   like   this   one   because   it   has   an   off   switch .   it   is   a   tad   heavier   than   another   andis   i   had .   the   night   light   does   not   bother   me   in   fact   it   really   is   a   great   night   light ,   although   the   green   needs   a   bit   of   getting   used   to .   great   hair   dryer
light   weight   works   just   like   the   big   boys .   same   power ,   light   weight .   i   love   it   for   travel ,   comes   with   a   nice   carry   bag .
replacement   dryer   cool   shot   button   broke   just   like   the   first   one .   edit   2   again ,   the   cool   shot   button   is   stuck   in   the   on   position .   i   can   not   believe   this   has   happened   again .   i   will   not   be   trying   to   run   this   company   down   again   as   the   first   time   was   hassle   enough .   save   your   time ,   money   and   energy   by   purchasing   from   a   well   known   brand .   br   br   edit   i   received   my   replacement   hair   dryer   today   and   i   hope   the   cool   shot   button   doesn   t   give   me   trouble   because   i   really   love   this   hair   dryer !   thank   you !   br   br   this   dryer   is   very   quiet   and   i   am   impressed   by   how   hot   it   can   get .   most   of   the   time   i   use   it   on   warm   only   as   hot   can   get   too   hot   really   fast .   i   loved   it   until   this   morning .   i   pressed   the   cool   shot   button   to   set   my   curl   and   the   button   would   not   pop   back   up .   thank   goodness   i   was   nearly   done   blow   drying   my   hair   because   i   could   only   blow   cold   air   unless   i   physically   pried   the   button   back   up .   even   if   i   barely   touched   the   cool   shot   button   with   my   finger ,   it   would   blow   cold   and   i   would   again   have   to   pry   it   back   out .   so   now   i   am   stuck   with   an   expensive   6   month   old   dryer   that   will   only   blow   cold .   waiting   to   hear   back   from   the   manufacturer   about   the   warranty .   it   s   more   of   a   hassle   than   anything ,   especially   with   our   humid   summer   starting   and   no   blow   dryer   to   tame   this   frizz   ball .
good   for   deep   conditioning .   i   heard   about   this   type   of   product   through   word   of   mouth .   i   was   speaking   to   a   co   worker   about   hair   care .   she   told   me   she   uses   this   type   of   product   for   deep   conditioning .   i   didn   t   know   this   type   of   product   existed   prior   to   our   conversation .   i   compared   prices   between   this   product   and   the   leila   ali   version .   i   purchased   this   version   because   it   was   the   cheapest   of   the   two .   i   read   the   reviews   after   the   purchased ,   and   was   disappointed   because   most   of   them   were   negative .   people   were   saying   that   it   only   lasted   for   ten   minutes .   contrarily ,   the   product   last   as   long   as   i   want .   however ,   i   have   not   been   successful   with   roller   sets .   i   just   realized   that   it   has   a   drawstring   on   my   third   use .   my   roller   sets   might   not   have   came   out   the   way   i   wanted   because   i   did   not   adjust   the   drawstring   and   because   i   need   smaller   rollers .   other   than   that ,   its   great   for   deep   conditioning   and   hot   oil   treatments .   i   will   try   once   more   for   a   roller   set .   i   will   be   content   with   this   product   even   if   my   next   roller   set   is   unsuccessful .
great   bargain ! !   its   a   great   hairdryer ,   it   blows   hot   air ,   at   3   speeds   with   a   cold   air   setting .   i   can   t   imagine   what   else   a   hair   dryer   needs   to   do   and   at   10   amazing   value  
not   very   strong ,   but   it   s   cute   this   is   not   the   best   hair   dryer   out   there .   i   know   you   could   get   better   ones   for   the   same   price   that   will   dry   your   hair   very   quickly ,   but   i   mainly   bought   it   for   the   way   it   looks .   i   love   the   retro   style   and   it   goes   well   with   my   taste .   it   s   an   all   right   product ,   and   i   don   t   have   such   unmanageable   hair   to   need   anything   more   high   tech .   it   fits   my   purposes   just   fine .
i   reordered   this   hair   dryer   because   i   had   one   just   like   it   for   about   10   years .   i   recommend   this   hair   dryer   because   it   works   well   and   is   easy   to   install   in   your   bathroom .   the   price   is   right   too .
this   was   a   gift   item   the   lady   who   received   it ,   loved   it .   she   had   selected   it   from   all   the   similar   products   advertized .   it   continues   to   serve   her   well .
suits   many   purposes   this   dryer   frees   up   space   on   the   counter   top .   it   isn   t   very   powerful   so   that   s   why   i   gave   it   four   stars .   i   had   to   have   someone   install   it   for   me   so   that   added   additional   cost .   i   like   the   fact   that   it   is   all   white .
favorite   hair   dryer   i   have   used   this   model   for   many   years .   when   one   wares   out   i   buy   another .   it   does   not   last   supper   long ,   but   works   well   for   me   at   a   very   reasonable   price .   from   experience ,   it   works   as   well   as   anything   else   in   this   style   and   price   range .   i   hope   they   never   stop   making   this   model .
it   works ... and   is   exactly   as   advertised .   my   only   regret   is   that   i   didn   t   find   what   is   essentially   the   same   hair   dryer   also   available   from   amazon   without   the   wasted   and   unneeded   plastic   frame   housing ...   frame   above   the   unit   br   br   this   product   attached   to   the   wall   with   the   double   faced   34   sticky   things   34   included .   it   hasn   t   fallen   off .   it   dries   my   hair .   i   m   happy .
best   ten   bucks   i   ve   ever   spent !   first   of   all ,   let   s   put   things   in   perspective   i   am   not   a   stylist .   i   don   t   use   a   blow   dryer   to   style   my   hair ,   but   rather   to   dry   it   after   showering .   i   have   very   thin ,   fine   hair   that   dries   quickly   but   easily   gets   frizzy   and   fly   away .   the   hand   dryer   i   ve   had   for   over   15   years   did   the   job ,   but   unless   i   used   a   leave   in   conditioner   before   drying ,   my   hair   would   often   end   up   looking   like   shredded   wheat .   not   attractive !   br   br   so   when   it   came   time   to   buy   a   new   dryer ,   i   took   a   look   at   the   ionic   ones ,   which   claim   to   leave   hair   soft   and   silky   instead   of   frizzy   and   fly   away .   and   since   this   one   was   so   inexpensive ,   i   figured   i   d   give   it   a   try .   br   br   well ,   it   s   fabulous !   when   dried   with   this   dryer ,   my   hair   actually   feels   silky .   and   my   hair   has   never   felt   silky !   and   to   make   things   even   better ,   that   silkiness   lasts   between   shampoos .   br   br   i   ve   read   a   few   complaints   here   that   the   blower   on   this   dryer   isn   t   strong   enough ,   or   it   doesn   t   get   hot   enough .   they   may   have   a   point   the   air   emitted   does   seem   to   be   less   hot   than   my   much   older   conair .   but   the   blower   seems   strong   enough   for   me .   my   hair   dries   in   about   the   same   amount   of   time   as   it   did   with   my   old   dryer .   br   br   but   what   makes   this   so   great   isn   t   the   heat   or   the   amount   of   air ,   it   s   the   ionic   thing .   i   don   t   know   why   it   works ,   or   how   it   works ,   but   i   love   this   thing ,   and   the   fact   that   it   actually   costs   less   than   the   one   i   bought   fifteen   years   ago   is   just   icing   on   the   cake .   br   br   it   s   a   great   dryer   and   it   won   t   set   you   back   much .   what   s   better   than   that  
poor   quality   the   dryer   functions   okay .   the   plastic   is   weak .   second   time   i   used   the   attachments ,   the   dryer   body   chipped .   fortunately ,   it   didn   t   effect   the   ability   to   connect   the   attachments   though   i   wonder   how   long   this   will   work   i   will   return   to   the   34   other   34   brand   with   my   next   purchase .
one   of   the   best   very   happy   with   this   blower   dryer   so   far .   everything   works   just   right .   small ,   light .   long   power   cord   is   great   benefit   too .
nice   dryer ,   if   only   it   lasted   more   than   one   year   i   ve   been   through   3   of   this   model   dryer   and   each   stopped   working   within   1   year .   time   to   switch   to   another   company .   it   s   too   bad   because   i   really   liked   everything   else   about   it .
dries   fast   and   seems   to   reduce   frizz   i   ve   been   using   this   dryer   for   a   couple   weeks   and   i   feel   good   about   my   purchase .   i   m   not   seeing   dramatic   frizz   reduction   or   anything   but   it   does   seem   to   have   helped   a   bit   with   my   flyaway   prone   hair .   i   can   definitely   say   that   it   is   faster   than   my   old   dryer ,   and   i   m   amazed   at   how   quiet   it   is !   i   wish   it   was   a   bit   smaller   as   it   is   sort   of   hard   to   store   but   other   than   that   i   am   very   happy .
dryer   best   blow   dryer   my   girlfriend   has   ever   had !   bought   this   and   straight   iron   said   she   has   had   all   kinds   including   two   hundred   dollar   straighteners .   this   is   best   ever
almost   perfect   i   would   have   given   this   dryer   5   stars   but   the   controls   are   on   the   handle .   i   find   that   as   i   m   holding   and   drying   i   keep   hitting   the   speed   and   temp   buttons   and   changing   both   the   speed   temp .   if   they   would   have   just   moved   the   buttons   up   a   bit ,   i   wouldn   t   have   to   keep   changing   them   back   as   i   dry .   otherwise ,   i   have   curly   hair   that   i   dry   straight   and   this   has   enough   speed   to   do   it   quickly .
great   value !   i   have   purchased   a   number   of   conair   hair   dryers   they   last   forever .   this   dryer   came   with   a   diffuser   in   the   box ,   which   is   a   great   addition .   while   it   does   not   have   a   multitude   of   settings ,   it   has   what   you   need   to   get   your   hair   dry .   it   is   not   insanely   loud ,   either .   if   you   are   looking   for   a   good   work   horse   hair   dryer   that   will   last   look   no   further   than   this   conair .
better   than   my   regular   dryer   i   agree   with   the   comments   that   this   hair   dryer   works   even   better   than   the   one   i   regularly   use   and   is   regular   size !   i   haven   t   used   it   for   travel   yet   as   i   am   still   planning   my   trip   to   italy   i   look   forward   to   using   the   dual   voltage   feature .   and   this   isn   t   too   large   for   packing   as   some   have   indicated .   the   handle   folds   nicely   and   will   take   up   far   less   room   in   my   suitcase   over   my   regular   dryer .
awesome   blow   dryer   had   the   same   model   before   but   in   blue .   this   is   a   newer   model   as   i   great .   loves   the   cord   retraction
best   hair   dryer   ever !   i   have   been   searching   for   a   decent   hair   dryer   that   would   not   cost   an   arm   and   a   leg .   this   hair   dryer   has   far   exceeded   my   expectations   on   both !   it   is   an   incredible   hair   dryer   quiet   and   really   powerful   and   it   cost   less   than   100 ! ! !   and   it   leaves   my   hair   feeling   incredible   no   frizz   or   flyways !
bulky   and   strange   heating   the   quality   of   hair   dryers   are   all   over   the   map ,   just   like   the   pricing .   i   ve   had   cheap   ones   that   have   been   outstanding ,   and   expensive   ones   that   have   been   horrible .   this   unit   falls   in   between .   while   it   is   an   1875   watt   ionic ,   the   heating   thermostat   seems   to   be   too   variable .   even   on   the   hottest   setting   it   stays   lukewarm   unless   you   keep   it   on   for   longer   then   5   minutes .   i   reminds   me   of   a   car   warming   up ,   in   that   it   doesn   t   just   start   right   away ,   you   have   to   wait   to   get   it   right .   br   it   is   also   a   little   bulkier   than   i   imagined .   i   do   not   like   the   tiny   ones ,   but   i   was   looking   for   something   that   had   some   space   considerations   regarding   storage .   it   is   very   large .   combine   that   with   the   heating   issue   and   i   could   not   recommend   this ,   even   at   the   price   i   paid .
todd   price   and   function   bought   these   for   our   rental   beach   house .   the   retractable   cord   was   our   favorite   feature .   a   good   price   for   this   unit .
best   ever   besides   the   fact   that   i   love   the   color ,   this   is   a   dynamo   of   a   blow   dryer .   i   have   been   using   conair   products   since   my   very   1st   blow   dryer   over   30   years   ago .   their   quality   is   excellent   and   long   lasting .   the   retractable   cord   along   with   the   excellent   reviews   made   it   an   easy   choice .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
good   hair   dryer .   works   great   and   i   can   channel   the   heat   to   a   specific   area   when   drying .   a   little   big   but   is   manageable .   thanks .
love   this ! ! !   works   great !   i   take   it   with   me   for   all   of   my   side   jobs   as   a   stylist ,   and   it   s   small   and   portable   enough   to   go   everywhere .
great   styling   tool !   i   would   defiantly   recommend   this   hair   dryer ! !   it   s   lightweight ,   quiet   and   drys   my   hair   fast   without   leaving   it   frizzy !   i   was   hesitant   to   buy   because   it   was   a   little   on   the   expensive   side   but   i   m   glad   i   made   the   purchase .
great   replacement   this   dryer   replaced   the   one   i   bought   in   college   years   ago   also   a   conair .   it   folds   up   to   fit   in   your   luggage ,   it   has   two   heat   settings   and   cold   air   as   blasts .   my   dog   likes   it ,   and   runs   when   he   sees   me   taking   it   out .   i   haven   t   had   any   issues .
awesome .   can   t   help   but   to   brag   about   this   to   everyone .   this   hair   dryer   works   so   good   and   dries   hair   super   fast .   it   is   heavy   though   so   don   t   drop   it   on   your   toe   like   i   did !   love   all   the   settings   it   has .
great   travel   hair   dryer   compact ,   dry   hair   fast .   great   buy   for   the   price !   it   fits   in   any   size   suitcases   or   bags ,   used   it   in   europe   with   no   problem .
great   hair   dryer   i   have   been   using   it   for   3   weeks   now ,   every   morning   to   dry   my   hair   and   i   love   it .   the   color   is   nice   red ,   not   pink   ,   it   is   not   too   loud ,   there   are   2   speeds   and   3   temperatures .   i   use   high   speed   and   medium   temperature   and   it   dries   my   medium   length   hair   in   a   few   minutes .   if   i   use   the   high   temperature ,   the   drying   time   is   about   half .   there   is   one   feature   that   i   totally   love   the   retracting   cord   no   more   wrapping   the   cord   around   the   hair   dryer .   love   it !
pro   styler   truly !   this   hair   dryer   is   the   easiest   to   use   and   its   affordable   and   the   most   hassle   free   dryer   but   def   not   a   pro   styler !
works   well ,   good   deal   this   dryer   does   everything   i   need   it   to   do .   i   bought   it   to   use   on   my   dog   since   he   shivers   after   a   bath ,   he   actually   lets   me   use   this   dryer   on   him   which   means   i   don   t   have   to   wrap   him   in   a   towel   and   hold   him   for   a   half   hour   after   his   bath .   i   usually   air   dry   my   long   thick   hair   but   am   able   to   dry   it   in   about   5   minutes   if   i   am   in   a   hurry   or   it   is   too   cold   for   wet   hair .   the   price   is   right ,   happy   with   this   purchase .
good   hair   dryer   the   hair   dryer   has   worked   really   well ,   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   cord   is   quite   a   bit   shorter   than   my   last   one .   i   would   give   this   product   five   stars   if   the   cord   was   longer .
poor   quality   big   hype   this   hairdryer   shuts   off   after   a   few   minutes   because   it   gets   so   hot .   it   was   disappointing   because   i   was   in   hawaii   for   a   wedding   and   i   couldn   t   use   it .   i   had   to   find   another   one .   never   again .   waste   of   money .
a   really   great   hair   dryer   i   have   had   this   item   for   a   while ,   but   waited   before   posting   a   review .   i   have   had   no   problems   with   it   at   all .   it   is   not   super   noisy   and   dries   my   hair   rather   quickly .   some   people   complain   of   the   weight ,   and   while   it   is   not   the   lighest   hair   dryer   around ,   it   does   not   wear   out   my   arms   when   using   it .
excellent   dryer   this   is   a   powerful   blower .   it   shortens   the   drying   time ,   and   it   is   not   that   noisy ,   well   if   i   compare   it   to   the   one   i   had   for   4   years .   great   quality .   i   am   please   my   dominican   hair   stylist   recommended   to   me .   i   definitely   recommend   it   to   you .   it   is   worth   the   price .
great   3   speed   blow   dryer !   great   hair   dryer   with   3   speeds ,   which   is   super   hard   to   find !   i   have   dry   curly   hair   and   really   want   a   low   speed   and   a   medium   speed .   also   folds   for   travel   and   has   removable   concentrator   attachment .
dryer   it   works   fine   i   love   it   i   use   it   every   sunday   its   nice   and   hot .   its   works   fine   like   a   dryer   in   a   salon
the   best   love ,   love ,   love   it .   its   not   very   heavy   or   particularly   loud   and   the   amazing   thing   is ,   it   actually   reels   the   cord   in ! !
simple   to   use !   this   dryer   does   really   make   a   difference   in   a   fuller   head   of   hair   appearance   using   the   sonic   property   of   this   dryer .   the   heat   and   intensity   choices   work   great   and   the   retraction   of   the   cord   is   a   nice   feature !
overall ,   good   product ,   but   noisy .   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   to   replace   a   previous ,   different   brand   that   was   beginning   to   fail .   the   wall   mount   installation   was   extremely   easy ,   since   i   was   able   to   reuse   the   metal   mounting   plate   from   my   previous   blow   dryer .   the   base   i . e .   wall   mounted   unit   contains   the   ground   fault   circuit   interrupter ,   so   the   cord   itself   looks   just   like   a   normal   cord .   the   length   of   the   plug   cord   can   be   adjusted   by   winding   it   on   the   backside   of   the   base   unit   before   sliding   the   unit   onto   its   mounting   plate .   drying   is   quick ,   and   the   only   criticism   i   have   for   this   appliance   is   that   it   is   quite   loud ,   especially   on   its   medium   high   settings .
dries   hair   quickly   easy   to   use ,   it   has   two   different   attachments   and   several   speeds   to   choose   from .   it   works   well   for   home   use .
great   hairdryer ,   but ....   my   last   hairdryer   bit   the   dust   and   i   was   looking   for   something   powerful   and   inexpensive   to   replace   it .   it   was   also   a   conair   1875 ,   perhaps   5   years   old .   br   br   this   conair   is   quite   a   bit   lighter   and   quieter   but   just   as   powerful .   my   hair   is   very   thick   and   i   was   concerned   it   would   take   too   long   to   dry   my   hair .   it   actually   dries   a   little   faster .   i   also   have   been   using   the   cool   button   to   finish   off   drying   a   section   and   it   seems   to   reduce   frizziness   and   makes   my   hair   look   a   little   smoother .   br   br   my   biggest   complaint   is   the   location   of   the   switches .   they   are   toggle   switches ,   placed   on   the   handle   right   where   you   grip   the   handle   with   your   palm .   it   is   quite   awkward   to   grip   this   and   not   flip   the   switches .   quite   a   pain .   i   wonder   if   anyone   actually   tested   the   design   of   this   hairdryer   before   putting   it   on   the   market   its   pretty   annoying .   i   have   been   able   to   hold   it   at   an   awkward   angle   to   get   my   hair   drying   done .
happy   with   this   one   i   ve   used   this   hair   dryer   for   a   week   now   it   s   your   average   but   good   ol   conair   product .   i   have   always   liked   the   conair   brand   better   than   revlon   they   last   longer .   the   warm   setting   on   this   one   is   only   slightly   warm   so   it   s   easy   to   have   to   bump   up   to   hot .   the   cord   is   a   little   short   compared   to   my   last   one   revlon   but   it   doesn   t   impede   usage   at   all   for   me .   the   vent   trap   is   easy   to   clean   and   i   don   t   accidentally   bump   any   buttons   while   using   which   is   nice .   it   s   not   as   heavy   as   i   expected   based   on   other   reviews   overall   happy   with   my   purchase ,   especially   considering   the   price !
great   hair   dryer   we   bought   this   for   our   rental   property   and   it   works   very   well .   i   would   highly   recommend   it   to   anyone   for   your   home   or   rental   property .
recommended   compact ,   light ,   not   too   noisy   compared   to   others .   high   quality   for   the   price .   came   in   perfect   condition ,   i   use   it   every   day   and   it   s   still   perfect .
works   great   for   the   price   there   was   nothing   that   i   really   didn   t   like   about   it .   br   and   these   are   the   things   that   i   liked   br   firstly ,   it   s   cheap .   secondly ,   it   s   small   and   not   so   heavy .   thirdly ,   i   ve   had   it   for   5   months   now   and   it   s   still   blowing   hot   air .
i   love   it   i   love   it   came   in   excellent   condition .   i   absolutely   br   love   it   i   have   every   positive   thought   about   my   blow   dryer
wonderful   product   quiet ,   very   light   and   long   cord ,   work   as   promised ,   cool   air   wonderful ,   medium   heat   is   all   required ...   br   loved   the   2   attachments   that   came   with   it .   br   came   earlier   than   expected !
travel   dryer   very   nice   small   convenient   dryer   for   travel .   i   liked   this   and   its   a   good   purchase   who   need   dryer   on   travel .
must   have   hair   dryer   used   this   hair   dryer   at   a   hotel   and   had   to   have   one !   it   s   light   weight ,   retract   cord   and   high   powered .
good   product   it   was   a   present   for   sis   in   law   for   her   bday .   she   loves   doing   hair ,   she   loved   it .   ! ! ! ! ! !  
a   great   little   dryer   i   was   pleasantly   pleased   with   this   hair   dryer   on   my   recent   trip   abroad .   it   will   likely   replace   my   full   sized   hair   dryer   on   future   trips .
wow   really   got   what   i   waz   expecting   !   great   price   and   straight   from   japan . i   m   gonna   buy   more   as   a   present   for   my   sister !
blown   away ! ! ! !   i   love   it !   i   am   a   hair   stylist   and   i   was   looking   for   a   decent   one   just   for   myself   at   home ,   and   boy   were   my   standards   exceeded !   its   very   powerful   for   its   size   and   i   love   the   attachments   that   cone   with   it .   great   price   for   a   great   blow   dryer !   very   happy !
nice   it   have   a   little   flaws   on   the   surface ,   but   does   not   affect   me   to   use   it .   nice   shipping ,   i   will   come   again
doesn   t   get   hot   enough   to   dry   my   hair   this   dryer   blows   nicely ,   but   does   not   get   hot   enough   to   dry   hair   quickly .   it   takes   a   really   long   time   to   dry   hair ,   and   it   comes   up   frizzy   due   to   drying   it   with   low   heat .   i   waited   too   long   to   return   it ,   so   am   stuck   with   it . going   to   use   it   to   dry   my   dogs   hair   after   bathing .   be   sure   to   return   within   the   given   time   period   if   you   find   it   does   not   get   hot   enough .   mine   may   be   defective .
fits   great   in   my   space .   i   like   the   easy   access   of   the   dryer   hanging   on   the   wall   rather   than   stored   in   the   vanity   drawer .   it   works   well   plus   takes   up   little   space .
just   needed   parts   to   assemble ! ! !   my   wife   liked   it   after   they   sent   the   necessary   parts   to   assemble   the   hood .   it   may   be   a   bit   noisy   but ,   it   s   okay .
wall   mount   dryer ,   the   way   to   go   !   this   is   the   second   sunbeam   oster   34   wall   34   mount   hair   dryer   we   have   had   over   br   perhaps   the   past   twenty   years ,   and   we   have   never   been   more   satisfied .   it   br   looks   good   on   our   bathroom   wall ,   and   it   is   not   intrusive   in   any   way .   it   is   also   br   quiet   and   easy   to   keep   clean .   i   recommend   it   highly .   also ,   thanks   to   amazon ,   br   it   is   the   worlds   best   shopping   source .
andis   is   great   it   is   light   weight ,   easy   to   hold ,   and   it   s   two   levels   of   power   make   it   perfect   for   all   hair   styling .
shorted   out   after   5   months   i   would   have   given   this   product   five   stars   at   this   time   yesterday .   unfortunately ,   yesterday   i   heard   a   popping   sound   while   using   it ,   and   it   completely   stopped   working .   totally   unacceptable .
great   dryer   absolutely   love   this   hairdryer .   it   has   a   special   grip   coating   that   keeps   it   from   slipping   around ,   and   is   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   thick   hair   quickly   without   frizzing
cheap   my   old   conair   was   great .   this   one   is   weak   and   the   attachments   fall   off   mid   use .   will   be   replacing   soon !   don   t   recommend .
average   dryer   i   had   not   purchased   a   hair   dryer   in   14   years   i   was   still   using   my   mary   kate   ashley   olsen   hair   dryer   from   my   youth .   having   worked   at   ulta   during   college ,   i   grew   to   love   the   hot   tools   products .   i   was   waiting   to   purchase   this   brand   of   hair   dryer   after   using   other   hot   tools   styling   tools   when   my   hair   dryer   finally   gave   out .   on   the   day   that   my   blow   dryer   finally   died ,   i   quickly   purchased   this   model .   sure ,   it   has   several   speed   and   heat   settings ,   but   it   s   nothing   special .   my   itty   bitty   hair   dryer   from   2000   did   as   good   of   a   job   as   the   ion   ceramic   multi   function   hair   dryers   of   present   day .   i   don   t   think   you   re   going   to   notice   a   difference   in   dryers   until   you   really   jump   into   a   different   price   bracket   with   the   t   3s   and   chi   s .   i   think   i   could   have   spend   about   15   less   and   still   achieved   the   same   look   and   quality .   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair ,   and   unfortunately ,   the   speed   of   drying   has   not   changed   even   with   a   much   newer   and   larger   model   than   the   one   i   chose   to   use   14   years   ago .
like   the   one   i   used   as   a   kid   there   aren   t   a   lot   of   hard   hat   hair   dryers   around   any   more .   this   one   is   not   too   expensive   and   gets   the   job   done .   my   only   complaint   about   it   is   the   plastic   smell   which   was   overpowering   the   first   few   times   i   used   it .   i   m   happy   to   say   that   did   subside .   would   buy   again .
spend   a   little   more   the   product   design   is   lacking .   controls   on   handle   but   not   set   in   so   very   easy   to   turn   off   while   styling   your   hair .   clumsy   design .   may   want   to   spend   a   little   more   for   a   quality   product .   not   to   be   deceived   by   the   picture .
dryer   this   thing   runs   day   and   night   at   my   house   and   is   still   going   many   months   later   ,   what   more   do   you   need   to   know
quite   loud   this   dryer   is   quite   loud ,   but   i   love   that   it   is   ionized   and   ceramic   and   light   weight .   i   don   t   use   a   hair   dryer   much   so   it   works   well   for   me .
love   the   feel   of   this   blow   dryer   4   stars   because   it   is   a   great   blowdryer ,   but   the   only   con   is   that   the   cord   is   kind   of   short .   it   is   very   efficient   and   blow   dries   my   hair   silky   smooth   and   sleek ,   it   comes   with   some   accesories   as   well   which   is   a   plus   such   as   a   difuser .   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone   for   the   great   price !
hairdryer   simply   put   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .   love   the   speeds   and   the   ease   of   use ,   it   s   not   heavy   to   hold
dud   i   think   i   got   a   dud   it   doesn   t   blow   hot   heat ,   my   old   hair   dryer   blows   more   heat   to   dry   hair   faster
my   favorite   hair   dryer !   i   first   ordered   on   of   these   hair   dryers   about   5   years   ago   after   using   it   at   a   hotel   in   maui .   it   s   light   weight   and   works   well   for   my   baby   fine   hair .   i   always   have   a   hard   time   finding   a   simple   hair   dryer   that   has   the   right   combination   of   power   and   heat .   the   first   one   i   ordered   lasted   about   3   years .   i   think   that   s   about   the   life   for   this   product   since   it   does   not   have   a   removable   vent   filter   to   clean .   but ... after   trying   a   few   others   i   went   right   back   to   the   tried   and   true !
blow   dryer   i   received   this   blow   dryer   fast .   my   other   conair   broke   after   many   years .   this   new   one   works   great   my   hair   dries   fast .
love   the   diffuser   i   ve   never   had   a   blow   dryer   with   a   diffuser   and   i   have   wavy   curly   hair .   this   diffuser   works   great   and   my   hair   looks   great   after   using   it !
good   so   far   i   never   owned   a   blow   dryer   before   so   i   cant   really   compare   drying   time .   other   than   that   i   like   the   the   item   as   a   cg   i   choose   to   only   use   low   heat   on   my   hair   with   a   finger   diffuser   to   dry   my   hair .   which   cuts   my   8   hrs   air   drying   down   to   an   hour   if   i   want   it   to   be   100   dry   of   waiting   for   my   hair   to   dry .   a   couple   of   things   that   knocks   this   down   to   4   stars   instead   of   5   is   that   you   cant   use   the   switches   to   keep   it   on   a   cool   setting   only   the   cool   shot   button ,   but   holding   down   on   that   button   while   trying   to   get   my   entire   head   feels   akward   to   me .   also ,   the   finger   diffuser   that   comes   with   it   is   tiny .   i   ended   up   purchasing   a   larger   universal   finger   diffuser   instead   to   cut   down   on   the   drying   time .
love   it !   this   is   about   the   4th   hair   dryer   i   have   had   that   hangs   on   the   wall .   i   won   t   have   any   other   style .   it   makes   using   the   dryer   so   convenient .   you   don   t   have   to   take   it   out   of   the   drawer .   the   little   cord   hook   is   very   nice . the   night   light   is   an   additional   bonus .
hair   dryer   for   the   size   of   the   dryer ,   it   s   quite   heavy   and   there   is   no   attachment   for   the   end   of   the   dryer   to   direct   flow .   less   than   ideal .
tiny   tiny   and   perfect   for   travel .   it   is   soooo   small   and   perfect   for   travel .   it   has   pretty   good   power   and   the   travel   case   was   a   nice   touch .
it   is   ok   it   can   t   be   used   as   hot   as   i   wished .   seems   that   the   engine   would   not   bear   the   temperature .   design   is   clean   and   i   like   it .
best   blowdryer   around   i   ve   been   using   this   dryer   for   over   10   years   or   close   !   it   has   the   best   power   and   can   get   my   hair   straight   or   can   diffuse   it   exactly   how   i   want   it   with   the   settings .   will   continue   buying   if   anything   ever   happens   to   it !
vidal   sassoon   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   the   color   is   much   prettier   here   on   amazon   than   in   person .   in   person   it   is   a   much   darker   red ,   not   as   bright   and   shiny .   the   attachments   go   on   hard   and   the   finger   diff   user   is   just   so   large   that   it   really   can   t   be   used   effectively .   the   back   cover   comes   off   for   easy   cleaning   and   it   does ,   nicely   and   the   screen   is   easy   to   clean .   the   angle   attachment   works   good .   for   the   price ,   it   is   a   good   deal .   br   br   still   a   great   deal ,   love   my   hair   dryer .   i   didn   t   use   the   diffuser ,   so   i   sold   it   on   ebay   and   the   hair   dryer   paid   for   itself  
i   love   it .   but   it   did   arrive   a   little   scratched   up   on   the   flip   up   part .   very   quiet ,   works   great .   it   was   scratched   on   the   light   colored   plastic .   it   looks   like   maybe   they   removed   a   sticker ,   it   s   not   horrible   i   just   didn   t   expect   a   new   item   to   be   scratched   like   that .   easy   to   put   together .   and   after   reading   reviews   before   my   purchase   i   will   add   it   did   come   with   the   plug   in   cord .   i   m   very   happy   with   it .   im   a   cosmetologist   and   i   have   a   1   chair   salon   this   works   perfect   for   me .
best   blow   dryer   i   don   t   think   i   ll   ever   be   able   to   use   a   regular   blow   dryer   again .   this   one   is   the   best   ever .
great   have   lots   of   hair   but   the   medium   heat   seems   to   handle   it   well .   i   m   happy   with   it   hope   it   last   long .
great   blowdryer   for   the   price   i   was   honestly   not   expecting   that   much   from   this   blowdryer   due   to   its   low   cost ,   but   i   am   happy   to   report   that   i   really   underestimated   it .   it   is   lightweight ,   has   a   reasonably   powerful   motor ,   and   a   good   range   of   power   and   temperature   selections .   i   also   like   that   it   features   tourmaline   ceramic   as   this   really   does   help   to   smooth   my   hair .   the   lint   filter   on   the   back   is   also   very   easy   to   clean ,   which   is   important .   i   ve   burned   out   several   blowdryers   due   to   clogged   air   intake ,   but   i   know   it   won   t   happen   with   this   one   as   the   lint   is   so   easy   to   remove .   the   only   reason   i   m   giving   this   blowdryer   four   stars   instead   of   five   is   because   it   is   not   quite   as   powerful   as   others   i   ve   used ,   which   adds   a   little   extra   time   to   my   blowdrying ,   maybe   a   couple   of   minutes .   it   really   is   a   nice   blowdryer   overall   and   a   terrific   value .
cheaper   in   price   than   at   retail   store .   works   great !   originally   purchased   elsewhere   for   10   more !   returned   that   one   and   got   it   here   cheaper !   been   using   for   a   few   weeks   and   loving   it .   definitely   needed   an   upgrade   and   this   is   a   great   buy .
great   product   for   the   price   this   is   a   great   dryer   for   the   price .   occasionally   i   have   trouble   retracting   the   cord ,   but   it   always   seems   to   get   figured   out .   i   m   buying   a   second   for   travel .  
to   bolw   or   not   to   blow   cheep   in   price   means   bad   performence .   a   little   better   than   air   dry .   not   hot   enough   and   no   air   force .   i   should   have   not   been   such   a   cheep   skate   and   bought   the   more   exspensive   one .
small   and   powerful   love   this   hair   dryer ,   i   m   a   hairstylist   i   need   a   hair   dryer   that   drys   hair   quickly   and   light   in   weight   because   i   have   to   hold   it   so   much   throughout   the   day .   br   i   highly   recommend .
seems   different   then   the   one   i   had   before   i   had   this   exact   model   for   like   3   years .   my   husband   bought   this   for   me   online   bc   it   was   finally   dying   on   me .   but   this   one ... idk   its   not   as   powerful   as   my   old   one .   and   im   literally   in   the   bathroom   ten   minutes   longer   trying   to   get   my   hair   dry .
small   but   effective   great   little   hair   dryer   for   traveling   with .   power   is   more   than   adequate   for   my   usage .   wish   it   came   in   other   colors .
nice   quiet   hair   dryer   this   is   a   nice   lightweight   hair   dryer   which   i   appreciate   as   i   have   fms   and   it   s   hard   for   me   to   keep   my   arms   up   above   my   shoulders   for   any   length   of   time .   also   like   that   it   doesn   t   blow   my   eardrums   out .   satisfied   with   it .   got   it   as   a   gift   from   my   daughters .
cute   but   not   good   in   europe ...   it   s   definitely   cute   and   barbie   like .   it   does   have   an   option   for   250v   or   110v ...   problem   is ,   when   in   europe   even   tho   it   was   on   the   250v   setting ,   both   speeds   were   the   same   high   and   both   temperatures   were   the   same   boiling   hot .   i   couldn   t   put   the   diffuser   close   to   my   scalp   as   the   air   was   just   too   hot .   when   i   got   back   to   the   states   i   tried   it   on   110v   and   it   had   two   speeds   and   two   temps   but   still   way   too   warm   for   a   low   setting .   i   wasn   t   able   to   return   it   because   i   d   passed   the   deadline   by   the   time   i   got   back   from   my   trip .   i   will   probably   donate   this ...   it   doesn   t   really   work   overseas   unless   you   want   to   burn   your   scalp .
dangerous !   i   had   this   blow   dryer   a   little   over   a   year ,   and   i   was   never   very   happy   with   it .   it   seemed   to   make   my   hair   frizzy .   br   this   morning ,   about   three   minutes   after   i   began   using   it ,   there   seemed   to   be   a   problem   with   the   power   getting   to   the   dryer   it   would   stop   and   start .   then   the   smoke   started   pouring   out   of   the   cord   where   it   attached   to   the   handle .   i   quickly   unplugged   it   before   it   completely   caught   on   fire .   i   have   never   had   this   happen   with   a   blow   dryer .   many   other   similar   reports   online   when   i   looked   it   up .   i   definitely   do   not   recommend   this   product .
great   for   home   it   is   powerful   effective   with   defuser   concentrator .   i   wanted   something   for   traveling   but   too   heavy .   folding   handle   was   good ,   but   too   big   for   my   use .
the   perfect   small   blow   dryer   bought   this   to   replace   my   old ,   compact   conair   1600 .   hard   to   find   a   small   dryer   like   this   that   doesn   t   have   a   folding   handle ,   has   just   the   right   amount   of   air   velocity   at   each   setting ,   and   doesn   t   come   with   a   lot   of   34   frou   frou   34   attachments   and   improvements .   this   dryer   is   perfect .   simple ,   efficient ,   works   great .   i   m   happy .
best   ever   i   have   never   paid   so   much   for   a   blow   dryer ,   but   i   have   no   regrets .   i   feel   as   if   it   is   so   worth   it   and   i   get   a   quick   and   professional   blow   out .   i   expect   this   to   last   a   very   long   time ,   but   i   would   buy   another   in   a   heartbeat .
good   dryer   quiet ,   love   the   retractable   core   not   real   lite ,   hope   that   will   be   a   sign   it   will   last .   but   not   bulky .   a   plus   for   me
nice   product   got   dryer   pretty   quick .   my   daughter   loves   it   and   she   has   thick   long   hair .   satisfied   so   far   with   this   product
nice   light   hair   dryer !   this   hair   dryer   is   very   light ,   quieter   than   some ,   but   still   pretty   loud   on   high .   i   think   the   high   fan   setting   is   a   bit   fast   for   styling ,   but   is   good   for   drying   hair   quickly .   the   high   hot   heat   is   hot !   overall   i   am   satisfied   with   this   dryer   and   would   recommend   it .   br   br   it   arrived   when   amazon   said   that   it   would .
erogomically   convenient   works   as   expected   however ,   perpetual   nightlight   is   too   bright ,   this   was   a   replacement   item ,   so   hopefully   it   lasts   longer   than   the   previous   one
conair   1875   watt   ionic   conditioning   hair   dryer   this   is   a   very   nice   hair   dryer .   i   like   the   size .   it   has   a   high   and   low   heat   which   is   very   comfortable .   it   s   not   too   noisy   which   is   nice .   it   can   be   cleaned   too   which   is   very   easy .   the   price   is   very   good   i   have   bought   others   at   twice   the   price   and   only   half   as   good !   very   happy   with   it .
awesome   this   hair   dryer   is   great   and   my   really   loved   it   as   a   gift ,   i   would   recommend   this   to   all   my   friends   and   family
great   dryer ,   especially   for   the   price !   i   got   this   hair   dryer   for   mom   because   her   carpel   tunnel   syndrome   had   been   acting   up   and   her   hair   dryer   had   become   too   heavy   for   her .   this   hair   dryer   is   tiny !   don   t   be   fooled   by   it   s   size   though ,   very   powerful   for   a   low   watt   dryer .   it   s   actually   kept   her   hair   healthier   from   the   low   watts ,   though   her   drying   time   has   remained   the   same .   it   s   also   the   perfect   travel   size   hair   dryer .   heck ,   it   fits   in   her   purse !   i   liked   it   so   much   i   bought   one   for   myself   as   well .   it   does   not   come   with   a   cool   shot   setting ,   which   i   thought   would   make   achieving   curls   more   difficult .   the   attachments   are   tiny   as   well ,   so   the   air   does   not   diffuse   much   as   a   regular   size   hair   dryer   does .   however ,   because   the   size   is   so   tiny   and   light   weight   it   makes   styling   so   much   easier   and   therefore   our   hair   looks   better   than   ever !   i   don   t   have   to   use   hot   rollers   anymore   because   i   can   more   readily   control   the   direction   of   air   on   my   hair   with   each   stroke   much   like   my   hairdresser .
just   right   4   me   easy   to   use .   easy   to   store .   dries   quickly .   nice   design   and   fits   in   with   my   bathroom   d   cor .   i   would   definitely   buy   product   again   if   needed   or   for   a   gift .
blow   dryer   i   needed   a   new   blow   dryer   and   because   of   the   good   reviews   on   this   one   i   decided   to   get   it .   it   works   great   would   definitely   recommend   it
great   styler   dryer   i   am   a   cosmetologist   of   just   about   a   decade .   the   main   reason   that   i   purchased   this   dryer   was   its   price ,   practicality   and   its   brand .   andis   is   one   of   the   leaders   in   professional   clippers   in   the   hair   industry ,   so   i   figured   that   i   would   give   this   dryer   a   shot .   i   have   fine   normal   curly   just   to   about   the   ears ,   and   this   dryer   gets   it   quite   straight . i   must   admit   that   the   34   high   velocity   34   air   speed   is   not   there ,   however ,   the   heat   is   really   intense .   as   a   professional ,   if   i   had   to   compare   this   to   a   standard   salon   dryer ,   performance   wise ,   i   would   say   that   it   acts   a   lot   like   the   original   chi   dryers ,   low   speed ,   intense   heat ,   with   ionic   coating   to   break   water   molecules   up   faster .   now ,   that   being   said ,   if   someone   wants   a   dryer   that   really   blows   the   water   out   of   the   hair ,   i   would   recommend ,   concerning   affordability   and   professional   performance ,   the   babyliss   2800 ,   not   that   weighty   and   truly   cuts   drying   time ,   in   half ,   has   a   3   year   warranty   and   amazon   sells   it   for   half   the   retail   price   .   br   br   this   little   andis   dryer   works   great   for   hair   shorter   than   top   of   the   shoulders ,   if   you   have   really   thick   curly   or   long   hair ,   i   would   recommend   use   a   t   parting   in   your   hair   draw   a   straight   line   with   a   wide   toothed   comb   from   the   center   of   your   eyebrows ,   to   the   back   of   your   neck   and   comb   each   section   down ,   from   the   very   top   of   your   head ,   draw   a   line   from   ear   to   ear   to   make   a   lower   case   t   on   your   head   and   do   your   hair   in   quadrants ,   clipping   them   with   butterfly   clamps   helps   to   keep   other   sections   out   of   your   way   3   5   min   extra   prep   time ,   but   works   wonders   for   straightening   effectively ,   and   saves   you   time   in   the   end .   br   br   this   dryer   does   exactly   what   it   says ,   it   styles   hair ,   quite   nicely   might   i   add . the   attachments   are   better   than   other   vertical   dryers   that   i   have   owned . the   brush   attachment   is   boar   bristle ,   which   allows   one   to   naturally   distribute   oil   through   the   hair ,   which   is   essential   to   a   less   frizzy   and   smoother   blow   dry .   for   those   who   have   coarse ,   thick , tightly   curled ,   or   all   of   the   above ,   use   the   comb   attachment   that   best   suits   you ,   and   use   the   brush   to   set   and   smooth   it   in   the   direction   that   you   would   like   it   to   go ,   this   will   mold   your   hair .   air   cool   the   section   that   you   are   working   on , the   cool   shot   button   on   any   dryer   is   almost   useless ,   takes   too   long   to   cool ,   by   the   time   it   does ,   the   section   that   you   are   working   on   is   practically   almost   ready   and   is   set   .   br   overall ,   this   is   a   four   star   dryer ,   it   comes   with   a   five   year   warranty ,   it   s   very   hot ,   and   it   is   great   for   people   like   me   who   suffer   from   carp   tunnel   and   arthritis   in   their   hands .   at   under   twenty   dollars ,   this   is   a   great   deal ,   it   is   nearly   impossible   to   find   one   locally   at   that   price ,   especially   with   a   professional   brand   backing   it .   thanks   again   amazon ,   i   find   so   much   great   stuff   here ! r   all   of   the   above ,   use   the   comb   attachment   that   best   suits   you ,   and   use   the   brush   to   set   and   smooth   it   in   the   direction   that   you   would   like   it   to   go ,   this   will   mold   your   hair .   air   cool   the   section   that   you   are   working   on , the   cool   shot   button   on   any   dryer   is   almost   useless ,   takes   too   long   to   cool ,   by   the   time   it   does ,   the   section   that   you   are   working   on   is   practically   almost   ready   and   is   set   .   br   overall ,   this   is   a   four   star   dryer ,   it   comes   with   a   five   year   warranty ,   it   s   very   hot ,   and   it   is   great   for   people   like   me   who   suffer   from   carp   tunnel   and   arthritis   in   their   hands .   at   under   twenty   dollars ,   this   is   a   great   deal ,   it   is   nearly   impossible   to   find   one   locally   at   that   price ,   especially   with   a   professional   brand   backing   it .   thanks   again   amazon ,   i   find   so   much   great   stuff   here !
super   sleek   shiny   hair   i   m   a   big   fan   of   panasonic   hair   dryers   and   the   reason   why   is   simply   because   they   leave   my   hair   looking   healthy   and   shiny   .   br   fair   price   and   does   a   great   job   keeping   my   hair   straight   with   a   bounce   and   weight   in   it   ,   i   blow   dry   my   hair   then   use   the   kurukuru   after   i   spray   my   hair   with   a   heat   protector   ..   p . s   my   hair   type   is   wavy  
great   price ,   great   hair   dryer   excellent   power ,   variety   of   settings ,   great   price !   difuser   is   perfect   for   curly   hair .   if   you   need   a   hair   dryer ,   choose   this   one .
good   hairdryer   my   old   conair   burnt   out   after   about   10   years   of   use .   i   debated   spending   more   money   on   a   pricier   model ,   but   saw   the   reviews   for   more   costly   hair   dryers   were   hit   or   total   miss .   i   decided   on   this   dryer ,   it   came   with   a   concentrator   nozzle   and   a   diffuser .   i   ve   used   both   and   i   love   this   dryer .   it   gets   the   job   done .   i   just   wish   that   the   cord   was   retractable   like   my   old   conair   dryer   .
quiet   ish   and   soft   to   the   touch   i   finally   broke   down   and   purchased   a   new   blow   dryer   after   mine   started   sparking ..   really   pleased   with   the   purchase !   i   ve   now   had   this   for   several   months   and   no   issues   with   the   surface   peeling   off ,   which   i   was   worried   about   from   other   reviews .
it   s   powerful ,   but ...   it   s   powerful ,   and   it   has   cooler   button .   i   don   t   know   why ,   it   wash   t   too   hot ,   but   after   using   it   i   can   smell   burns .
indestructible   this   is   a   beautiful   chrome   gun   metal   looking   dryer   with   an   extra   long   cord   that   i   love .   the   first   day   i   got   it ,   i   accidentally   dropped   it   in   a   sink   full   of   water   it   was   completely   submerged .   it   immediately   shut   off   as   soon   as   it   hit   the   water .   i   left   it   to   dry   and   the   next   day   i   plugged   it   in   and   it   worked .   i   was   pretty   impressed .
great !   this   is   a   great   hairdryer   and   it   is   very   quiet   compared   to   others   i   ve   had .   i   am   very   happy   with   this   purchase .   i   keep   it   on   neutral   ions   for   the   most   part .   i   haven   t   noticed   a   big   difference   between   the   2   ion   settings ,   but   i   wasn   t   expecting   to   anyway .   it   seems   like   a   gimmick .   i   was   more   concerned   with   having   multiple   speeds   and   heat   settings   which   this   has .
so   lightweight   and   quiet !   blow   dries   in   half   the   time   of   my   old ,   dinosaur   of   a   hair   dryer !   i   have   used   it   for   about   a   month   now ,   with   no   problems   at   all !   would   definitely   recommend !
good   product   for   a   decent   price   i   had   only   ever   used   cheap   hairdryers   in   my   life   and   decided   to   finally   get   a   good   one .   i   already   owned   one   of   their   straighteners ,   so   i   decided   to   give   their   dryer   a   shot   too .   they   re   decently   priced   and   are   also   a   very   high   quality   product .   i   have   super   thick   hair   that   normally   takes   ages   to   dry   all   the   way .   this   dryer   cuts   the   time   by   a   significant   amount .   there   is   also   a   free   manufacturer   warranty   on   the   item ,   so   definitely   take   advantage   of   that   if   you   re   nervous   about   trying   a   brand   you   don   t   know .
it   works   for   me !   for   the   price   i   paid ,   i   have   no   complaints .   it   works   for   me   gets   the   job   done ..   ...   ...
plug   it   works   well   but   it   takes   a   lot   of   room   over   the   outlet .   large   square   plug   cover   both   of   them !
love   this   dryer !   this   is   the   second   one   i   bought ...   because   my   daughter   stole   my   first   one ! ! !   the   ease   to   travel   with   it   is   amazing ,   but   i   use   it   every   single   day ! !   i   love   that   it   dries   so   fast   and   is   so   light   weight ! ! !   none   of   the   clunky   other   driers   would   ever   do   now ! !   i   am   spoiled !
weak   this   dryer   does   not   blow   strong .   we   need   to   use   the   concentrator   attachment   for   it   to   work   at   all   well .   the   diffuser   is   a   joke   you   might   as   well   blow   on   your   own   hair .   i   bought   this   to   replace   my   20   year   old   misty   tone   1500   it   is   really   not   any   better   at   all .
best   blowdryer .. on   my   second   one !   i   had   this   blowdryer   for   2   years   when   it   blew   out   and   had   to   be   replaced   totally   my   fault   by   the   way ,   didnt   realize   you   are   suppose   to   clean   out   the   back   of   blowdryers .   fuzz   had   gotten   in   my   filter   and   the   motor   blew   .   when   i   went   to   buy   a   new   one ,   i   wanted   to   replace   with   same   model   because   i   loved   it   so   much .   it   dries   my   long   thick   hair   much   quicker   than   other   models   and   i   do   think   it   is   better   on   your   hair   so   they   advertise ,   and   i   so   like   to   think !   the   cord   keeper   is   a   great   feature   too   and   keeps   corn   from   getting   all   weird   and   twisted .   get   this !   your   hair   will   thank   you !
great   i   ve   had   a   few   different   hair   dryers   and   by   far   this   is   my   favorite .   fast ,   powerful ,   and   lite .   definitely   recommend   it .
used   it   first   time   last   night   this   is   a   quick   drying   dryer ,   which   is   what   we   all   want ,   lol .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   little   snappy ,   beware   of   it   flipping   the   cord   against   you .   i   love   the   color ,   very   bright   and   cheerful .   so   far   so   good .
works   well   only   4   stars   because   it   does   not   have   a   retractable   cord .   otherwise   the   product   works   as   expected   and   does   have   an   extra   long   cord .
pretty   good   buy !   fast   shipping ,   was   exactly   like   the   picture .   easy   to   put   together   and   it   s   quiet   you   can   barely   hear   it   running .   mines   did   come   without   the   screw   but   i   contacted   the   seller   and   they   quickly   sent   the   parts .   so   overall   it   s   a   pretty   good   dryer   and   works   great !   gets   the   job   done ,   very   good   buy !
great   styling   control   for   short   hair   after   reading   several   answers   to   my   question   about   whether   this   dryer   has   2   or   3   fan   speeds ,   i   decided   to   go   ahead   and   buy   it   at   a   retail   store .   i   can   tell   you   definitively   that   it   has   3   heat   settings ,   but   only   2   fan   settings .   the   only   difference   between   the   medium   and   high   settings   is   the   temperature   that   blows   out .   the   fan   speeds   are   actually   low   and   medium .   it   turns   out   that   this   worked   out   fine   for   me ,   because   i   wanted   a   dryer   that   didn   t   feel   like   a   hurricane   while   trying   to   style   my   short   hair .   br   br   people   with   long ,   thick   hair   probably   won   t   like   this   dryer   because   it   doesn   t   have   a   real   powerful   fan   speed .   may   i   recommend   for   you   guys   the   conair   1875   watt   ion   shine   hair   styler .   that   dryer   has   2   fan   speeds ,   one   is   a   gentle   breeze ,   the   other   a   virtual   hurricane ,   but   i   bet   it   dries   long   hair   in   a   jiffy .   i   have   relegated   that   dryer   to   the   closet ,   perhaps   to   dry   hand   washed   clothes   or   something   like   that .
dries   your   hair   quickly !   very   nice   hair   dryer .   i   first   got   to   try   this   in   a   hotel   in   new   york .   i   was   amazed   at   how   quickly   it   dried   my   hair .   i   knew   i   had   to   get   one   when   i   got   home !   it   dries   your   hair   nicely   without   cooking   your   head !   my   old   dryer   got   so   hot   it   was   uncomfortable .   not   this   one .   i   m   very   happy   with   my   purchase .   great   price   too !
hair   product ...   this   hair   dryer   has   exceeded   my   standards .   i   love   it   when   doing   my   daughter   hair   she   never   complained   about   it   being   to   hot   or   the   comb   pulling   her   hair .   after   drying   the   hair   it   looked   fabulous   it   just   blew   with   the   wind   bouncy .   my   daughter   loved   it ..   it   makes   the   hair   look   like   you   left   the   salon   beautiful .   ..   i   love   it ...
if   you   have   a   girlfriend ,   you   need   this   as   a   man   i   take   pride   in   always   being   ready   at   a   moments   notice ,   but   if   you   have   a   girlfriend   you   know   that   s   not   always   true   and   sitting   around   waiting   for   her   to   get   ready   can   be   a   pain   when   all   you   want   to   do   is   get   to   the   party   and   have   a   few   beers   with   your   friends ,   with   this   bad   boy   she   can   dry   do   her   hair   in   20mins   or   less   not   including   shower   time ,   make   up   time   and   dress   up   time   imagine   waiting   only   an   hour   instead   of   3 !   this   has   saved   me   time ,   money   on   the   electric   bill ,   and   my   relationship ,   plus   chicks   love   leopard   print ,   and   it   works   great   on   my   dogs   don   t   tell   my   gf  
it   work   ok   so   far   both   my   wife   and   daughter   love   this   hair   dryer .   they   use   it   weekly   without   complaining   about   it   which   for   me   sounds   great .
best   blow   dryer   for   your   best   blow   dryer   for   your   ! ! ! !   i   have   coarse   thick   long   hair ...   and   this   blow   dryer   gets   my   hair   dry   in   no   time !   definitely   worth   it !  
there   s   no   such   thing   as   a   quiet   hair   dryer .   this   dryer   is   not   quiet   but   the   noise   is   so   much   more   tolerable   compared   to   some   dryers   that   has   whistling   noise   or   just   super   loud .   i   love   that   it   is   foldable   and   retractable   makes   it   easier   for   storage   and   for   traveling .
love   it   this   dryer   is   very   lightweight ,   quiet   and   it   dries   hair   quickly .   the   three   heat   settings   are   great   and   the   touch   is   nice
conair   1875   watt   ionic   conditioning   hair   dryer   i   love   it ,   it   works   great .   i   wish   it   had   the   ability   to   regrow   hair ,   since   my   hair   line   is   receding   at   an   alarming   rate   though !
just   ok   the   dryer   does   an   adequate   job ,   but   doesn   t   seem   to   generate   the   same   level   of   heat   that   my   previous   1875   watt   dryer   did .   the   attachment   to   direct   the   air   flow   also   doesn   t   seem   to   work   as   well .   i   have   been   using   this   dryer   for   about   six   months ,   so   i   think   i   have   had   it   plenty   of   time   to   get   used   to ,   but   still   i   don   t   like   it   as   well   as   my   previous   one .
works   great   my   old   blow   dryer   just   quit   on   me   one   day   so   i   ordered   this   one   and   it   works   great .   it   came   with   a   curling   head   and   a   flat   head   and   i   have   had   no   issues   yet .   has   good   air   strength   and   lets   you   choose   cool ,   warm   or   hot .
powerful   little   unit   for   its   size   i   am   amazed   at   the   34   horsepower   34   the   velocity   and   heat   that   comes   from   this   thing   is   amazing   and   puts   full   sized   hair   dryers   to   shame .
excellent   product   this   was   my   best   purchase   yet !   br   the   hair   dryer   straightens   as   it   dries   however ,   it   doesn   t   burn   my   hair .   br   i   am   enjoying   this   hair   dryer   so   much ,   i   m   thinking   of   getting   a   backup   in   case   something   happens   to   this   one .
my   wife   doesn   t   complain ...   ... worth   five   stars   just   for   that .   quiet ,   powerful   with   several   settings   and   a   comfortable   ergonomic   handle .   convenient   hook   keeps   the   blow   dryer   out   of   our   way   next   to   the   vanity   when   not   in   use .
perfect   choice !   i   like   this   hair   dryer   because   it   works   quickly ,   doesn   t   over   dry   my   hair   so   there   s   no   damage   for   using   it ,   and   it   doesn   t   weigh   much .
bonnet   style   hair   dryer   i   have   only   used   it   a   few   times   but   so   far   i   love   it .   it   heats   up   and   works   as   good   as   the   one   in   the   beauty   shop   that   i   go   to .   i   just   hope   it   will   last   a   long   time .   i   would   give   it   a   5   star   if   i   had   it   longer   than   i   have .
easy   to   pack   and   worked   well   in   chile   bought   this   for   a   2   week   trip   to   chile .   worked   well   on   their   220   volt   system   though   it   cannot   be   used   on   high   heat   and   high   fan   when   operating   on   220 .   once   i   got   home   to   the   us   i   moved   my   current   hair   dryer   to   the   guest   bathroom   and   am   using   this   one   now .   it   has   a   strong   fan   and   the   heat   options   are   accurate .   br   br   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   handle   make   it   less   cumbersome   in   the   suitcase   and   it   s   easier   to   store   at   home   too .
great   hairdryer !   looks   sheik ,   works   great ,   and   i   can   see   this   piece   staying   with   me   for   a   long   time .   i   ve   had   it   for   a   year   and   it   s   still   going   strong .
ok   i   really   need   one   of   these   that   goes   from   1   4   1   inch   barrel   as   i   have   very   short   layered   hair   i   need   to   and   volume   and   height   to   and   turn   curlers   to   soft   waves .   i   do   not   want   it   straight .
liked   old   one   better   the   original   sunbeam   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   was   much   better .   it   was   smaller   and   easier   to   use .   this   is   ok   since   i   can   t   find   the   original
broken   within   a   year   while   the   dryer   did   work   well ,   it   lasted   only   a   year   before   the   fan   on   the   motor   broke ,   rendering   the   hair   dryer   useless .   in   my   opinion ,   this   is   shoddy   workmanship   and   not   worth   the   money   spent .   so ,   i   would   recommend   finding   another   hair   dryer   to   purchase   rather   than   this   model .
the   best   dryer   ever .....   i   received   this   dryer   in   a   few   days   after   ordering   it .... and   im   so   glad   that   i   did ! ! !   my   hair   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   typically   but   not   w   this   dryer . my   hair   is   very   thick   to   dry   it   usually   is   a   process .   i   love   this   dryer   simply   because   it   dries   my   hair   in   record   time . ! ! !   i   would   recommend   this   dryer   to   anyone . for   the   price   this   dryer   is   amazing ! ! !
very   nice   looking   hair   dryer   and   very   sturdy   just   because   a   hair   dryer   is   pretty   and   sturdy   does   not   mean   i   like   it .   it   s   very   loud   and   very   heavy .   also   it   s   very   powerful .   i   have   natural   curly   hair   and   even   with   the   diffuser   it   s   too   powerful   and   makes   may   hair   frizz .   i   will   be   trying   the   conair   curl   fusion   ionic   br   ceramic   styler   hair   dryer   because   i   heard   it   s   better   for   curly   hair   and   not   as   heavy   or   loud .
great   works   great   and   dries   hair   fast .   only   complaint   is   the   cord   is   not   long   enough   for   me   to   plug   in   my   cabinet
great   hair   dryer   this   hairdryer   has   adequate   heat ,   but   excellent   air   flow ,   which   i   prefer .   the   higher   heat   dryers   without   the   airflow   just   seem   to   bake   your   hair   dry .   the   retractable   cord   is   only   4   ft .   long ,   but   again   that   s   adequate   in   most   situations .
compact ,   but   powerful   this   is   a   godd   little   hair   blower   no   ions   which   i   don   t   want   since   i   need   bulk ,   not   flat .   i   gave   one   to   a   friend   who   doesn   t   have   too   much   money   and   she   loves   it   too .   i   m   leaving   them   at   my   nieces   three   homes   so   i   have   a   reliable ,   good   hair   blower   whenever   i   visit   them .
the   best   hairdryer   made   this   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   owned ! !   it   is   worth   every   penny ..   i   went   to   my   local   sally   s   and   bought   two   they   were   35.00   each ..   i   had   to   buy   a   new   one   due   to   my   daughter   dropped   it   and   sally   s   does   not   have   these   so   i   found   it   on   amazon   thank   goodness ..   if   you   drop   this   dryer   it   will   break   easily   and   there   is   no   repairing   it .   your   hair   looks   great   when   you   use   this   one ...   i   will   never   plan   to   buy   another   dryer   except   this   one ..   i   can   t   say   enough   love   this   one   so   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer ..
great   product !   this   is   a   great   dryer !   my   first   one   finally   died   after   5   years   of   constant   use   and   i   ended   up   trying   a   similar   gold   n   hot   and   it   stopped   working   and   overheated   on   the   first   use .   i   quickly   ordered   the   andis   and   have   had   no   issues !   i   have   long   curly   hair   and   it   drys   my   hair   in   under   20   min .   i   will   definitely   purchase   this   product   a   third   time   once   i   ve   worn   the   one   i   just   bought   out .
more   pros   than   cons   it   s   too   bad   we   can   t   try   hair   dryers   out   in   the   store   before   purchasing   because   there   is   so   much   to   consider   when   buying   one   air   flow ,   heat ,   weight ,   noise   level ,   how   the   attachments   fit ,   etc .   and   hair   dryers   that   have   5   star   reviews   still   tend   to   have   1   star   reviews   as   well .   how   confusing !   i   finally   decided   upon   the   argan   heat   because   no   one   on   amazon   rated   it   below   3   stars .   this   was   the   first   time   i   ever   bought   a   hair   dryer   over   30.00 .   using   the   argan   heat   made   me   realize   that   the   reason   my   hair   was   so   dry ,   fragile   and   difficult   to   grow   was   because   my   cheap   hair   dryer   was   damaging   my   hair .   now   my   hair   dries   quickly ,   feels   silky   and   looks   healthy .   my   complaints   about   this   hair   dryer   are   that   the   warm   setting   is   barely   luke   warm ,   the   low   speed   setting   blows   too   hard ,   and   the   concentrator   attachment   is   difficult   to   screw   push   on   it   does   not   slide   on   as   the   box   says   .   i   am   not   bothered   by   the   weight ,   and   the   predominant   sound   the   dryer   makes   is   a   pleasant ,   quiet   whoosh ,   but   there   is   also   an   underlying   straining   motor   sound   that   has   me   concerned .   i   may   end   up   exchanging   this   hair   dryer   before   the   return   date   expires   in   case   there   s   a   problem .
great   little   dryer   i   have   two   portable   hair   dryers   with   foldable   handles ....... one   i   keep   in   the   bathroom   at   home   and   one   in   the   roll   aboard .   i   like   this   little   dryer   for   every   day   use .   it   s   strong   enough   to   do   the   job   on   short   hair   and   doesn   t   take   up   much   space .
awesome   product   we   had   one   of   these   over   18yrs   old   and   it   finally   gave   out !   the   new   one   outdoes   the   previous   model !
love   love   love   i   used   this   blowdryer   in   a   marriott   hotel   and   fell   in   love   with   how   quick   it   dries ! !   so   glad   i   found   it   on   your   site ! !   the   price   is   awesome   too ! !
wonderful !   nice   size ,   good   weight ,   excellent   airflow .   great   styling   my   hair ,   and   it   s   really   thick   and   fairly   long .   retractable   cord   is   a   plus .
love   this   dryer   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   that   tends   to   be   dry   as   i   get   older .   when   i   would   get   a   haircut   i   would   always   leave   the   salon   with   my   hair   wet   because   i   thought   drying   it   would   cause   it   to   be   frizzier ,   my   stylist   proved   me   wrong   at   my   last   visit .   so   now   that   i   knew   i   could   dry   my   hair   and   it   would   look   good   i   searched   the   dryers   for   curly   hair   and   read   all   the   reviews   and   chose   the   conair   you .   i   really   like   the   fact   that   i   can   dry   my   hair   and   have   it   look   great   in   about   15   minutes   and   that   s   using   the   low   setting .   it   also   comes   with   a   defuser ,   which   is   a   key   to   blowdrying   curly   hair .   this   is   a   great   little   dryer   for   naturally   curly   hair !
good   buy   i   have   very   thick ,   long   hair   that   takes   over   an   hour   to   dry ,   i   bought   this   product   so   i   could   save   some   time   by   working   on   my   laptop   while   my   hair   is   drying ..   i   am   pleased   with   it   so   far .   it   s   very   quiet   and   adjustable .   i   haven   t   figured   out   a   way   for   it   to   dry   the   underneath   back   part   of   my   hair   but   it   honestly   takes   less   than   5   minutes   to   blow   dry   after   sitting   under   this   for   a   cycle .   the   only   con ,   is   the   storage   aspect   obviously .   it   s   big   but   the   height   can   be   adjusted   to   make   it   a   little   smaller .   it   s   very   portable   and   durable .
the   best   the   only   hair   dryer   manufactured   with   the   vents   on   the   side .   this   is   essential   for   my   work ,   the   newer   backk   vent   ones   are   worthless   to   me .
pretty   but   not   a   good   fit   for   me   this   product   had   been   used   and   packaged   up .   the   dryer   does   not   get   hot   and   the   low   speed   is   not   very   low .   i   will   be   returning   the   item .   i   liked   the   weight   but   the   controls   rub   my   hand   badly
good   value   at   14   bucks   for   the   white   one   small   and   light   weight .   quiet ,   relative   to   our   old   one   which   was   loud   through   the   bathroom   door .   on   low   fan   speed ,   it   s   very   quiet ,   especially   with   the   bathroom   door   closed .   good   value   at   14   bucks   for   the   white   one .   black   one   is   22   bucks   for   some   reason .   update   after   14   months ,   the   on   off   switch   started   to   malfunction .   it   s   sticky   and   engages   sometimes   but   mostly   doesn   t .   knocking   off   a   star   from   4   star   to   3   star .   this   apparently   is   a   common   complaint .   i   took   it   apart   to   see   if   anything   can   be   done   but   the   flip   switch   itself   needs   to   be   replaced   and   i   haven   t   found   a   suitable   replacement   since   no   part   number   is   indicated .   for   the   price ,   i   ll   probably   just   buy   another   because   it   s   what   works   best   for   us   in   terms   of   power ,   quiet   and   weight .
long   lasting   i   ve   owned   this   blow   dryer   for   at   least   7   or   more   years .   i   can   t   remember   how   long   i   ve   had   this   blow   dryer   exactly ,   but   i   know   i   bought   it   when   my   daughter   was   a   baby   she   s   almost   9 .   the   best   blow   dryer   ever !   the   button   to   retract   cord   fell   off   last   year ... no   big   deal .   i   need   to   finally   replace   it   because   it   is   starting   to   make   noises   when   i   use   it .   price   is   just   an   added   bonus ! !
buyer   beware   warranty   void   if   you   buy   from   amazon   this   is   an   excellent   hair   dryer   and   a   well   made   product .   however ,   be   advised   the   owner   s   manual   manufacturer   s   warranty   included   with   the   product   and   the   manufacturer   s   web   site   both   clearly   state   that   the   normal   1   year   product   warranty   is   void   if   the   product   is   purchased   from   amazon .
great   price   for   professional   grade   hair   care .   this   hair   dryer   is   extremely   affordable ,   especially   when   compared   to   other   brand   hair   dryers   of   equal   ability .   this   dryer   is   easy   to   use   and   is   great   for   any   female   in   your   life .
it   s   just   ok   i   would   really   like   the   hose   to   be   longer .   if   you   are   standing   up   doing   your   makeup   you   have   to   be   really   careful   to   not   pull   the   hose   out   of   the   bonnet .   you   also   need   to   be   careful   to   not   pull   the   whole   thing   onto   the   floor .   the   dryer   on   hot   gets   way   too   hot .   even   on   medium   it   gets   very   hot .   i   ve   wound   up   using   it   on   the   cool   setting .   one   good   thing   the   bonnet   really   is   a   nice   big   one .
not   much   power   the   high   power   is   about   a   mid   between   low   and   what   should   be   high .   takes   much   longer   to   dry   my   hair   with   this .   i   would   not   purchase   this   again   even   though   it   was   priced   low .
light   weight   dries   hair   quickly .   excellent   price .   i   have   15   amp   service ,   and   it   doesn   t   blow   fuses .   it   should   blow   a   fuse   on   high   given   the   watt   rating ,   but   it   doesn   t   .   go   figure .
great   dryer !   this   dries   my   long   thick   hair   in   no   time   flat   without   frizz   or   heat   damage !   wish   i   had   bought   this   instead   of   my   last   one !   nice   dryer ! !
awesome   i   love   this   product   so   far !   the   heat   setting   is   just   perfect   for   me   because   i   have   natural   hair .   i   put   it   to   my   desired   heat   setting   and   it   dries   my   hair   great   without   the   heat   damage   and   the   comb   attachment   doesn   t   pull   on   my   hair ,   it   glides   right   through   while   it   dries .   i   gave   it   5   stars   because   i   haven   t   experienced   any   flaws   yet .   hopefully   it   lasts   longer .
good   it   arrive   on   time   i   like   how   it   looks   and   is   a   good   hair   dryer   for   my   hair   and   the   price   is   great
fantastic   dryer !   i   wanted   a   smaller   dryer   for   traveling   and   that   would   dry   my   curly   hair   fast .   this   is   a   fantastic   dryer .   my   hair   is   curly   and   midlength   and   it   dries   in   7   minutes !   and   it   does   a   fantastic   job   of   smoothing   it   out ,   even   on   my   worse   days !   i   love   it .
good   product   what   can   you   say   it   is   a   good   product   and   does   exactly   what   i   wanted .   there   are   no   bells   and   whistles ,   but   i   m   traveling .   i   wanted   something   collapsable   and   easy   to   carry .   although   it   s   a   tiny   bit   larger   than   i   had   hoped   for ,   it   is   still   better   than   my   at   home   dryer .
onei   mk   ii   air   ionique   hair   dryer   seems   like   a   great   top   of   the   line   hair   dryer ,   well   built .   i   would   recommend   to   anyone ,   beats   the   department   store   models   hands   down .
not   enough   dryer   for   the   price   this   is   a   little   dryer ,   but   for   the   price ,   it   should   offer   more .   for   example ,   the   air   flow   seems   to   come   out   of   the   unit   at   a   strange   angle .   i   ve   used   the   dryer   for   several   weeks   and   i   still   haven   t   figured   out   how   to   make   the   most   of   the   air .   the   temperature   of   the   air   is   fine ,   and   velocity   is   as   expected   for   a   1600   watt   unit ,   the   direction   is   off .   i   was   a   bit   disappointed   by   the   knob   to   switch   the   voltage .   you   need   a   coin   to   turn   the   selection ,   and   the   plastic   is   so   cheap   that   it   was   immediately ,   and   permanently ,   gouged .   if   this   unit   cost   10 ,   like   some   at   target ,   i   would   expect   that ,   but   this   is   priced   in   a   way   that   one   expects   better   quality .   i   don   t   think   i   d   buy   this   unit   again .
quiet   dryer   completely   worth   the   money ! !   for   some   time   now   i   ve   been   searching   for   a   more   quiet   hair   dryer   and   i   have   finally   found   it ! !   i   love   that   this   dryer   is   so   quiet   i   can   blow   dry   my   hair   even   after   everyone   has   gone   to   sleep !   at   75db   it   is   perfect   and   it   is   a   lower   frequency   as   well   which   helps   keep   it   quiet .   br   br   i   also   love   the   ionic   technology .   my   husband   i   were   a   bit   skeptical   about   this   feature ,   but   now   that   i   ve   tried   it   i   m   a   believer !   with   the   ionic   generator   turned   off   my   hair   does   gain   volume   but   it   also   tangles   really   easily .   with   the   ionic   generator   turned   on   the   tangles   disappear   and   my   hair   gets   really   smooth   and   soft !   it   s   also   helping   with   my   split   ends .   br   br   the   3   heat   seatings   are   great   too !   i   believe   the   manufacture   claims   the   lowest   setting   is   a   cool   62   f   and   the   hottest   is   approximately   223   f .   it   gets   really   hot ,   but   it   s   great   that   you   can   use   the   cool   shot   feature   to   34   set   34   you   style   when   done .   br   br   bottomline   quietest   dryer   i   ve   ever   used   and   totally   worth   the   money   too !
too   big   difficult   to   find   a   hair   dryer   with   a   brush   anymore .   very   well   made   but   much   larger   and   clumsy   to   hold   than   the   one   it   replaced .
great   dryer   but   needs   a   nozzle   the   retractable   cord ,   the   compact   size ,   and   the   power   are   awesome !   so   is   the   price !   it   just   needs   a   proper   nozzle !
replacement   for   heavier   ceramic   dryer   i   had   a   more   expensive   ceramic   hair   dryer   but   after   taking   it   apart   to   clean   hair   out   of   it   i   couldn   t   get   it   back   together   quite   right .   so   i   bought   this   one .   i   like   it   because   it   s   much   lighter   in   weight   but   i   m   also   worried   that   that   means   it   s   cheaper   quality !   but   so   far   so   good .   it   blows   plenty   of   hair   and   gets   plenty   hot ,   but   this   is   a   good   thing   as   long   as   you   keep   it   moving .   if   you   want   to   aim   it   at   one   part   of   your   head   without   moving   it ,   just   turn   the   heat   level   down   a   bit .
overall   a   great   blowdryer   i   bought   this   blowdryer   about   three   months   ago   and   still   love   it   every   time   i   dry   my   hair   and   my   daughters   hair .   i   previously   owned   a   very   cheap   blowdryer   that   was   very   old   until   it   broke .   my   daughter   and   i   had   long   hair   until   we   recently   got   it   cut ,   but   it   would   dry   our   hair   unbelievably   fast .   i   removed   one   star   because   yes   it   is   heavy   and   the   buttons   are   placed   in   a   terrible   spot .   however ,   the   quality   of   the   drying   power   is   amazing .   by   the   way   this   is   my   first   review   ever   written   because   i   wanted   recommend   this   product   to   everyone .
so   convenient   for   me   to   do   other   things   while   drying   my   hair   without   having   to   lug   one   of   the   self   standing   ones   around   so   convenient   for   me   to   do   other   things   while   drying   my   hair   without   having   to   lug   one   of   the   self   standing   one   around
great !   i   have   been   looking   for   a   great   blow   dryer   and   actually   the   salon   i   go   to   the   uses   this   dryer .   my   hairdresser   told   me   that   it   s   a   very   good   blow   dryer   and   it   does   not   damage   your   hair   like   the   other   dryers .   this   turbo   3200   dryer   dries   my   hair   very   quickly   and   i   am   happy   with   the   end   result .   br   br   i   recommend   this   dryer   to   anyone   who   is   looking   for   a   really   good   dryer .   it   s   a   little   expensive ,   but   who   cares   if   it   s   going   to   give   great   results   then   it   s   worth   the   money .
so   so   the   hair   dryer   does   its   job ,   but   takes   way   to   long .   the   heat   coming   out   of   the   dryer   could   be   hotter   to   help   get   the   job   done   quicker .   i   bought   and   use   this   hair   dryer   to   blow   dry   my   beard   every   morning ,   about   half   of   the   time   i   just   go   out   into   my   garage   and   use   an   air   nozzle   hooked   up   to   my   compressor   and   get   the   job   done   a   lot   quicker .
great   power !   for   those   who   have   said   that   it   s   a   bit   heavy   for   them ,   they   are   correct .   i   do   wish   it   was   lighter .   however   it   is   not   that   heavy ,   and   it   dries   my   hair   so   quickly .   some   people   have   said   that   the   cool   shot   button   is   in   a   difficult   place .   i   have   not   found   that .   i   think   it   is   very   easy   to   use .   in   all ,   i   m   very   happy   with   this   dryer .
curling   hair   dryer   i   like   the   curling   hair   dryer   and   am   getting   used   to   using   it .   my   hair   requires   constant   care   because   i   have   no   natural   curl   and   have   very   fine   hair .   i   think   a   person   with   some   natural   wave   or   curl   and   thicker   hair   than   mine   would   find   this   a   marvelous   curling   hair   dryer .   i   do   keep   using   it   every   other   day   and   use   a   regular   curling   iron   in   between   to   redo   my   hair .   this   curling   hair   dryer   by   far   beats   every   other   curling   hair   dryer   i   have   used .
great   travel   dryer   took   this   dryer   on   my   cruise   and   it   works   very   well   on   my   long   br   blond   hair .   br   it   is   compact   and   fits   right   in   my   suitcase   or   overnight   bag   withouth   taking   br   too   much   space .
best   dryer   ever !   my   hair   stylist   had   recommended   it ,   after   i   told   her   it   seemed   to   take   forever   to   dry   my   hair   at   home ,   yet   minutes   in   her   salon .   it   s   a   great   product ,   and   not   as   high   pitched   as   other   dryers   i   ve   had .
cheap   this   dryer   just   stopped   working   one   day .   i   guess   i   will   never   know   why ,   not   worth   it   at   all   urgh
fantastic   and   fast   the   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   this   hair   dryer   5   stars   is   because   i   love   a   retractable   cord .   its   a   pain   to   have   the   cord   always   in   the   way   otherwise   i   love   it   especially   for   this   price .   my   hair   dryes   very   fast   and   looks   very   healthy .
great   dryer   dries   our   thick   african   american   hair   quickly   i   have   3   teen   age   girls   .   like   being   able   to   adjust   the   temperature .   like   the   mobility .
great   buy   this   dryer   is   excellent .   it   gets   hotter   then   the   ones   in   the   salon .   best   104   ever   spent .   i   recommended   it   to   all   my   friends   and   fam .
wall   mounted   hair   dryer   is   awesome   i   love   having   my   hair   dryer   ready   for   action   whenever   i   need   it .   br   conair   is   an   excellent   product .   i   love   it .
lightweight   i   love   how   lightweight   this   thing   is ,   while   still   being   powerful .   i   gave   it   to   my   mom   for   christmas ,   and   when   i   m   home ,   i   usually   go   into   her   bathroom   to   use   it   because   it   s   better   than   mine .
great   buy !   i   needed   new   hair   dryers   for   upstairs   and   downstairs   bathrooms   and   didn   t   want   to   pay   too   much .   i   don   t   do   a   lot   of   styling ,   mostly   just   wash   and   dry ,   so   i   didn   t   need   a   lot   of   attachments .   this   one   suited   me   perfectly .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   leaves   it   smooth .   br   my   old   dryer   was   a   conair   and   worked   well   for   years .   i   hope   this   one   lasts   as   long .   br   to   anyone   looking   for   a   nice   simple   hair   dryer ,   reasonably   priced ,   i   would   recommend   this   one .
fine   ordered   for   y   wife .   she   says   it   has   lots   of   power   and   dries   well .   the   adapter   thing   is   to   small .   motor   is   good   and   all   that .   she   wont   order   again   due   to   the   small   adapter .
compact   and   powerful   it   would   be   the   perfect   hair   dryer   if   it   weren   t   so   loud .   i   d   buy   it   again   because   of   its   size   and   quality
works   great !   this   product   works   good   for   drying   my   hair   quickly .   it   is   very   hot   and   drys   my   hair   very   fast   but   it   is   noisy   and   loud .
very   satisfied   this   hair   dryer   functions   really   well .   it   is   strong   and   hot   enough ,   and   it   can   also   be   cool .   it   is   pretty   light   and   doesn   t   vibrate   in   hand .   i   recommend   it !
keep   looking ,   not   worth   your   money !   silent   don   t   believe   it .   so   high   pitched   it   hurts   my   ears .   and   when   it   comes   to   blowing ,   and   drying ,   mediocre   at   best .   i   threw   it   away .
nice   hairdryer !   dries   my   hair   very   quickly ,   and   dries   it   straight .   i   have   wavy   hair   and   this   hairdryer   gets   the   wave   out   if   i   want   to .
perfect   this   is   a   must !   i   have   thin   naturally   curly   hair   and   i   didn   t   want   to   damage   my   hair   with   a   blow   dryer   that   was   gonna   be   too   rough   on   me ,   i   gave   this   one   a   try   and   omg   the   diffuser   and   heat   settings   are   perfect .   i   still   have   to   use   it   for   straightening ,   i   m   sure   its   gonna   be   perfect   though
great   little   dryer   i   used   this   dryer   in   italy .   they   have   a   higher   current ,   so   i   m   glad   i   read   the   directions .   i   set   the   dial   to   the   correct   current ,   and   only   used   low   setting .   it   was   quite   powerful ,   and   dried   my   hair   in   an   equal   amount   of   time   as   my   full   sized   dryer   at   home .   br   also ,   it   comes   with   a   little   diffuser   that   works   well .   how   cute !
very   good   hair   dryer   i   would   recommend   this   dryer .   works   great ,   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   it   dries   it   quickly .   fast   delivery   and   item   was   as   described .
it   s   okay   just   a   small   average   hair   dryer .   so   far   it   s   worked   every   time !   wow !   br   actually   it   works   nicely   to   dry   my   razor   and   occasionally   my   hair   yes ,   i   m   a   guy   .
a   good   value   with   good   features   i   have   purchased   both ,   this   conair   model   223np   and   the   andis   model   81290   hair   dryer .   the   andis   is   more   feature   packed   see   my   separate   review   .   the   conair   is   a   bit   quieter   than   most   hair   dryers   i   ve   owned   including   the   andis   model .   i   used   a   db   digital   sound   meter   to   measure   the   difference ,   the   conair   was   only   76db   vs .   83db   from   the   andis   model   with   the   sound   meter   set   at   8   inches   from   the   side   of   the   dryers .   the   conair   is   packed   with   1875   watts   which   is   more   than   enough   to   dry   long   thick   hair .   there   are   2   heat   settings   low   high   and   a   cool   setting .   the   cool   setting   is   the   same   temperature   as   when   using   the   cool   shot   button   no   heat   at   all   .   the   air   intake   on   the   back   is   a   1   3   4   inch   round   opening   covered   by   a   removable   lint   screen .   the   opening   is   a   bit   small   when   compared   to   the   andis   model   which   is   larger   at   2   3   8   inches   and   has   side   air   intakes   as   well .   this   begs   the   question   of   reliability   of   the   conair   because   overheating   of   the   motor   is   a   prone   problem   of   all   hair   dryers   and   with   a   small   air   intake   opening   on   the   conair   model ,   this   could   cause   more   heat   build   up   of   the   motor .   only   time   will   tell .   the   unit   has   2   blower   speeds ,   although   i   wish   it   had   3   for   more   versatility .   the   velocity   of   airflow   without   the   concentrators   attached   is   nearly   the   same   for   both   models .   air   temperature   at   maximum   is   162   degrees   on   the   conair   and   198   degrees   on   the   andis   using   a   digital   temperature   probe   set   at   3   inches   from   the   nozzel   without   the   concentrator   attached ,   all   be   it   both   models   will   dry   your   hair   quickly   and   satisfactory .   the   retractable   cord   is   nice   and   measures   5   feet   3   inches   with   5   1   2   inches   that   does   not   retract   into   the   handle .   the   retracter   is   a   bit   stronger   than   the   andis   model   but   it   will   still   require   you   to   help   feed   the   cord   all   the   way   to   its   end .   the   dryer   does   come   with   a   3   year   warranty   but   the   andis   model   comes   with   a   generous   5   year   warranty .   both   the   conair   and   the   andis   models   weigh   nearly   the   same   and   the   ergonomics   are   virtually   the   same .   my   favorate   choice   between   the   two   models   is   the   andis   because   of   the   longer   warranty   and   the   design   feature   advantages   it   has   over   the   conair   see   my   separae   review   but   given   all   the   features   of   the   conair   model   and   its   stylish   color   and   includes   a   defuser   attachment ,   i   give   it   a   solid   3.5   stars . favorate   choice   between   the   two   models   is   the   andis   because   of   the   longer   warranty   and   the   design   feature   advantages   it   has   over   the   conair   see   my   separae   review   but   given   all   the   features   of   the   conair   model   and   its   stylish   color   and   includes   a   defuser   attachment ,   i   give   it   a   solid   3.5   stars .
just   ok ...   very   light   weight   and   quiet ,   but   controls   are   on   the   handle   and   are   sharp ...   have   to   hold   it   at   the   very   bottom   of   the   handle   so   not   to   switch   the   settings ,   and   smells   like   burning   plastic ...
disappointment   i   had   purchased   this   dryer   before   and   absolutely   loved   it   until   it   died .   i   have   been   very   disappointed   with   the   one   i   received   and   would   have   sent   it   back   if   i   had   not   thrown   out   all   the   packaging .   the   attachment   it   comes   with   which   directs   the   air   and   was   one   of   the   main   reasons   i   liked   it   will   not   stay   on .  
bonus   points   got   this   for   my   gf   for   christmas   and   she   couldn   t   be   happier .   she   likes   how   quiet   it   is   and   the   extra   piece   on   the   end   of   it .   not   sure   what   that   s   called   or   what   it   s   used   for   but   all   that   matters   is   that   she   s   happy .
fast   drying .   i   have   fine   hair   but   a   lot   of   it   that   is   very   prone   to   frizzing .   this   dryer   really   helps   keep   it   straight   without   frying   it .   i   was   using   a   chi   rocket ,   and   this   is   much   easier   for   me   to   use .
better   than   the   rusk   speed   freak ! ! !   this   is   a   great   dryer   for   this   price   range ! !   i   owned   one   that   died   didn   t   know   about   the   3   yr   warranty ,   so   i   tossed   it .   bummer !   and   bought   a   rusk   speed   freak   retail   120   after   several   of   my   friends   raved   about   it .   however ,   after   only   a   week   of   using   that   one   i   ve   returned   it   and   ordered   another   one   of   these .   this   is   better   than   teh   speed   freak   and   only   costs   a   fraction   of   the   price !
did   not   even   last   5   months   worked   fine   when   i   first   receive   it .   last   night ,   after   normal   home   usage ,   it   burned   out   and   is   only   fit   for   the   garbage .
i   threw   away   all   my   other   dryers   my   hair   is   very   dense   and   attracts   static   very   quickly .   my   usual   blowdryer   and   all   the   others   i   ve   owned   in   the   past   left   my   hair   dry   but   pieces   of   my   hair   sticking   straight   up   and   i   d   always   have   to   use   a   smoother   to   tame   them .   thankfully   i   showered   at   a   friend   s   house   one   day   and   borrowed   this   dryer .   i   came   out   of   the   bathroom   and   my   friend   was   like   omg   your   hair   looks   amazing .   no   flyaways .   no   static .   my   hair   looked   better   after   just   drying   it   than   it   usually   did   after   i   spent   30   minutes   styling   it .   br   br   i   immediately   ordered   this   on   amazon   prime   ten   minutes   later   and   tossed   my   old   dryer   as   soon   as   it   came   in .   i   have   since   bought   two   more   for   my   best   friends ,   and   they   swear   by   it   as   well .
got   this   one   becos   of   ritz   carlton   i   have   many   fancy   and   expensive   hair   dryer   but   i   fell   in   love   with   this   one   when   i   was   staying   in   the   ritz   carlton   hotel .   i   notice   that   it   is   foldable ,   drys   fast ,   and   not   too   hot   just   everything   i   needed   for   a   hair   dryer .   so   i   ordered   this   one   from   amazon   and   i   have   been   using   this   for   years ,   still   works   great !
love   i   love   this   blow   dryer ...   it   doesn   t   get   to   hot   and   it   s   easy   to   hold   and   use ...   i   would   buy   from   this   seller   again
great   hairdryer   i   have   re   ordered   this   product   because   it   is   light   weight ,   powerful ,   reasonably   priced   and   my   wife   wanted   one .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
great   hair   dryer   makes   my   hair   nice   and   soft ,   glad   i   ordered   it   and   would   recommend   it   to   anyone   who   has   curly   unruly   hair .   thanks   kathy
great   combination   hair   dryer   hair   curler   for   use   in   japan   bought   this   combination   hair   dryer   hit   air   curler   for   use   when   i   am   in   japan .   it   worked   perfectly   for   my   fine   hair .   maybe   i   did   pay   a   premium   for   buying   it   in   the   us ,   but   i   did   not   have   take   time   out   of   my   business   or   pleasure   schedule   to   find   one   when   i   got   to   japan .   i   highly   recommend   this   for   any   woman   who   plans   to   travel   in   japan   and   wants   a   combinatuion   hair   dryer   and   hair   curler
good   product   well   worth   the   money   good   product .   looks   lilke   its   well   made   and   easy   to   hankle .   only   knock   is   its   a   little   heavy .   otherwise   well   worth   the   money .
well   priced   hair   dryer   hair   dryer   works   well .   it   was   inexpensive   but   still   offered   three   speeds   and   three   heat   settimgs .   would   recommend   purchase   of   this   product .
awesome   dryer   this   dryer   is   awesome .   very   sturdy   and   well   made .   gives   my   thin   hairs   lots   of   volume .   it   would   be   perfect   if   the   handle   folder   after   it   retracted   the   cord .   it   s   a   minor   complaint   for   such   a   good   dryer   though .
won   t   last   hazardous   we   have   owned   two   of   these   hair   dryers   and   each   of   them   functioned   for   just   over   a   year   coincidentally ,   a   few   months   past   the   return   window   .   we   loved   the   fact   that   these   fit   nicely   on   the   wall ,   are   easy   to   access   and   keep   the   bathroom   organized .   however ,   both   hair   dryers   shorted   out   and   you   could   see   sparks   inside   the   barrell   when   turned   on .   the   second   one   had   smoke   rising   from   it   and   continued   to   emit   noises   after   we   unplugged   it .   these   hairdryers   were   only   lightly   used   by   adults   and   were   not   dropped   or   mishandled .   the   first   time   it   happened ,   we   figured   it   was   just   bad   luck ,   but   not   the   2nd   time .   there   are   several   other   reviews   for   hairdryers   from   this   company   that   report   similar   malfunctions .   we   won   t   be   buying   a   3rd   time   and   will   try   another   wall   mount   brand   that   hopefully   isn   t   as   hazardous .
wooooooh   the   heat   is   super   strong ,   so   i   would   advise   people   to   be   careful .   some   hair   types   can   handle   heat   better   than   others ,   but   heat   in   general   isn   t   the   best   for   your   hair .   i   personally   like   it .   i   have   transitioning   hair   relaxed   to   natural   african   american   hair ,   it   s   extremely   wavy ,   coily   and   stubborn   ,   so   the   heat   really   helps   me   a   lot .
great   product   at   steal   price !   i   have   been   using   this   dryer   for   the   last   year   and   love   it !   i   have   thick ,   long   hair ,   and   the   high   heat   settings   make   drying   straightening   my   hair   super   quick .   it   also   doesn   t   singe   burn   hair   like   other   dryers   i   ve   used   in   the   past .   and   as   an   added   bonus ,   it   is   lightweight   so   no   tiring   morning   hair   routine .   the   attachments   have   also   held   up   well   over   the   last   year ,   though   i   wish   the   small   attachment   was   a   little   more   narrow   than   it   is .   i   m   buying   one   for   my   mother   today .
lated   10   years   i   am   replacing   a   unit   i   bought   over   10   years   ago .   the   high   setting   burned   out ,   and   the   low   setting   is   not   hot   enough   nor   fast   enough   for   me .   i   think   this   is   a   gret   little   dryer   and   i   like   the   neat   wall   mount .
my   favorite   dryer !   i   love   this   dryer .   this   is   my   third   one .   i   have   purchased   more   expensive   ones   and   this   one   is   still   better .   the   air   flow   is   more   directed   so   i   get   smooth   hair   without   fly   aways   like   so   many   new   dryers .   it   has   a   good   temp   as   well .
the   best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   owned !   i   use   the   comb   attachment   and   my   hair   is   dry   and   full   of   volume   in   record   time !   much   better   product   than   i   expected !
very   pleased !   we   were   very   pleased   with   this   purchase .   the   dryer   works   good   and   it   is   very   convient   to   have   it   so   close   at   hand .
five   stars   love   it
great   hair   dryer ! ! !   i   have   very   thick   and   frizzy   hair ..... i   love   the   multiple   speeds   and   the   heat   settings   that   it   has .   i   wish   it   was   a   little   lighter .   i   can   deal   with   that   though ....   i   love   it   .... after   i   blow   dry   my   hair   i   barely   need   to   straighten   it .   reduces   the   frizz   greatly ! ! !   comes   with   the   two   adapters   pieces   which   work   great .
love   it !   i   purchased   this   item   because   of   the   retractable   cord .   it   is   a   powerful   hair   dryer   but   not   too   heavy .   i   also   purchased   the   scalpmaster   hair   dryer   holder   so   i   could   keep   it   on   my   counter   top .   i   would   recommend   this   dryer .
good   dryer   for   a   good   price   i   have   very   thick   hair ,   and   this   really   did   cut   down   on   my   drying   time .   i   use   the   cold   button   when   i   m   done   and   it   seems   to   make   my   hair   a   little   more   manageable .
dries   my   hair   fast !   i   have   super   thick   hair   and   drying   my   hair   is   a   chore   to   say   the   least .   when   my   old   revlon   dryer   finally   hit   the   crapper ,   i   bought   this   at   my   local   cvs .   this   dryer   works   like   a   charm   and   dries   my   hair   lightning   quick .   the   attachments   works   well   and   i   love   how   you   don   t   have   to   hold   down   a   button   to   get   cool   air .   i   just   wish   it   had   a   longer   cord .   br   br   note   if   you   re   thinking   of   getting   this ,   buy   it   on   here !   cvs   and   the   other   drugstores   overcharge   i   paid   almost   40   for   this   at   cvs .   that   s   the   only   thing   i   regret   about   the   purchase ,   hehe !
used   at   hotel ,   had   to   have   it ,   just   great !   after   using   this   hair   dryer   at   a   marriott   on   our   way   home ,   she   just   had   to   have   one .   compact ,   variable   heat   and   blower   settings ,   just   what   she   wanted .   fair   price   including   the   extra   for   shipping .   she   s   quite   pleased   and   that   s   what   it   s   all   about .   even   the   retractable   cord   is   neat .
easy   to   pack   this   is   my   second   version   of   this   hair   dryer .   the   first   one   i   used   for   several   years   and   it   finally   gave   up   the   ghost .   i   like   the   fact   that   it   folds   to   a   small   size   and   it   gets   hot   enough   to   actually   style   my   hair .   i   hope   this   one   lasts   as   long   as   the   first   one .   i   have   had   a   couple   of   travel   hair   dryers ,   but   this   one   is   better   by   far .   one   good   feature   is   this   one   does   not   have   such   a   loud ,   high   pitched   scream   as   most   small   hair   dryers .   the   cold   air   button   is   also   a   big   plus ,   since   i   use   that   when   styling   my   hair   with   a   round   brush .   overall ,   this   is   a   great   product .
great   hair   dryer   does   a   great   job   and   can   t   beat   the   price .   i   can   t   believe   the   difference   it   makes   between   my   old   hair   dryer   and   this   one .
looks   great   but   is   very   noisy .   switch   very   difficult   to   push .   this   hair   dryer   is   impossible   to   turn   on .   the   switch   is   flat   and   very   hard   to   move .   additionally   this   small   thing   is   very   noisy .   it   is   really   a   shame   because   the   hairdryer   looks   very   cute .   i   bought   a   conair   instead ,   also   1600w   but   it   is   really   quiet   and   with   an   easy   to   push   switch .   it   does   not   look   as   elegant   as   andis ,   but   it   works   so   much   better   and   i   think   it   is   also   a   little   lighter .
yay   i   found   a   nice   quiet   dryer   this   dryer   is   nice   and   quiet   and   is   very   similar   to   my   old   vidal   sasson   quiet   style   vs750   dryer .   i   like   the   controls   as   they   are   easer   to   use   with   the   push   style   versus   the   slide   style   of   button .   very   happy   to   have   this   after   trying   two   other   dryers .   the   other   two   were   either   too   loud   or   to   strong .   i   have   very   fine   hair   and   i   don   t   need   a   hair   dryer   that   can   basically   blow   my   head   off   of   my   shoulders .   i   don   t   see   anywhere   on   the   box   that   it   is   by   vs   but   if   it   is ,   i   am   very   glad   as   i   had   the   vs750   for   14   years   and   hope   i   have   this   one   for   a   long   time .
good   hairdryer   for   the   price   good   hairdryer   does   its   job   and   is   good   for   the   price .   not   the   strongest   or   hottest   dryer   out   their ,   but   dries   hair   quickly   and   easily   and   has   settings   to   control   temp .
very   short   cord !   the   hair   dryer   itself   is   a   great   dryer   for   the   price .   i   had   owned   one   for   6   years   before   it   broke .   so   i   bought   another   one .   but   this   one   is   a   revised   model   of   the   original   one   i   bought   when   these   first   came   out .   and   they   have   considerably   shortened   the   length   of   the   cord .   very   bad   for   salon   use   or   if   your   outlet   is   more   then   two   feet   away .   other   then   that   i   have   no   complaints   about   this   product .
perfect   we   cruise   a   lot ,   and   this   blow   dryer   is   perfect .   it   s   powerful ,   yet   portable .   br   i   love   the   folding   handle .   what   a   space   saver .   thank   you
works   very   well .   it   does   the   job   for   me .   a   bit   heavy   but   otherwise   is   just   what   i   wanted .   i   would   buy   again .
needs   a   longer   hose .   the   hose   needs   to   be   a   little   bit   longer .   heat   is   good   and   dries   good   but   just   too   short   on   hose .
just   perfect   it   s   very   cute   and   light   on   the   pockets ,   i   m   loving   it   soo   far .   it   s   a   thumbs   up   for   me !   br   don   t   overthink   it ,   just   get   it !
wife   loves   it   says   it   s   perfect   for   traveling ,   and   she   loves   the   cold   temp   button   for   when   she   doesn   t   want   the   high   heat .
its   okay   i   bought   this   to   replace   one   that   burnt   out   on   me .   this   one   is   much   bulkier   and   longer   than   previous   one   so   i   m   constantly   hitting   myself   in   the   head .   it   will   take   some   time   to   get   use   to .
like   hotel   type   i   have   purchased   these   over   the   years   and   like   the   fact   that   this   one   had   a   nite   lite .   i   am   still   using   this   particular   one   and   still   have   one   i   bought   previously   without   a   nite   lite .
lightweight   and   quiet   dries   hair   relatively   fast .   the   only   disappointment   would   be   the   quality   of   the   switches .   they   seem   flimsy   and   may   not   hold   up   well .
great   for   traveling   and   putting   in   a   suitcase   smaller   than   it   looks   but   a   powerful   hair   dryer   for   the   size .   it   was   about   as   powerful   as   a   1500   watt   dryer   i   use   daily !   great   for   traveling   and   putting   in   a   suitcase   because   it   is   about   1   3   the   size !   it   has   a   little   carrying   case   too   that   is   nice   for   the   price !   if   you   need   a   smaller   dryer   that   packs   a   punch   for   travel !
great   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   as   a   gift   for   my   daughter .   i   also   own   one   and   so   does   my   other   daughter .   we   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   has   3   speed   settings   low ,   med ,   high   ,   2   temperature   settings   low ,   high   ,   and   a   cool   button .   it   is   nicely   powered   with   each   setting   and   very   nicely   made .   i   ve   had   mine   for   a   few   years   now   and   the   reel   cord   still   works   as   well   as   it   did   the   day   i   purchased   it .   if   you   are   considering   buying   this   product   i   would   highly   recommend   it ! !
love   this   hair   dryer   works   great .   not   too   heavy .   love   the   retractable   cord .   feel   good   knowing   it   is   ionizing   and   ceramic   for   the   safety   of   my   hair .
so   so   won   t   return   this ,   but   it   seems   a   little   wobbly   and   doesn   t   work   particularly   well   with   my   beth   room   outlets .   the   folding   mechanism   doesn   t   seem   to   lock   the   the   unfolded   position .   good   power   and   blowing   temps .
good   while   it   lasted .   i   purchased   this   product   about   a   month   ago .   it   had   good   air   flow ,   although   i   had   hoped   for   more   since   my   travel   hair   dryer   surpasses   it   in   air   volume .   however ,   i   thought   it   was   sufficient .   then   it   just   stopped   working   after   about   3   weeks .   it   was   still   within   the   time   frame   of   being   returnable ,   so   i   did   return   it   and   amazon   has   refunded   me .   i   will   not   repurchase .
the   worst   choice   i   regret   this   purchased   ,   30   days   and   my   dryer   stop   working ....   bad   quality   product   ,   not   worthy   ...   get   somthing   else   .   i   dont   know   how   people   rated   so   high
works   well   but   sucks   your   hair   in   the   back !   this   hair   dryer   actually   works   really   well .   great   size ,   great   price ,   great   product ,   except   it   sucks   your   hair   in   the   back   and   it   hurts .   my   last   dryer   never   did   this ,   but   this   one   does   it   all   the   time ,   several   times   while   i   m   drying   it .   it   s   so   annoying   and   hurts .   i   actually   have   to   hold   my   hair   back   with   my   hand   so   it   won   t   get   sucked   into   the   vortex   of   pain .   i   would   never   buy   this   dryer   again .
remington   hair   dryer   good   quality ,   drys   quickly   without   frying   your   hair .   not   as   noisy   as   some   dryers .   light   weight ,   sturdy .   it   seems   like   it   will   last .   i   would   recommend   it .
good   for   price   product   was   purchased   to   blow   dry   my   dog   s   hair   because   his   doggy   towels   don   t   fully   dry   him   thus   i   would   recommend   this   product .
finish   on   handle   and   base   cracks   but   not   soon   enough   to   return   i   happened   to   notice   that   the   base   and   the   handle   has   dozens   upon   dozens   of   cracks   in   the   finish .   it   looks   awful .   this   product   is   less   than   a   year   old .   i   have   had   other   hairdryers   for   years   and   years   with   no   problems .   since   i   didn   t   notice   the   cracks   within   the   one   month   return   policy ,   i   cannot   even   return   the   product .   since   i   don   t   dry   my   hair   with   my   glasses   on ,   i   guess   i   lose   out   by   not   noticing   this   flaw   within   the   return   policy   period .   if   you   don   t   care   how   awful   the   dryer   looks   after   it   has   been   used ,   this   is   the   product   for   you .   it   s   a   great   product   but   it   now   looks   terrible .   the   folks   at   conair   really   should   step   up   to   the   problem   and   make   things   right   with   the   consumers .
works   just   fine   the   hair   dryer   delivered   all   that   it   promises .   the   one   problem   i   had   was   that   it   shut   down   for   5   10mins   when   it   overheated ... i   have   long ,   thick   hair   so   i   was   patient   but   it   was   a   bit   frustrating .   it   shut   off   3   times   during   the   hair   drying   process .   br   anyone   with   short   med   length   fine   hair   should   have   no   issues .   remember   to   change   the   voltage   on   dryer   to   whatever   the   requirements   are   in   the   country   you   re   visiting .
great   little   compact   this   tiny   hair   dryer   has   a   lot   of   power   behind   it   fits   well   into   the   vanity   drawer   and   easily   packed   for   travel .
did   not   last   9   months   of   limited   use .   my   old   1500   watt   dryer   gave   up   after   10   years   of   extreme   use   i   was   working   at   that   time   so   it   got   daily   use   and   it   was   a   super   hairdryer .   i   looked   for   another   one   just   like   it   but   to   no   avail .   i   found   this   1600   watt   one   and   since   the   low   wattage   in   this   style   with   the   long   barrel   are   difficult   to   find ,   i   purchased   2 .   i   no   longer   work   outside   the   home   and   only   use   this   every   2   days ,   and   my   hair   is   shorter   so   i   expected   it   to   last   longer   than   9   months .   today   when   i   turned   on   the   unit   and   dried   my   hair   all   was   okay   but   when   i   went   to   turn   off   the   unit ,   the   on   off   switch   locked   up   and   then   smoke   came   billowing   out   of   that   area .   i   quickly   unplugged   it   and   tossed   it   out   the   door   should   flames   start   coming   out   of   the   unit .   now   i   am   apprehensive   on   using   the   second   one   i   purchased .   for   25.00   each ,   i   would   have   expected   it   to   last   longer .   br   br   as   for   drying   my   hair ,   it   was   a   good   hair   dryer .
the   best   for   the   price !   i   had   this   dryer   for   years   and   they   don   t   sell   it   in   the   stores   around   me   any   more   so   i   was   so   happy   when   i   found   it   on   amazon !   love   this   dryer   it   does   such   a   nice   job   with   my   curls !   i   ordered   an   extra   one   for   the   future ,   my   daughters   dryer   died   so   she   took   my   extra   to   use   until   she   could   replace   hers .   well   she   loves   it   so   much   she   just   ordered   two   more   one   for   me   and   a   backup   for   herself !
not   hot   enough   i   wish   i   hadn   t   thrown   away   the   packaging   for   this ,   because   i   would   be   returning   it .   i   ve   never   had   a   hair   dryer   that   didn   t   get   hot .   this   is   a   first .
very   well   build ,   solid   and   high   quality   it   s   a   pleasure   hold   this   dryer   in   your   hands ,   powerful   yet   elegant .   i   have   had   many   of   different   dryers ,   this   one   is   worth   more   than   the   price .
good   buy ! !   its   works   good .. this   is   my   1st   dryer   so   donno   what   to   expect   n   all ... works   for   for   me .. so   far   so   good ... using   it   from   almost   1   year   for   now ... no   complaints   ...
stops   working !   at   first   it   was   great ,   but   after   about   6   months   the   dryer   randomly   stopped   working   and   now ,   not   even   a   year   old   has   stopped   working   completely  
heavy   duty !   love   the   dryer ... salon   quality ... powerful ,   but   easy   to   handle .   i   m   glad   there   is   also   a   cool   setting   to   finish   off   the   styling .
as   described   is   the   perfect   size   for   my   teenage   niece .   she   loved   the   color ,   settings   and   temperatures .   would   be   a   good   hairdryer   for   any   non   professional .
great   little   hair   dryer !   was   on   a   business   trip   and   this   was   the   hair   dryer   in   my   room   at   the   jw   marriott   in   indianapolis .   loved   it   so   i   got   on   amazon   and   ordered   one .   it   was   waiting   on   my   porch   after   i   got   home !   small ,   yet   powerful   and   i   like   that   i   can   control   both   the   heat   level   and   the   air   flow   level .   a   great   dryer   for   travelling .
quiet   hangup   hair   dryer   this   is   amazing .   it   really   is   quiet .   it   looks   great   on   the   wall   too !   very   efficient ,   i   have   been   using   an   older   model   and   this   br   very   powerful   but   so   quiet .   it   has   the   hi   and   low   and   it   s   so   comfortable   to   hold   for   this   grandma ! !   i   love   the   added   feature ,   the   little   side   hook   that   holds   the   cord   up   once   the   dryer   is   snapped   back   in   the   holder . you   have   thought   of   everything !
not   the   same   as   the   travel   model   we   purchased   the   black   travel   model   while   we   were   traveling   because   our   old   conair   went   on   the   blink .   had   to   get   it   from   target .   it   works   great   pleased   with   the   feel ,   dual   voltage   for   travel ,   etc .   like   the   button   that   allows   you   to   control   the   cooling   on   the   high   fan   setting .   powerful   blower   in   that   little   motor .   however ,   after   we   ordered   what   we   thought   was   the   same   through   amazon ,   it   turned   out   that   the   color   is   not   the   only   thing   different   on   this   unit   from   the   black   one   by   conair .   this   unit   is   louder   and   feels   cheeper .   i   recommend   the   black   unit   that   looks   identical   to   this   one   except   that   the   cooling   button   is   on   the   back   side   of   the   unit .   the   only   number   i   could   find   on   the   black   unit   was   d167s   that   may   be   an   older   version   of   the   conair   34   folding   handle   34   dryer   on   the   conair   website   model   124tl .   it   s   available   at   amazon   for   only   13.65   at   the   time   of   this   review .
powerful   i   have   this   same   hair   dryer   in   the   purple   pink   shade ,   and   got   this   for   my   mom   as   a   gift .   br   br   i   ve   had   my   hair   dryer   for   about   three   months   now   and   i   use   it   daily ,   and   it   s   still   going   strong .   it   is   a   powerful   hair   dryer ,   and   yes ,   it   is   loud   but   it   has   a   low   setting   if   that   bothers   you .   br   br   i   don   t   see   what   the   hype   is   about   this   dryer   being   really   heavy   as   i   ve   read   all   over   the   reviews   it   s   not   light   but   certainly   not   weighing   my   arm   down   either .   it   cuts   my   drying   time   literally   in   half ,   so   who   cares   the   cool   shot   button   works   really   well   which   was   also   a   huge   plus   for   me .   this   dryer   has   a   cartridge   that   is   very   easy   to   remove   hair   from   so   that   it   won   t   fail   as   easily .   overall ,   it   s   a   solid   product   and   i   ve   been   very   happy   with   mine .   br   br   side   note   conair   will   replace   within   four   years   if   this   breaks   if   you   call   them ,   which   sealed   the   deal   for   me   for   a   30   dryer .   i   called   and   asked   conair   about   this   directly   before   i   purchased   mine   through   amazon .   it   doesn   t   matter   it   s   through   a   third   party .
outstanding   blower   i   bought   for   my   wife   and   she   is   really   happy   with   this   blower ,   i   strongly   recommends   this   blower .   go   and   buy   one
way   better   than   any   other   dryer   i   didn   t   realize   how   great   this   hair   dryer   was   until   i   went   on   vacation   without   it .   my   hair   was   so   dry   and   icky ,   i   couldn   t   wait   to   get   home   to   use   it .   i   will   never   leave   home   without   it .   worth   the   money ,   great   product ,   works   like   it   says !
babyliss   pro   v2   love   1   i   can   now   say   i   own   the   worlds   smallest   ferrari !   br   2   this   hair   dryer   lives   up   to   the   hype ! !   br   not   going   to   lie ,   i   was   skeptical   at   first .   i   hadn   t   purchased   a   hair   dryer   in   over   a   decade   and   the   price   was   a   little   hard   to   swallow .   after   some   reseach   and   all   of   the   fantastic   reviews   i   decided   to   go   for   it .   i   am   so   glad   that   i   did !   this   hair   dryer   doesn   t   get   scorching   hot   but   gets   hot   enough   and   has   power   like   no   other !   my   hair   feels   softer   after   using   it   and   i   don   t   even   need   to   use   the   straightener   afterwards .   i   personally   don   t   have   a   problem   with   the   weight   of   the   hair   dryer   and   it   s   no   louder   than   any   other   hair   dryer   i   ve   used .   if   anything   i   think   it   s   slightly   quieter   than   most .   what   used   to   take   about   12   minutes   to   blow   dry   my   hair   now   takes   5   minutes ,   literally   5   minutes   or   less   from   wet   to   dry   the   first   time   i   used   it   i   timed   it   at   4   minutes   20   seconds !   .   it   is   absolutely   incredible   and   saves   me   so   much   time !   beyond   happy   i   bought   this   and   i   would   easily   recommend   to   anyone .
patrick   this   product   was   a   great   investment ,   three   clients   love   it   s   power   and   heat .   i   love   it .   please   buy   this   product .
reeled   cord   is   an   improvement   that   is   long   overdue ! !   thank   you   thank   you   thank   you   for   making   a   hair   dryer   with   a   retractable   cord .   i   cannot   express   how   wonderful   this   feature   in   particular   is !   the   jury   is   still   out   on   the   dryer   itself   as   i   ve   not   had   it   long   enough   to   know   its   durability   reliability ,   but   so   far   so   good .
tiny   but   powerful   really   small ,   but   does   a   good   job   of   drying .   i   just   wish   there   was   a   diffuser   my   other   conair   one   kinda   fits   so   i   use   it ,   but   it   falls   on   the   floor   sometimes .
it   s   small   packs   enough   power   nice   compact .   i   would   recomend   this   hair   dryer   to   any   one   especiallly   if   they   travel   ! !
great   price   amazing   price   for   a   great   performing   product .   quiet .   br   br   ships   on   time   from   a   great   vendor .   now   is   the   time   to   upgrade   your   outdated   hair   dryer .
does   stick   to   glass   but   very   limited   movement   this   holder   does   hold   a   blowdryer   but   only   in   the   downward   position   shown   in   the   photo .   the   description   says   it   can   be   adjusted   up   down   but   that   s   not   accurate .   it   can   only   be   used   down   as   shown   in   the   photo   i   don   t   know   of   anyone   who   just   holds   a   blowdryer   straight   down   to   dry   their   hair .   my   blow   dryer   only   fits   in   the   holder   pointed   down .   if   i   rotate   it   up ,   the   blow   dryer   is   stopped   by   the   wall   holding   the   holder .   there   s   absolutely   no   chance   of   using   any   other   angle .   i   tried   sticking   it   to   the   tile   like   in   the   photo   on   my   vanity   top   for   a   lateral   angle ,   but   not   even   1   little   suction   cup   would   do   anything   but   slide   all   over .   i   guess   holes   have   to   be   drilled   through   the   tile   to   use   it   like   in   the   photo .   that   wouldn   t   solve   the   rotation   limitation   problem .   disapppointed !   br   did   arrive   packed   well   on   time .
great   hair   dryer   my   old ,   reliable   hair   blower   was   dying ,   and   i   looked   around   for   something   similar .   i   found   the   andis ,   and   it   s   great !   light   weight   very   important   and   terrific   drying   capability .   mater   of   fact ,   i   bought   it   before   my   other   one   died ,   so   it   was   in   the   ready .   great   choice   for   a   hair   blower .
flimsy   but   ok   the   dryer   is   working   fine   so   far .   there   s   no   question   that   it   is   top   heavy   and   the   bottom   part   is   more   flimsy   than   i   would   like .   i   move   it   around   with   care   and   support   it   with   both   hands .   for   the   price   i   expected   to   be   so .   in   the   future ,   if   i   adapt   to   it ,   i   might   fiddle   with   the   design   and   make   it   more   stable .   do   not   expect   wonders .
great   hair   dryer   i   like   the   color ,   the   attachments ,   and   the   retractable   cord .   i   didn   t   feel   like   the   hair   dryer   was   too   heavy   or   too   loud .   if   you   blow   dry   your   hair   on   high   then   yes   it   is   loud   but   if   you   use   the   lower   setting   it   is   actually   pretty   quiet .   i   d   buy   this   again ,   i   think   it   was   a   great   value   for   the   price .
blown   away   i   love   everything   about   this   blow   dryer   it   drys   without   getting   too   hot   on   warm ,   ligth   weight ,   the   attachments   and   size .   i   just   dont   like   the   buttons   they   seem   like   it   going   to   fall   off   when   i   turn   thw   blow   dryer   on   and   off .   but   it   works   like   a   dream   so   i   just   be   careful
very   convenient   hair   dryer   i   already   own   this   hair   dryer   for   a   year   and   it   is   still   working   fine .   it   is   small ,   light   weight ,   does   not   tire   your   hand   and   blows   just   the   right   amount   of   air .   i   highly   recommend   it .   i   first   used   it   at   a   hotel   and   then   bought   one   for   my   personal   use .   i   am   glad   i   did .
awesome   i   used   it   in   france   for   over   a   year   and   it   works   amazing .   unlike   the   other   dryers   that   my   friends   used   in   france   with   converters   this   little   think   held   up   amazing   and   kept   its   power .
no   more   tangled   cords !   this   hairdryer   has   great   power   and   different   heat   settings .   the   price   and   quality   are   great ,   it   is   very   heavy   duty .   the   automatically   recoiling   cord   is   a   bonus !
way   too   big   and   too   heavy   i   agree   with   another   reviewer   who   noted   how   big   and   heavy   this   dryer   was .   i   didn   t   even   take   it   out   of   the   package   ended   up   returning   it   on   my   own   dime .
still   a   good   dryer   bought   this   to   replace   an   old   one   that   finally   expired   after   about   4   years .   there   are   were   a   few   minor   issues .   first   the   power   cord   is   much   shorter   than   the   previous   one   which   necessitated   remounting   to   a   different   wall   location .   had   to   paint   the   wall   to   cover   the   repaired   area .   second ,   there   needs   to   be   a   way   to   dim   or   turn   off   the   night   lite .   it   is   so   bright   you   can   make   moves   with   it .   a   4   1   2   star   unit ,   5   with   light   control   and   going   back   to   a   longer   cord .
terrible   i   did   not   enjoy   this   product .   it   was   almost   too   powerful ... yes   there   is   such   a   thing .   the   previous   bed   head   bh407   model   was   great ,   why   mess   with   a   good   thing .   returned .
great   hair   dryer   i   am   really   picky   about   hair   dryers   since   i   have   long   very   think   hair .   i   used   the   new   dryer   this   morning   and   my   hair   dried   quick   and   frizz   free .   it   usually   takes   me   45   minutes   to   blow   dry   my   hair   and   it   only   took   25   minutes .   so   happy ! !   i   just   got   it ,   but   so   far   so   good !
an   average   hair   dryer   i   had   read   all   the   reviews   for   this   hairdryer   and   was   super   excited   to   try   it   out .   sadly ,   i   don   t   see   what   all   the   hype   is   about .   while   it   gets   the   job   done   i . e .   dries   my   hair   ,   i   did   not   notice   any   substantial   reduction   in   drying   time .   nor   did   my   hair   become   shinier   from   the   tourmaline .   i   ll   continue   to   use   this   until   it   dies ,   but   will   not   repurchase   as   a   40   conair   dryer   works   just   as   well .
why   would   you   pay   more   i   keep   my   hair   high   and   tight   so   i   m   not   drying   long   hair   but   it   is   thick   hair .   like   a   rug   you   know   it   takes   2   3   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   with   this   dryer .   it   has   sufficient   heat   on   low   for   my   hair   so   if   you   put   it   on   high   it   s   probably   overkill .   the   balance   and   weight   is   good   as   well .   i   ve   always   bought   conair   brand   and   my   last   one   would   probably   still   be   alive   if   it   hadn   t   got   broken   by   our   movers .   for   11   and   amazon   s   return   policy   i   figured   i   couldn   t   go   wrong   and   so   far   i   m   happy   with   the   product .   i   d   buy   it   again .
wall   mounted   hair   dryer   great   product ,   easy   to   install   and   easy   to   clean   the   filter .   works   very   well !   br   br   thanks   much !   br   dean   huey   br   columbus ,   nebraska
worked   for   a   while   i   ordered   this   hairdryer   for   the   simple   task   of   quickly   drying   my   short   hair .   i   did   not   use   it   for   styling   or   anything   complicated ,   just   simply   for   drying .   at   first   it   worked   fine .   five   months   later ,   the   hot   setting   clicks   off   one   minute   into   running   the   hairdryer ,   and   when   that   happens ,   there   is   a   flash   of   light   inside   the   dryer .   the   cold   setting   is   not   warm   enough   to   dry   my   hair ,   so   essentially ,   it   is   now   useless .   i   should   probably   need   to   stop   using   it   anyways ,   because   the   flash   indicates   the   there   is   something   wrong   with   the   wiring   and   it   is   not   safe   to   use   anymore .   i   went   back   to   return   it ,   but   it   is   too   late .   mind   you ,   the   one   they   sent   me   could   have   been   just   a   fluke ,   but   for   me ,   it   ended   up   being   a   waste   of   money .
frizz   free   fast   this   is   an   excellent   blow   dryer ,   as   it   dries   extremely   quickly   and   creates   a   smooth ,   frizz   free   shine .   my   hair   is   a   medium   bob   style   and   the   rotating   straightening   piece   is   perfect   for   creating   a   stylish   look .   great   purchase ,   i   expect   this   item   to   last   quite   a   while ,   as   cheaper   quality   driers   die   on   me   after   2   years .
smooths   hair   this   is   the   second   one   of   these   i   have   purchased   because   i   dropped   my   other   one   and   broke   it .   this   hair   dryer   seriously   does   make   my   hair   smoother ,   and   when   you   use   the   concentrating   attachment ,   it   really   works !
quiet   and   powerful   the   motor   is   quieter   than   dryers   i   ve   owned   in   the   past .   easy   to   operate .   love   the   cord   reel !   does   a   fast   job   of   drying   my   hair .
great   may   be   old   style   but   works   like   it   should !   finally   one   that   won   t   die   every   16   months !   i   love   it
awesome   product   one   of   the   best   purchase .   i   also   love   the   color .   quick   and   easy   to   use .   the   price   is   also   just   right !
gets   the   job   done   d   it   s   really   not   that   heavy   o   o   like   holding   a   well   sized   book   in   my   hand   lolol .   br   it   s   also   not   very   loud ,   just   what   i   expect   hearing   at   the   hair   salon   to   be   honest .   br   some   people   say   it   s   ugly ,   but   who   cares   it   s   not   like   i   m   going   to   parade   around   town   blow   drying   people   with   unsavory   hairstyles .
excellent   i   thought   i   may   of   overpaid   for   just   a   hair   dryer   but   this   product   works   very   well .   it   is   effecient   drys   hair   quickly   and   makes   my   hair   shine !   friends   family   that   use   it   also   notice   a   positive   difference .
the   cool   setting   is   just   what   the   dr .   ordered ...   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   for   the   diffuser   option .   i   have   thick ,   coily ,   natural ,   african   american   hair   and   i   avoid   putting   a   lot   of   heat   on   my   hair   repeatedly .   avoiding   heat ,   however ,   can   prove   to   be   difficult   when   living   in   the   mid   atlantic   area   during   the   winter .   unless ,   of   course ,   you   welcome   a   case   of   pneumonia .   br   br   the   cool   setting   paired   with   the   diffuser   on   this   hair   dryer   solved   my   issue .   i   am   not   forced   to   subject   my   tresses   to   high   heat ,   yet ,   i   can   dry   my   hair   within   about   a   half   an   hour   vs .   the   air   drying   time   of   approximately   24   hours .   yes ,   it   takes   that   long   for   my   natural   hair   to   air   dry   with   product .   br   br   the   dryer   has   held   up   well   and   the   retractable   cord   is   a   nice   feature .   br   br   i   can   t   believe   i   was   able   to   purchase   such   a   nice   dryer   for   such   an   economical   price !   highly   recommend !
great   hair   dryer   conair   1875   watt   pro   style   hair   dryer   is   nicely   balanced   for   wrist   and   arm   movement   to   personally   dry   quickly   long   hair .   i   wash   and   dry   every   other   day   and   so   far   it   seems   gentle   along   with   good   hair   health   product   .   it   reminds   me   of   eighties   hand   held   hair   dryers   only   feels   and   sounds   better   than   mine   ever   did   before .   also   the   color   blends   nicely   with   medium   wood   rustic   style .
buy   it   i   bought   this   hairdryer   after   reading   the   reviews .   i   was   going   to   buy   a   more   expensive   one   but   after   reading   the   reviews   decided   to   give   this   a   try .   it   was   worth   it !   it   works   better   than   a   more   expensive   one   i   had   prior   to   this   one .   it   dries   my   hair   very   quickly   and   gives   it   a   nice   full   body   look .   i   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer   for   the   price   you   can   t   beat   it .
awkward   and   the   brush   head   is   useless   i   thought   this   would   be   an   easier   dryer   for   a   young   girl .   it   s   not .   it   feels   less   powerful   than   my   6   year   old   conair   and   the   brush   head   that   i   thought   would   make   it   terrific   is   so   flimsy   bristled   it   s   useless .   my   hair   is   fine   and   thin   and   the   bristles   just   bend   over   if   you   try   to   use   it .
it   does   dry   your   hair   well   but   has   annoying   features   overall   this   hairdryer   does   the   job   well   its   1875   and   powerful   will   dry   hair   quickly .   i   have   two   issues   with   this   dryer   1 .   the   air   concentration   nossel   is   wide   and   does   not   attach   well   to   the   hairdryer   therefore   any   slight   bump   with   either   your   hand   or   your   brush   will   make   it   fly   off   and   it   does   so   at   least   3   times   when   i   m   drying   my   hair   its   really   irritating   and   2 .   the   cool   shot   button   is   right   at   the   top   of   the   handle   where   i   usually   hold   the   hair   dryer   this   makes   it   akward   to   hold   because   i   dont   want   the   cool   shot   button   on   to   i   have   to   hold   the   dryer   at   the   bottom   of   the   handle .
love   it   bought   for   trip   but   tried   out   before   hand   to   make   sure   that   it   would   work   on   my   trip .   this   dryer   woks   better   than   my   regular   dryer   and   is   not   too   loud .   it   collapses   small   enough   and   is   not   too   heavy .   also ,   my   daughter   loves   the   color .
best   dryer   ever   i   have   2   other   blow   dryers ,   and   i   will   be   selling   them .   this   dryer   is   without   a   doubt   the   best   i   have   ever   had .   it   is   really   awesome   this   is   why   i   gave   it   a   5 .   i   would   indeed   tell   others   that   this   is   the   dryer   to   own .
worth   every   single   penny !   i   have   very   thick ,   wavy   hair ,   and   i   burn   through   literally   big   box   hair   driers   every   6   months .   i   bought   this   drier   2   1   2   years   ago ,   and   it   s   still   going   strong .   i   love   it .   it   s   hot   enough   that   i   can   straighten   my   hair   with   a   large   paddle   brush   and   without   using   my   straightening   iron .   this   is   by   far   the   best   hair   drier   i   ve   ever   had !
love   this   dryer   this   dryer   is   really   fast   and   does   a   nice   job   of   making   my   hair   already   pretty   smooth   before   having   to   flatiron   it !
easy   and   effective   i   used   one   of   these   at   a   marriott   once ,   and   thought   it   was   a   great   little   dryer .   it   folds   up   nicely   and   works   great   for   my   daily   use   at   home .   temperature   and   blowing   options   are   perfect   for   me .   i   literally   have   no   complaints ,   especially   for   a   20   product .
decent   dryer   good   price   on   this   dryer   with   the   excellent   option   of   a   built   in   cord   reel .   we   will   see   how   long   that   holds   up .   couple   of   issues   i   disliked   about   this   product   was   the   weight   seems   a   bit   heavy ,   wish   it   was   a   bit   quieter ,   and   also   doesn   t   seem   like   the   air   blows   very   hot .   seems   to   take   longer   to   dry   my   hair   compared   to   my   older   model .
great   results   just   like   the   other   reviews , andis   works   beautifully .   i   can   get   straighter   hair   now   with   only   my   blowdryer   and   the   cool   shot   is   a   bonus . thank   you
it   does   work   the   dryer   does   actually   work ,   it   has   a   inside   setting   to   automatically   shut   itself   off   to   prevent   overheating ,   worked   great   from   me   without   shutting   off
who   knew !   who   knew   all   hair   dryers   were   not   created   equal !   great   price   for   a   hair   dryer   that   doesn   t   fry   your   hair .   br   br   i   have   super   thick   hair   and   this   dryer   cuts   my   dry   time   in   half   compared   to   my   last   old   cheap   dryer .   br   br   price   is   good ,   great   product !
good   product .   this   was   an   exact   replacement   for   an   older   model   that   failed .   just   what   the   wife   wanted .   hope   it   outlasts   us   both .
when   you   want   a   hairdryer   whose   cord   disappears ,   this   one   is   just   fine .   my   sister   was   visiting   and   said   34   that   s   the   shortest   hair   dryer   cord   i   ve   ever   seen .   34   until   i   showed   her   how   it   retracks   and   pulls   out   at   will .   decent   hairdryer   decent   price .
wonderful   hair   dryer ! !   i   like   this   because   of   the   three   speed   settings   and   three   heat   settings .   i   just   like   having   the   options .   i   also   like   that   the   cord   is   fairly   long .   some   are   just   too   short   and   you   have   to   stay   so   close   to   the   outlet .   i   will   say ,   though ,   if   you   like   your   dryer   to   get   super   hot   this   may   not   be   the   one   for   you .   it   does   get   really   warm   but   not   34   burn   your   skin   34   hot   like   some   of   them !   i   m   happy   with   it .
works   well   i   have   been   using   it   now   for   almost   2   years   with   no   problems   yet .   still   blows   like   the   day   it   came   out   of   the   box
dissappointed   ordered   it   for   my   wife ,   but   the   bonnet   was   too   small   so   she   had   to   return   it .   the   alternate   brand   worked   fine .
top   of   the   line   product   this   is   my   second   twin   turbo   and   i   truly   love   it .   it   is   pricey   compared   to   retail   dryers   but   its   performance   is   outstanding .   it   gives   my   hair   volume   and   never   over   dries .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
i   liked   it   much ....   until   it   stopped   working   the   nightlight   still   worked   but   the   hair   dryer   would   not   turn   on   again   after   a   year   of   use .   couldn   t   get   through   to   anyone   on   the   phone .   finally   had   to   return   it   and   try   another   brand ...
dryer   this   works   great ,   was   brand   new   in   the   box ,   i   used   all   the   time .   i   was   very   happy   with   this   product
as   advertised   powerful   and   has   a   really   hot   setting ,   a   warm   setting   and   button   for   34   cool   34   which   has   no   heat   at   all .   it   s   very   good   and   i   m   very   pleased .   my   last   conair   of   a   similar   model   is   still   going   strong   after   many   years   and   we   ve   used   to   to   defrost   the   freezer   when   it   was   broken   for   a   few   months   had   to   defrost   it   every   week   ,   and   i   used   it   as   my   own   hairdryer   and   as   a   dog   grooming   dryer   which   is   now   it   s   exclusive   use   i   have   a   dog   grooming   business   .   so   these   are   workhorse   machines !
too   much   preparing   before   sending !   you   kept   telling   me   you   were   preparing   it   for   shipment ,   and   that   i   would   get   it   on   the   estimated   date .   i   did   receive   it   on   that   date ,   but   it   would   have   been   nice   is   you   had   promptly   sent   it   out   i   could   have   had   it   sooner .   my   old   dryer   quit   working   so   had   to   wait   for   you   to   prepare   shipment   whatever   that   is ! ! !
conair   soft   bonnet   hair   dryer   first   unit   shipped   had   its   case   broken .   second   unit   super   and   works   well .   we   had   looked   for   this   device   for   a   long   time .   we   ran   our   of   finding   old   units   at   rummage   sales   etc .
i   love   it .   i   have   used   this ,   along   with   another   dryer   a   few   times ,   and   it   seems   ok .   i   usually   use   this   and   another   dryer ,   both   together   i   got   two   different   shapes   so   they   can   both   fit   in   my   hand ,   together .   my   dog   wasn   t   terrified   by   it   when   i   used   it   to   help   dry   her .   so ,   if   it   s   ok   with   her ,   it   s   fine   with   me .
i   m   very   disappointed ..   the   hair   dryer   that   i   received   does   not   match   the   description .   first   of   all ,   it   does   not   look   new ,   does   not   have   a   folding   hand ,   and   it   s   blue .
it   should   travel   well   i   like   it   more   than   the   one   i   have .   i   wish   it   had   6   settings   through   low   med   high   and   cool   warm   hot   that   would   make   it   better .   then   i   would   love   it .   to   be   fair ,   i   knew   it   didn   t   have   all   of   those   settings   when   i   bought   it .   i   have   not   gone   to   europe   with   it   yet ,   i   ll   see   if   the   electricity   conversion   truly   works   then .
i   love   it .   i   have   used   this ,   along   with   another   dryer   a   few   times ,   and   it   seems   ok .   i   really   can   t   say   that   the   ionic   action   it   s   supposed   to   do   does   much   for   my   hair ,   since   i   usually   use   both   together   i   got   two   different   shapes   so   they   can   both   fit   in   my   hand ,   together .   my   dog   wasn   t   terrified   by   it   when   i   used   it   to   help   dry   her .   so ,   if   it   s   ok   with   her ,   it   s   fine   with   me .
i   bought   this   a   while   back   and   i   am   completely   satisfied   when   i   was   staying   at   a   four   star   hotel   a   marriott   i   believe   this   hair   dryer   was   in   the   bathroom .   i   liked   it .   i   made   a   note   of   the   model   number ,   and   i   ordered   it   from   amazon .   it   is   a   great   dryer .   i   use   it   every   day   and ,   when   traveling ,   i   have   yet   to   find   a   dryer   in   a   hotel   that   does   the   job   as   well   as   this   one .
great   product   doesn   t   fry   my   hair   like   my   last   blow   dryer ,   easy   to   store   with   retractable   cord .   it   has   a   number   of   settings   as   well .   great   buy !   got   great   rating   from   good   morning   america .   the   reason   i   bought   it   .
love   it !   i   have   4a   b   natural   hair   and   i   don   t   like   to   use   direct   heat   blow   dryer   flat   iron   on   it   very   often .   i   ordered   the   dryer   because   i   often   don   t   have   the   time   to   wait   around   for   my   hair   to   air   dry   after   washing   conditioning   and   styling .   this   dryer   is   great .   it   was   easy   to   assemble   and   seems   to   be   durable .   the   tempature   and   timer   settings   work   well .   it   get   s   the   job   done !
hair   dryer   very   nice   little   blow   dryer .   i   have   short   hair   and   it   dries   my   hair   in   minutes .   both   speeds   work   great   and   it   is   light   weight .   only   draw   back   the   cord   is   a   little   too   short .   other   than   that   it   is   perfect
best   they   make   as   a   hairstylist   i   have   used   many   drying   tools   and   nothing   compares   to   this   dryer .   i   will   never   use   another   the   famous   chi   including .   chi   doesn   t   come   close   to   this   one ! ! ! !   and   the   cost   you   just   can   t   beat   it .   i   had   , my   first   twinturbo   for   about   10   years   roughly ,   it   hasn   t   completely   quit   on   me   yet   but   showing   signs   of   getting   tired   so   i   m   buying   another   because   i   will   not   work   without   this   dryer .   it   will   not   disappoint .... hint   nothing   manages   frizz   except   products .   so   don   t   think   a   dryer   is   going   to   eliminate   frizz   because   that   s   nonsense .
great   purchase !   great   product !   br   i   just   love   my   purchase ,   i   always   end   up   as   a   happy   customer ,   of   course   i   mostly   but   from   sellers   fulfilled   by   amazon .
switch   problem   a   month   after   receiving   this   dryer   there   was   a   problem   with   the   switch   when   operated   in   the   high   position .   to   make   it   operate   you   physically   have   to   hold   the   switch   in   the   high   position .   wife   said ,   she   would   use   it   and   deal   with   the   problem   instead   of   being   without   a   hair   dryer .   other   wise   it   performs   as   a   hair   dryer .
great   product ! !   first   discovered   this   at   a   hotel   we   were   staying   at   and   was   impressed   by   the   output   so   much   that   we   ordered   one   before   we   checked   out .
pretty   good   i   needed   a   replacement   dryer .   this   does   the   job .   it   s   super   light ,   and   cute   looking .   at   first   i   didn   t   think   i   would   like   it   because   it   seemed   really   lacking   in   power .   however ,   it   dries   hair   extremely   quickly ,   so   the   lack   of   power   isn   t   an   issue .
love   the   color   this   was   a   purchase   to   replace   my   old   dryer   which   was   the   exact   same   brand   type   of   nearly   10   years .   one   morning   it   just   stopped   heating   up ,   so   i   hurried   to   the   store   for   another ,   but   couldn   t   find   anywhere !   thank   goodness   for   amazon   my   old   one   was   boring   gray ,   so   i   really   enjoy   the   new   bright   colorful   look .   and   i   did   try   other   brands ,   which   i   returned ,   as   no   other   dryer   ever   got   hot   enough   to   straighten   my   frizzy   hair ,   so   i   m   really   glad   i   was   able   to   find   an   exact   match   here .
love   love   loveeee ! ! ! ! ! ! !   i   hate   weak   hair   dryers .   but   this   one   is   amaaazing ! ! !   it   s   got   a   lot   of   power ! !   i   don   t   really   use   a   lot   of   the   cool   setting   on   it   .. but   it   feels   like   an   air   conditioner   because   of   how   cold   it   gets .   if   you   want   a   great   hair   dryer   for   cheap   this   is   absolutely   worth   it .   the   only   thing   i   could   say   that   would   be   a   con   is   the   cord .   i   wish   it   was   retractable .
very   noisy   and   the   cord   keeper   function   is   problematci   very   noisy   with   limited   heating   functions .   i   have   only   owned   this   dryer   for   a   week   and   the   cord   keeper   function   is   already   hit   or   miss .
love   this !   i   used   this   while   vacationing   with   a   friend   and   it   was   the   first   thing   i   came   home   and   bought !   great   power ,   easy   to   hold   and   store .
crap !   the   first   days   love   it ....   i   didn   t   use   it   every   day ,   just   1   day   every   other   week ...   after   2   months ,   it   started   to   smell   burned   and   didn   t   turn   on ....   it   is   trash ! ! !
powerful   dryer   and   easy   to   use   it   is   powerful   and   easy   to   use .   dry   the   hair   in   2   3   minutes   my   hair   is   about   2   inches   long   .   great   product .
great   little   machine .   i   absolutely   love   this   little   dryer ,   it   is   so   manageable   to   use .   i   did   buy   it   because   of   an   injury   to   my   arm ,   only   allowing   me   a   limited   range   of   motion .   i   was   concerned   as   to   how   i   could   possibly   use   a   hair   dryer .   this   one   certainly   fit   the   bill .   it   is   lightweight ,   and   dries   my   hair   in   such   a   short   time .   it   also   comes   with   attachments   and   a   nice   little   case .   for   me ,   it   works   better   than   any   heavy ,   bulky   one   i   have   used   before .
a   very   nice   product !   i   thought   that   hair   dryers   are   just   that   hair   dryers .   this   is   not   your   standard   hair   dryer   it   can   basically   style   your   hair   without   applying   any   gel   or   styling   products   on   your   hair .   it   is   that   amazing .   and   it   keeps   the   style   of   your   hair   for   the   rest   of   the   day .
my   trusted   ally   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   2   years .   the   latch   that   keeps   the   hood   upright   has   finally   warped   and   doesn   t   stand   open .   otherwise ,   it   heats   nicely   and   evenly   and   the   ion   feature   leaves   my   hair   shiny .   it   was   so   good   that   i   refuse   to   buy   another .   i   just   rigged   it   with   some   flexi   rods   to   get   the   hood   to   stay   open   and   upright .   yep ,   it   s   just   that   good .
my   second   one .   i   had   this   exact   same   hair   dryer   purchased   at   a   retail   store   for   years .   when   looking   for   a   new   one ,   i   bought   this   one   again   on   amazon .
works   well ,   good   value ,   but   not   as   quiet   as   others   have   stated   i   use   it   to   blow   dry   my   little   dog .   it   is   not   as   quiet   as   i   would   like ,   but   on   low   setting   it   is   pretty   quiet , , . but   the   heat   is   not   very   much ... so   i   have   to   use   the   high   setting   which   is   as   loud   as   other   hair   dryers ... so   dont   expect   a   quieter   blow   dryer   as   others   have   commented .
a   great   travel   dryer   this   is   the   best   travel   dryer   i   have   used ,   and   i   have   bought   many .   only   negative   it   isn   t   dual   voltage   so   it   won   t   work   in   countries   with   240   volt   wiring .
noisy   the   pros   br   it   will   work   for   travel .   small   enough   to   fit   in   your   hand   br   it   has   a   switch   you   can   turn   with   your   fingernail   or   a   screwdriver   125   to   250v   br   cost   br   br   the   cons   br   it   s   made   of   cheap   plastic .   the   folding   handle   feels   like   it   s   going   to   break   when   i   fold   it .   br   it   s   really   noisy .   the   pitch   will   hurt   your   ears !   br   it   didn   t   even   remotely   blow   hot   air .   essentially ,   you   re   blow   drying   on   a   lukewarm   cool   setting   br   br   follow   up   i   ended   up   buying   a   br   conair   you   reel   2   in   1   folding   handle   hair   dryer   which   i   love .   it   worked   perfectly   in   the   uk   with   a   10   amp   converter   and   my   hair   looked   so   much   better   than   when   it   did   using   this   blow   dryer .
it   s   fast .   it   dries   all   this   hair   really   fast .   very   light .   bigger   than   i   thought   due   to   it   s   weight   but   it   works .   love   it .
love   this   i   only   used   it   once   but   so   far   so   good .   very   comfortable   and   easy   to   maneuver   to   multitask .   great   product .
excellent   easy   to   use   ,   not   more   of   difficult   to   handle   ,   also   reset   option   is   very   useful   if   its   stuck
dryer   love   my   new   dryer .   much   better   that   the   ones   i   ve   had   before .   i   like   that   you   can   adjust   the   temperature .
powerful   small   hair   dryer   exactly   what   i   wanted .   i   don   t   put   a   lot   of   fuss   into   my   hair ,   but   recently   we   moved   to   a   much   different   climate   hot   and   humid   .   since   i   didn   t   want   to   wait   all   day   for   my   hair   to   mostly   dry ,   i   wanted   to   pick   up   a   cheap   hair   dryer .   for   the   price ,   this   one   is   fantastic .   the   hot   setting   is   a   bit   hot   but   aren   t   they   all   but   the   cool   setting   is   really   strong ,   so   i   use   that   most   often .   for   all   the   power   it   puts   out ,   the   dryer   is   small   too ,   which   is   great .   br   if   i   had   to   make   a   complaint ,   it   would   be   that   the   cord   could   be   longer ,   and   it   isn   t   coiled   so   it   doesn   t   stretch   at   all .
even   worked   in   congo !   i   used   this   in   kinshasa ,   democratic   republic   of   congo ,   where   electricity   is   very   poorly   done   and   is   very   weak .   i   never   blew   a   fuse   and   was   absolutely   amazed !
perfect   arrived   quickly .   works   great   and   has   all   the   features   i   need .   amazing   how   cheap   you   can   get   a   good   hair   dryer   these   days .   great   seller   and   product .
good   product   its   a   little   heavy   but   works   great ,   the   heat   settings   work   well   and   i   believe   this   will   last   a   long   time   as   compared   to   the   discount   ones   that   don   t   last   long .
love   the   retractable   cord   i   bought   this   to   replace   a   previous   conair   hair   dryer ,   despite   reviews   that   said   it   would   be   too   heavy .   once   the   cord   is   unwound ,   it   s   really   not   heavy   and   you   wouldn   t   use   it   with   the   cord   retracted   .   not   having   to   manually   wind   up   the   cord   for   storage   is   such   a   time   and   headache   saver .   it   makes   it   so   easy   to   put   it   away   everyday   in   a   drawer   instead   of   leaving   it   out   on   the   counter ,   still   plugged   in .
i   would   recommend   to   every   body   it   is   a   really   good   and   strong   blow   dryer   which   last   a   long   time . it   is   a   really   good   brand   very   good   for   long   hair
stops   working   after   exactly   one   year   its   an   ok   dryer ..... however   it   lasted   exactly   1   year ! !   my   hair   dryer   which   i   use   sporadically   since   i   go   to   the   hair   dresser   very   often   stopped   working   last   week .   br   br   terrible .
great   product   !   the   dryer   as   advertised   on   this   picture   is   the   one   i   have .   the   wats   is   1300   which   not   1875   like   other   dryers .   it   s   better   for   ur   electric   bill .   it   s   veryyyyy   hot   on   the   hot   setting .   so   i   think   medium   setting   is   best   where   it   s   still   hot   but   bearable .   the   cool   setting   feels   mediocre   cool .   and   the   burst   is   actually   cold .   let   me   tell   u .   ive   had   this   dryer   at   least   2   yrs .   i   used   it   an   entire   winter   season   to   warm   up   a   15x16   room .   it   ran   6   hrs   straight   every   day .   n   the   motor   died   at   the   end   of   the   season .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   this   b   done .   it   s   was   just   my   experience   with   this   dryer .   just   letting   u   know   its   a   strong   dryer   long   lasting   if   used   the   correct   way .   it   s   not   light   weight .   but   very   well   built .   it   s   had   many   hard   falls   to   the   floor   over   the   yrs .   also   it   has   a   safety   feature   on   the   plug   housing   to   not   turn   on   if   theres   an   electrical   feed   interference   in   a   socket .   to   reset   it   just   press   the   bottom   on   the   plug .   im   shopping   for   the   same   one .
nice , soft   wind   very   nice   color   and   design . especially   with   very   very   low   noises , so   that   you   can   use   it   in   the   early   morning . will   recommend   friends   to   have   it .
great   buy   for   the   price   i   purchased   the   leopard   print   babyliss   nano   titanium   portofino   6600   hair   dryer .   it   definitely   cuts   the   drying   time   for   my   hair .   i   am   glad   that   the   cool   setting   is   indeed   that ,   cool   air ,   not   just   unheated   air .   my   hair   has   appeared   shinier   with   less   frizz .   i   am   very   happy   with   this   purchase .
awesome   great   dryer .   i   use   attachment   so   my   hair   doesn   t   blow   all   over   place .   dries   hair   quick !   looks   good .   hope   it   lasts   forever .
good   price   it   is   a   little   noisy ,   but   works   well   with   strong   wind .   the   price   is   attractive   and   it   has   good   quality
great   dryer   at   a   great   price .   this   is   my   third   favorite .   first   is   the   sedu   and   second   is   the   parlux .   this   is   great   for   the   price   however .
i   like   it   but   its   heavy   it   blow   drys   my   hair   pretty   well .   however ,   it   is   heavy .   i   usually   section   my   hair   off   to   get   it   as   straight   as   i   can   before   flat   ironing   it .   with   this   blow   dryer   i   tend   to   just   blow   dry   a   entire   section   because   it   s   so   heavy .   i   wanted   my   own   hair   dryer   instead   of   having   to   use   my   mothers .   sometimes   i   want   to   go   back   to   using   her   hair   dryer   because   it   isn   t   as   heavy .
love   it   i   had   a   dryer   like   this   and   after   4   years   it   died .   hard   to   find   one   like   it ,   but   amazon   had   it .   perfect   for   drying   thick   wavy   hair .   this   works   so   much   better   for   me   than   the   2000   watt   ion   dryers .   they   frizz   my   hair .   hard   to   find   a   34   regular   34   dryer .   thank   younamazon  
not   what   i   expected   this   was   not   the   hair   dryer   that   i   expected   to   receive ,   and   perhaps   i   ordered   the   wrong   one .   this   one   is   silver ,   heavy ,   has   only   two   drying   speeds ,   and   does   not   have   enough   power   to   dry   my   long ,   thick   hair   in   a   minimal   amount   of   time .   i   thought   i   was   ordering   the   white   one ,   which   i   was   trying   to   replace ... it   is   a   lighter   weight ,   and   has   more   power .   i   could   only   recommend   this   to   someone   with   very   short   hair .
works   great !   this   hairdryer   work   exactly   like   it   was   described .   all   features   work   as   expected .   comfortable   to   hold ,   not   to   loud   and   cord   retracts   just   fine .   would   definitely   recommend .
powerful !   powerful   blow   dryer .   i   love   it .   i   use   it   for   my   hair   and   i   use   it   after   giving   my   poodle   and   maltese   a   bath .   i   highly   recommend   this   blow   dryer .   will   purchase   again   from   this   seller .
so   far   so   good   so   far   so   good .   i   ve   only   had   this   product   for   about   a   month   now   and   so   far   it   does   what   it   is   suppose   to   do .
does   exactly   what   i   wanted   it   to   do ! !   this   hair   dryer   very   handily   keeps   the   dryer   out   of   the   way   and   the   is   very   conveniently   located   on   the   wall   near   my   vanity .
small   size ,   big   power   this   little   baby   is   awesome !   i   got   it   primarily   to   take   with   me   when   i   travel ,   but   now   i   use   it   at   home   instead   of   my   regular   hair   dryer .   it   gets   really   hot   but   not   so   hot   that   it   has   singed   my   hair   or   anything   ,   and   it   has   a   lot   of   power   for   such   a   small   blow   dryer .   very   lightweight   too .   love   it !
solid   as   ever   our   first   conair   lasted   7   years   of   daily   rigorous   use .   this   replacement   is   a   clone   in   every   respect   and   fits   the   bill ,   compact ,   lightweight   and   powerful .   the   price   is   right   as   well .
ehhhh   worked   ok   for   a   year   and   then   the   high   setting   crapped   out   also   a   bit   in   the   heavy   side   i   guess   a   percentage   will   be   lemons   like   mine
awesome !   i   tried   this   blow   dryer   at   a   hotel   and   loved   it .   i   ordered   it   when   i   got   home   and   was   not   disappointed .   this   blow   dryer   is   powerful   and   does   the   job   efficiently !
excellent   hair   dryer   i   was   looking   for   a   quiet   hair   dryer   that   worked   well   this   one   is   perfect .   a   little   difficult   to   work   the   buttons   one   handed   at   first ,   but   i   m   sure   that   i   just   have   to   get   used   to   it   i   recommend   it   without   reservation .
ok   i   guess   not   very   hot   and   not   very   strong .   i   guess   i   shouldn   t   have   expected   much   for   ten   bucks   but   at   least   a   little   more   umph !   not   fabulous   but   a   get   what   you   pay   for   my   toddler   doesn   t   run   away   from   it   kind   of   deal   that   s   why   i   gave   4   stars .   she   is   2   and   doesn   t   mind   on   high   it   blowing   in   her   face   some !
i   will   never   go   back   i   will   never   go   back   to   a   hair   dryer   that   doesn   t   have   a   retractable   cord .   its   amazing   and   so   much   more   organized   than   they   use   to   be .   maybe   i   m   late   on   this   new   technology   but   its   great .   hair   dryer   itself   is   amazing   as   well   and   does   the   job   in   minutes .
i   ll   keep   it   at   least   for   now   thie   texture   on   this   dryer   feels   nice ,   but   it   s   much   heavier   than   my   last   one .   it   hasn   t   gotten   34   sticky   34   as   some   have   noted ,   but   i   ve   only   used   it   for   a   few   weeks .   it   comes   with   a   tiny   diffuser ,   which   was   good ,   because   my   diffuser   doesn   t   fit   it .   i   wish   i   could   get   a   larger   one ,   but   i   ll   have   to   look   at   an   after   market   one   i   ll   probably   have   to   take   the   dryer   with   me   to   make   sure   it   will   stay   on .   the   dryer   is   pretty   quiet   and   powerful ,   which   is   nice .   br   br   one   of   the   things   i   would   change   is   the   location   of   the   buttons .   i   never   fail   to   change   the   speed   or   heat   when   i   m   using   it .   i   use   a   stronger   grip   on   it   due   to   the   weight ,   so   it   s   easier   for   me   to   hit   a   button   on   accident .   br   br   i   wouldn   t   34   not   34   recommend   it ,   but   i   would   suggest   to   keep   looking   a   little   bit   more .
goood   cool   air   all   hair   dryers   should   have   just   the   34   cool   34   air   function .   i   like   it ,   others   like   it   the   cool   air   is   powerful   and   i   think   it   does   not   make   my   hair   fall   off .   get   it .
i   m   very   happy   with   my   purchase   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   thick   long   hair   and   it   take   around   5   mins   to   dry   my   hair ..   love   it
great   power .   melted   diffuser .   i   ve   only   ever   used   conair   i   ve   tried   the   t3   and   other   fancy   dryers   and   they   are   horrible ,   not   to   mention   they   don   t   come   with   diffusers   and   it   s   always   been   good   on   my   curls .   the   heat   output   on   this   one   is   insane ,   and   my   hair   always   looks   good .   only   problem   is   that   i   ve   had   the   thing   for   a   few   months ,   and   the   diffuser   is   completely   melted .   all   the   little   sticks   are   bent   down   and   it   gets   tangled   in   my   hair .   conair   should   either   answer   their   customer   service   emails   or   sell   diffusers   separately   as   well   so   i   m   not   left   without   one .   frustrated .
love   it   so   far !   so   far   so   good .   i   ve   had   it   about   2   months .   cord   still   retracts   and   dries   my   thick   hair   fast   with   minimal   frizz .
i   bought   another   great   product ,   great   airflow .   i   bought   one   a   few   years   back .   still   working .   br   a   little   big   for   travel .   however   i   bought   another   for   the   guest   bath .   br   everything   i   ve   ever   wanted   in   a   hair   blower .   br   delivery   was   prompt .
what   s   not   to   like   reasonably   priced ,   light ,   works   well ,   you   can   turn   off   the   heat   so   that   it   s   just   blowing   room   temperature   air   which   is   safer   for   your   hair ... got   it   for   the   gf   who   loves   it .   amazon   s   price   is   much   better   than   anything   i   could   find   locally .
works   perfectly   i   use   this   as   my   home   hairdryer ,   not   just   when   i   m   traveling   although   the   bag   it   comes   with   makes   it   perfect   for   that   too .   it   doesn   t   have   a   lot   of   power   but   my   hair   is   really   fine   so   a   lot   of   hairdryers   seem   a   little   bit   of   overkill   for   me .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   it   for   someone   with   really   thick   hair   though   as   it   might   take   a   lot   longer   to   dry .
quick   and   quiet   this   blow   dryer   replaced   the   ancient   one   i   had   been   using   for   the   last   5   years ,   so   surpassing   my   standards   may   not   have   been   too   difficult .   br   br   it   takes   about   6   minutes   to   blow   my   long ,   medium   thickness   hair   dry ,   which   seems   very   quick   to   me !   and   the   volume   is   such   that   i   can   have   a   conversation   with   raised   voice   while   blowing   my   hair   dry .   br   br   overall   very   satisfied !   hopefully   it   lasts   beyond   this   first   month   of   ownership .
amazing !   5   s   this   works   fabulous !   dries   my   hair   in   1   2   the   time   and   works   great   for   getting   hair   straight   before   using   my   hsi   professional   hair   straightener ,   followed   with   hsi   argan   oil .   worth   every   penny  
nice   product ,   but ....   pros   br   br   good   amount   of   drying   power   considering   how   small   it   is   br   perfect   size   for   travel   br   dual   voltage   works   great   no   explosions   when   i   brought   this   dryer   to   europe !   br   br   cons   br   br   plastic   piece   that   changes   the   voltage   has   fallen   out   twice !   br   when   using   in   europe ,   the   wind   is   very   powerful .... but   that   s   good   for   me   because   my   thick   hair   dries   faster .   br   br   bottom   line   i   do   like   everything   about   the   dryer   except   for   that   darn   plastic   piece   that   falls   out .   if   that   we   re   not   an   issue ,   this   would   get   5   stars .
good   while   it   lasted ,   which   was   1   1   2   years   first   off ,   the   hair   dryer   worked   great   when   it   was   working .   you   can   read   the   other   reviews   about   how   well   it   works .   br   br   but   the   wire   slowly   starts   to   twist   and   it   s   not   possible   to   fully   untwist   it .   it   has   to   do   with   the   rubber   that   covers   the   copper   wire .   well ,   this   morning   the   wire   completely   disconnected   from   the   hairdryer   itself .   there   was   no   smoke ,   fire ,   etc .   it   just   twisted   off .   this   is   poor   construction   and   something   that   you   d   expect   from   a   cheap   product ,   not   from   something   that   s   100   .   br   br   giving   it   2   stars   because   when   it   was   working   it   was   great ,   but   a   100   hair   dryer   should   last   longer   than   a   year   and   a   half .   30   hair   dryers   may   suck ,   but   they   are   at   least   built   to   last   longer   than   this   one .
this   hairdryer   is   a   danger   to   the   user   after   about   a   year   this   hair   dryer   started   making   a   buzzing   sound .   when   i   disassembled   it ,   i   could   see   that   the   blades   were   breaking   allowing   the   blades   to   rub   against   the   housing   causing   the   buzzing   sound .   had   i   not   seen   this ,   the   blades   would   have   eventually   broken   off   and   fired   out   at   the   user .   there   has   been   no   recall   so   all   the   products   are   suspect .   do   not   buy   this   product .
unimpressed   should   ve   returned   this .   not   hot   enough .. at   all ,   buttons   are   in   weird   place .   as   you   re   drying   your   hair ,   you   inevitably   hit   the   off   button ,   or   another   speed .   super   annoying .
excellent   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   easy   to   use   and   has   lots   of   power .   the   rubberized   texture   is   easy   to   grip   and   hold .
easy   to   use   best   10   bucks   spent .   put   in   on   my   mirror .   salon   looking   blowouts   in   minutes .   why   didn   t   i   get   this   sooner  
mediocre   my   husband   uses   the   hairdryer   a   lot   more   than   i   do .   he   does   not   care   for   the   way   it   works   and   the   lack   of   settings .   he   is   considering   replacing   it   or   removing   it   altogether .
nice   job !   i   have   had   these   for   sooo   long   without   any   regret   except   for   blowing   my   hair   out   ...   small ,   compact ,   quality   product .   how   often   do   you   hear   that   about   a   small   hair   dryer   great   product   and   for   the   price ...
best   blowdryer   i   ve   ever   owned   of   all   of   the   dryers   i   ve   owned   in   my   life   this   is   my   favorite .   i   ve   only   been   using   it   for   3   days   and   i   m   in   love !
great   hair   dryer   this   dryer   is   very   light   weight ,   two   heat   and   air   settings ,   dries   hair   quickly   and   quietly .   very   glad   i   was   able   to   locate   it   after   using   it   in   a   hotel   i   recently   stayed   in .
nice   smooth   hardware .   does   the   job .   nice   quality   feel .   smooth   operating   switches .   not   too   garish   a   color   like   those   bright   red   conairs .   unique .   nice .   happy   with   purchase .
does   the   job   this   does   dry   my   hair .   it   is   very   light   and   compact   but   it   does   not   have   a   lot   of   power   even   for   my   short   hair !
nice   ceramic   dryer   for   a   low   price   i   discovered   this   hair   dryer   at   an   upscale   hotel   in   boston   and   took   a   photo   of   it   with   my   phone   to   remember   to   research   it .   i   am   pleased   with   my   purchase ,   it   is   lightweight   and   travels   well .
well   made   and   durable   works   just   fine ,   and   has   a   heavier ,   quality   34   feel   34   than   the   cheaper   ones .   mounts   easy ,   and   looks   fine   on   the   wall .
loud !   34   you   get   what   you   pay   for   34   .   don   t   get   cheep   like   me ,   this   hair   dryer   is   loud !   even   though   it   is   identical   tech   specs   to   its   big   sister   the   infinity   cord   keeper   ,   it   s   the   bigger   that   s   better .   the   larger   version   acts   like   a   muffler .   spend   the   extra   20   bucks .   i   did ,   the   real   deal   is   now   on   order .
loved   it   until   it   died   only   a   few   months   after   purchase   i   purchased   this   blow   dryer   a   few   months   ago   loved   the   product   until   it   randomly   died   the   other   day .   fortunately   i   had   saved   my   old   one ,   or   i   would   have   had   to   leave   the   house   in   freezing   weather   with   a   wet   head .   not   pleased .
good   product   this   is   the   second   time   i   ve   purchased   this   hair   dryer   as   i   loved   the   first   one   so   much .   it   gets   hot   enough   to   straighten   as   it   dries .   would   recommend   highly .
leopard   babyliss   portofino   6600   from   beauty   and   is   a   legit   machine   i   received   my   leopard   babyliss   dryer   from   beauty   and ,   and   i   believe   it   is   the   real   thing   not   a   counterfit .   the   packaging ,   accessories ,   and   dryer   all   appear   to   be   very   well   made   with   great   attention   to   detail .   the   cord   is   quite   thick   and   long   you   can   tell   by   the   cord   alone   that   it   is   a   powerful   machine .   it   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   owned   and   it   dried   my   very   long   fine   blonde   hair   in   under   5   minutes ,   without   much   heat   at   all   seems   like   it   would   cause   less   damage   to   hair   .   it   is   certainly   worth   the   59.95   i   paid   for   it .
exploded   while   drying   hair   loved   my   andis   but   it   just   exploded   while   drying   my   hair .   plastic   everywhere ,   lucky   no   one   was   hurt .   i   don   t   hate   it   but   it   could   be   unsafe !   trying   to   decide   if   i   want   another   one   or   switch   brands .
dead   in   four   weeks   i   joked   that   at   10 ,   this   hair   dryer   will   be   lucky   to   last   one   year .   it   lasted   a   month .   by   the   time   i   checked   to   return   it ,   i   had   missed   the   deadline   to   do   so   by   one   day .   yup .   this   baby   died   quickly .   sometimes ,   you   indeed   get   what   you   pay   for .
conair   1875   great   hairdryer   compact   for   travel   and   very   powerful . can   t   beat   it   for   the   price .   recommend   it   for   anyone   looking   for   a   travel   hairdryer   or   enen   great   for   home   use .
works   great   a   gift   for   my   11   year   old   daughter .   she   has   thick   hair   and   she   has   had   no   complaints   with   it
the   greatest   blowdryer   ever !   i   love   this   blow   dryer !   it   s   the   most   user   friendly   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   it   is   well   made   dries   hair   very   nicely ,   without   burning   it .   i   love   the   retractable   cord .   the   blow   dryer   folds   shut   so   it   s   easier   to   store .   cant   believe   i   found   such   a   great   affordable   blow   dryer .
cheap   and   great !   curly   hair   here .   i   think   it   does   dry   faster ,   but   my   old   machine   was   pretty   worn   out .   br   br   i   love   that   there   is   an   actual   setting   for   cool   air   plus   the   button   for   a   shot   of   it .   br   br   my   finger   always   ached   after   using   my   last   one ,   which   only   had   that   blue   button   and   not   the   addt   l   setting .
cord   wont   retract   the   cord   was   hanging   down   and   my   puppies   chewed   it   to   pieces .   used   one   time   what   a   was   of   my   money
impossible   to   find   in   retail   stores .   works   well .   very   convenient   to   use .   just   like   in   hotels .   compact   design   takes   up   very   little   room   on   the   wall .
terrible   design   whom   ever   designed   this   hair   dryer   had   to   be   stoned !   they   put   the   power   switch   buy   your   pinky   finger   so   your   constantly   turning   the   dryer   off   every   time   you   grip   the   handle .   the   34   high   34   heat   is   ok ,   could   be   better .   but   as   the   old   saying   goes ...   34   you   get   what   you   pay   for ! !   34   so   true .
affordable   price   i   like   and   it   was   very   affordable . i   used   it   today   for   the   first   time   and   i   was   pleased . i   was   skeptical   about   it   but   it   saved   me   money  
it   s   a   basic   hairdryer ... without   a   diffuser   and   hardly   functioning   retractable   cord   so   disappointed !   scrutinized   the   reviews   before   ordering   this   and   totally   disappointed .   br   pros   the   low ,   medium   and   high   work   fine .   the   cool   shot ,   when   held   down   works   fine .   br   it   does   fold   without   issue .   br   br   cons   thank   goodness   i   decided   to   err   on   the   side   of   caution   and   test   this   out   as   soon   as   i   took   it   out   of   the   box .   the   retractable   cord   does   not   retract   all   the   way !   there   is   a   good   7   34   of   cord   that   can   not   be   retracted   because   of   a   stopper   that   can   not   be   moved   or   removed .   the   part   that   should   fully   retract   did   not ,   after   30   seconds   of   careful   use .   br   br   there   is   no   diffuser .   the   little   black   piece   that   is   shown   in   the   pic   does   not   a   diffuser   make .   br   br   ordered   yesterday   and   returning   today ,   enough   said .
conair   pro   hair   dryer   wonderful   product .   very   well   constructed   and   aesthetically   pleasing .   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   anyone   who   appreciates   top   quality   at   a   reasonable   price .   wnc
did   not   like   it   purchase   this   item   use   it   once   and   it   s   already   in   the   box   to   be   return .   my   daughter   have   natural   hair   so   its   all   it   easier   to   come   her   hair   when   it   s   blow   dry   and   this   could   bit   do   the   job   at   all .
works   great !   would   recommend   this   for   anyone ,   works   great ,   runs   fine   and   is   perfect   for   what   i   needed   it   for .   don   t   hesitate   to   buy   this   nice   piece
it   s   alright .   the   power   is   not   very   high ,   which   i   was   really   hoping   for .   it   s   much   less   than   that   of   the   conair   infiniti .
not   as   powerful   i   bought   this   to   replace   another   andis   1600w   hangup   hair   dryer   i   have   used   for   13   years .   i   thought   since   it   was   the   same   wattage   it   would   have   the   same   power ,   but   alas ,   it   seems   a   faint   imitation   of   the   mighty   blower   i   had   before .   and ,   the   control   is   on   the   back   of   the   handle ,   which   makes   it   awkward   to   use ,   whereas   the   previous   dryer   had   the   control   on   the   side ,   in   the   perfect   position   for   ease   of   use .   this   does   the   job ,   and   i   do   like   the   included   night   light ,   but   it   pales   in   comparison   to   my   original .   sigh .....
nice   hair   dryer   i   like   this   product .   i   really   like   being   able   to   change   the   heat   settings .   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   controls   are   in   the   same   place   as   my   hand   so   i   sometimes   inadvertently   change   the   settings .
a   great   buy ...   this   blow   dryer   straightened   my   course   afro   hair   from   root   to   tip !   it   is   not   difficult   to   hold   or   maneuver .   the   comb   rubber   comb   is   practically   unbreakable ..   and   great   for   tender   scalps   as   well   as   the   cool   shot   button !   i   chose   this   one   because   my   hairdresser   recommended   it .   she   has   a   wide   range   of   hair   dryers   but   this   blow   dryer   straightened   my   course   afro   hair   from   root   to   tip !   it   is   not   difficult   to   hold   or   maneuver .   the   comb   rubber   comb   is   practically   unbreakable ..   and   great   for   tender   scalps   as   well   as   the   cool   shot   button !   i   chose   this   one   because   my   hairdresser   recommended   it .   she   has   a   wide   range   of   hair   dryers   but   is   most   satisfied   with   this   one .... and   it   doesnt   break   the   bank ... they   need   to   make   one   with   titanium   technology ... she   is   most   satisfied   with   this   one .... and   it   doesnt   break   the   bank ... they   need   to   make   one   with   titanium   technology ...
great   hairdrier   it   has   all   of   the   settings   hot ,   warm   cold   plus   the   settings   are   on   a   slide   as   opposed   to   the   toggle   settings .   you   don   t   have   to   worry   about   accidentally   changing   temperatures   or   turning   drier   off   in   the   middle   of   styling   you   hair .   i   also   like   the   retracting   cord ,   it   makes   storing   so   much   easier .
works   great   i   d   read   some   reviews   stating   this   dryer   had   issues ... but ,   i   bought   it   anyway .   i   have   no   problems   with   the   hose   falling   out   or   it   not   getting   hot   enough .   works   great .   my   only   problem   is   that   i   had   jumbo   rollers   in   and   the   bonnet   s   opening   was   not   large   enough   to   easily   get   my   head   in   without   loosening   the   rollers   in   the   process .   next   time ,   i   ll   just   use   smaller   ones .
almost   perfect   hair   dryer   i   have   very   thin   fine   hair   and   only   use   a   hair   dryer   for   spot   drying   on   occasion .   i   had   a   great   little   travel   dryer   that   worked   great   for   years   until   it   recently   just   died   on   me .   in   looking   for   a   new   dryer   i   found   most   were   too   big   and   bulky   for   me ,   as   well   as   too   powerful   for   my   hair .   this   dryer   had   the   lowest   wattage   i   could   find .   while   it   s   still   a   bit   too   powerful   for   me ,   it   serves   my   purpose ,   as   it   is   small   and   lightweight .   the   only   improvement   i   would   have   made   would   have   been   to   have   a   foldable   handle .
great   power ,   fast   drying ,   but   super   tangly   hair   i   have   normal   to   fine   long   hair ,   and   while   this   dryer   has   dramatically   shortened   my   drying   time ,   my   biggest   issue   is   that   it   turns   my   dried   hair   into   a   tangly   mess .   a   hairbrush   literally   rips   my   hair   out   after   drying .   i   haven   t   had   this   issue   with   a   dryer   before ,   and   an   at   home   coconut   oil   treatment   has   helped   the   situation   somewhat ,   so   i   ve   decided   to   keep   the   dryer   until   my   next   haircut   to   see   if   that   alleviates   the   tangles .   if   not ,   i   will   probably   buy   a   new   dryer .
weird   name ,   great   performance   i   got   this   hair   dryer   b   c   i   wanted   a   no   frills ,   sturdy   hairdryer ,   and   that   s   exactly   what   i   got .   it   performs   exceptionally   well   and   i   have   even   dried   wait   for   it   chickens   w   it   outside .   it   s   that   sturdy .   b   c   i   m   a   woman   i   m   not   using   the   little   blue   button   regardless ,   this   is   an   awesome   piece   of   equipment .
used   for   less   than   4   months   i   ve   used   this   dryer   for   less   than   4   months   and   it   s   already   acting   up .   i   keep   it   clean   and   store   it   in   a   holder   so   it   doesn   t   drop   to   the   floor   and   it   s   still   acting   up .   the   power   level   drops .   the   heat   comes   and   goes .   the   manufacturer   wants   me   to   ship   it   back   to   them .... and   then   they   ll   send   me   a   new   one   in   10   days .   how   am   i   supposed   to   live   without   a   hairdryer   for   that   long   !   !   !   i   don   t   recommend   this   at   all .
3   months   use   and   now   it   s   dead   first ,   it   s   red   and   not   blue .   second ,   it   s   large ,   very   heavy   and   loud .   third ,   after   3   months   use ,   it   died   on   me .   vendor   offers   no   return   replacement   after   30   days .
excellent   hair   dryer   i   ve   only   used   this   a   few   times   so   far ,   but   i   really   love   it .   i   ve   had   difficulty   finding   a   dryer   that   1   doesn   t   fry   curly   hair ,   2   isn   t   too   heavy   when   drying   the   back   of   my   head ,   3   doesn   t   sound   like   a   jet   taking   off ,   4   has   a   diffuser ,   and   4   has   separate   heat   and   power   settings   with   the   warm   actually   warm ,   not   hot .   br   br   this   dryer   does   all   that   i   m   a   very   happy   camper !
great ! !   i   am   a   flight   attendant   and   many   hotels   i   stay   in   have   this   hair   dryer   and   i   love   it !   i   had   to   order   one   for   home ! !
just   what   i   expected   i   have   sister   locs ,   i   used   the   dyer   to   rod   my   hair   and   it   worked   great .   it   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .
fairly   quiet   had   a   similar   one   before   and   missed   it   when   it   finally   died .   i   probably   had   it   ten   years   or   more .
hair   care   i   really   needed   a   good   blow   dryer   to   dry   straighten   my   hair   and   this   one   made   my   hair   look   really   healthy .   i   love   it .
not   what   i   expected   this   hair   dryer   did   not   deliver   the   turbo   drying   that   i   wanted .   it   takes   too   long   to   dry   my   hair .
didn   t   last   this   died   about   a   year   after   i   got   it .   i   wish   it   lasted   longer .   it   was   good   while   it   lasted .
not   just   another   bandwagon   user   let   me   first   explain   two   things   br   one   being   that   i   work   the   nightly   re   stock   shift   at   sephora   and   have   my   pick   of   any   high   end   professional   hair   dryer   at   30   50   off   sale   costs   and   i   still   chose   this   for   many   reasons .   secondly ,   i   have   used   the   same   revlon   ionic   15   20   blowdryer   since   i   was   about   16years   old   and   never   had   any   problems   with   it .   i   always   repurchased   the   same   one   maybe   once   every   6years   or   so .   br   my   hair   is   naturally   curly   but   its   slowly   lost   most   of   its   curl   through   the   years   and   been   left   with   a   good   amount   of   volume   and   wave .   my   hair   had   always   gotten   pretty   frizzy   when   i   blew   it   dry   but   i   just   figured   that   was   part   of   the   drying   process .   one   day   while   at   work   i   was   looking   at   a   t3   and   discussing   how   my   hair   frizzes ,   i   was   told   that   with   the   new   hair   dryers   and   such   that   this   isnt   what   should   be   happening   and   that   i   should   get   a   new   high   end   hair   dryer .   i   researched   many   of   the   new   t3   and   the   drybar   products   only   to   be   pretty   disappointed   considering   the   price .   i   actually   bought   a   t3   and   had   problems   with   the   end   staying   on   it   and   the   location   of   the   switch   and   my   hand .   i   had   found   the   elchim   but   was   skeptical   of   it   bc   of   the   name   in   general .   i   wasnt   a   big   name   brand   and   no   one   i   talk   to   had   ever   heard   of   it .   after   one   use   i   could   tell   a   huge   difference .   it   doesnt   dry   my   hair   any   faster   though .   i   dont   have   any   frizz   and   it   is   smoother ,   smells   better ,   not   to   hot   to   touch ,   and   a   lot   more   shine !   i   really   do   recommend   this   to   any   woman   or   man   who   is   considering   buying   a   new   expensive   blowdryer   and   cant   make   up   their   mind ... go   with   this   one   first !
love ! ! !   i   am   a   professional   stylist   and   this   blow   dryer   gets   the   job   done ! ! !   it   is   excellent   for   straightening   natural   african   american   hair .
gift   i   got   this   for   my   daughter   for   she   like   to   do   her   hair   a   lot   and   washes   it   every   day
works   great !   very   affordable ,   reviews   were   accurate .   it   is   quieter   than   my   old   one   and   quick .   no   need   to   spend   a   lot   of   money   on   a   dryer   when   you   have   the   quality   with   conair .
good   value   the   dryer   is   a   good   value   for   the   price .   i   purchased   this   because   the   cord   was   retractable   and   it   is   easier   to   pack   when   traveling .   it   is   light   weight ,   which   is   a   plus   as   i   have   thick   long   hair   as   my   arm   doesn   t   get   tired .
dryer   worked   well .   i   am   a   27yr   old   black   woman   and   i   use   this   dryer   to   dry   my   20in   malaysian   body   wave   full   sew   in .   it   dried   my   braids   completely   so   if   you   re   wondering   if   it   works   for   weave   yes .   i   ve   only   used   it   once   since   i   bought   it   and   once   again   to   quickly   dry   my   boyfriends   boxers   last   minute   and   it   worked   for   that   too   lol   so   im   pretty   satisfied .   so   far   so   good ,   thanks !
almost   perfect   this   hair   dryer   functions   as   it   should   and   meets   all   expectations ...   however ,   to   me ,   there   is   just   one   con .   the   fan   speed   adjustment   slider   is   a   bad   design .   i   constantly   like   to   adjust   the   fan   speed   when   i   blow   dry   or   style   my   hair   and ,   if   not   careful ,   the   adjuster   piece   can   pinch   you   palm   area   if   it   s   resting   in   the   area   where   the   adjustment   piece   slides   down ....   not   quite   sure   how   to   describe   it .   well ,   after   getting   pinched   once   it   never   happened   again   because   now   i   m   aware   though   it   sucked   the   first   time .   just   a   fyi !
affordable   and   does   the   job   i   had   an   older   model   of   this   same   hair   dryer   for   several   years   5   7   and   it   was   great .   recently ,   it   started   making   some   funny   sounds   while   in   use ,   so   i   decided   it   was   about   time   to   upgrade .   for   the   price ,   there   s   really   no   better   option   than   this   one   it   s   relatively   lightweight ,   easy   to   maneuver ,   and   makes   quick   work   of   drying   my   long ,   thick   hair .   i   ve   never   had   an   expensive ,   fancy   hair   dryer ,   so   i   can   t   speak   to   whether   this   is   better   or   not ,   but   i   d   say   you   can   t   beat   the   price   for   the   quality .
ok   it   works   fine   and   it   is   really   small .   on   the   other   hand ,   the   cable   and   the   plug   are   incredibly   big   for   this   kind   of   stuff ....
oh   so   wonderful   i   love   it ! !   i   have   a   bunch   of   hair   and   it   dries   it   in   no   time   while   other   dryers   take   more   than   20   minutes   to   have   way   dry   it !
highly   recommend   i   am   not   very   good   at   styling   my   hair   but   i   find   this   dryer   seems   to   be   the   correct   temperature   and   has   the   directional   stream   going   in   the   right   direction .   very   easy   to   use .   i   had   used   the   dryer   at   my   daughters   and   so   decided   to   purchase   it .   i   would   highly   recommend   it
ok   i   order   this   after   reading   all   the   reviews .   before   purchasing   this   blow   dryer   i   had   a   very   cheap   bottom   of   the   line   dryer   from   walmart .   i   will   have   to   say   i   am   disappointed   with   how   long   it   still   takes   to   dry   my   hair .   i   was   expecting   more   since   for   me   this   was   an   upgrade .   it   feels   looks   cheap   also .
perfect   size   i   bought   this   to   blow   dry   my   baby   s   hair .   it   is   the   perfect   size   for   her   when   she   gets   older   to   dry   her   own   hair .   it   is   strong   enough   to   dry   hair   quickly ,   but   not   to   the   point   of   burning   hair   scalp .
used !   i   just   opened   up   my   package   which   i   was   very   excited   about   because   of   the   reviews   i   read .   well ,   once   i   opened   it   i   found   someone   s   hair   all   in   the   box   and   sticking   to   the   plug   stickers   on   the   hair   dryer .   also ,   there   were   scratches   and   dings   all   over   the   hair   dryer .   this   was   100   used .   i   am   totally   grossed   out   that   someone   else   s   hair   was   all   over   a   product   that   i   paid   good   money   for .   when   someone   returns   something   it   is   not   right   to   resell   it   so   someone   else .   ups   is   coming   to   pick   it   back   up   tomorrow   and   i   am   assuming   i   ll   be   getting   a   refund   or   at   least   i   better .   i   am   extremely   disappointed   and   have   never   had   this   happen   before   using   amazon .   either   way ,   i   will   not   be   buying   from   this   seller   anymore !
i   like   it   i   think   it   s   a   good   product ,   it   leaves   your   hair   soft   and   it   dries   it   easily ,   it   fullfiled   my   expectations .
ours   caught   fire   too .   after   using   it ,   i   turned   off   the   hair   dryer   and   put   it   down .   the   hair   dryer   came   back   on ,   caught   fire   and   left   a   very   bad   smell   in   the   house .
i   love   this   dryer !   this   dryer   has   great   power   and   really   does   help   keep   your   hair   from   frizzing .   br   it   s   great ,   and   it   has   lots   of   power ,   or   little ,   depending   on   the   setting .
okay   i   think   this   is   great   for   travel   and   at   home .   you   just   sit   and   get   your   hair   dryed   and   device   is   small   enough   to   walk   around   with .
very   good   lightweight   ionic   dryer   i   like   the   compact   size   and   light   weight   of   of   this   dryer .   and   my   hair   is   noticeably   smoother !   br   my   only   disappointment   is   that   i   thought   there   were   more   heat   settings   the   product   description   says   3   heat   air   speeds .   it   is   actually   only   3   air   speeds   a   cool   shot   button .
it   broke !   i   did   love   this   hair   dryer .   ordered   it   in   jul   2013 .   it   is   now   march   2014   and   only   the   slow   speed   works .   the   other   two   don   t .   i   know   hair   dryers   are   a   somewhat   disposable   item .   but   come   on ,   didn   t   even   last   a   year  
compact   but   does   the   job   great   hair   dryer   for   traveling ,   or   for   the   gym ,   or   for   someone   who   doesn   t   have   a   large   space   for   storage
good   dryer   for   the   money   i   looked   at   blow   dryers   online   for   months   before   making   this   purchase ,   some   costing   hundreds   of   dollars .   on   my   wish   list   was   a   dryer   with   a   salon   quality   motor   for   durability ,   variable   heat   and   speed   settings ,   ceramic ,   and   ionic .   this   dryer   checks   all   the   boxes .   the   reason   i   give   it   four   stars   rather   than   five   is   because   there   is   no   ionic   on   off   switch   ionic   on   for   smoothness ,   off   for   greater   volume   .   i   was   surprised   and   pleased   to   learn   that   this   dryer   carries   a   four   year   warranty .   many   of   the   high   priced   dryers   had   only   a   one   or   two   year   warranty .
not   good   for   very   curly   hair   the   bristles   on   the   brush   are   too   flimsy   to   straighten   very   curly   hair .   plus   this   drier   does   not   get   hot   enough   or   have   enough   air   flow .. it   took   forever   to   dry   my   hair   and   i   was   left   with   a   frizzy   mess .
2nd   one   we   orde   our   2nd   hairdryer   because   same   spot   in   the   bathroom   hholes   already .   br   br   but   the   drer   doesnt   last   ,   1 .   year
gets   hot   no   clue   about   the   bad   reviews ... this   dryer   gets   my   hair   good   and   dry .   and   it   dries   really   fast   too !   its   a   keeper !
quite   dryer   this   dryer   is   relatively   quiet   compared   to   some   high   priced   brand .   it   provides   adequate   drying .   the   only   issue   i   have   is   the   rocker   type   on   off   switch   which   is   inconvenient .   a   push   on   off   type   switch   is   ergonomically   better   just   like   holding   a   gun   with   a   trigger .
great   product .... great   price   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   several   months   now   and   am   very   satisfied .   i   purchased   this   model   as   my   daughter   has   used   the   same   former   model   for   years .   i   highly   recommend   this   purchase  
wow   this   hairdryer   is   superb .   like   that   i   can   dry   my   hair   quickly   as   it   is   quite   powerful .   also   like   the   folding   handle .   it   is   made   for   a   woman   s   hand   easy   to   hold   and   handle .
great   dryer   great   price   i   chose   this   dryer   based   on   the   great   ratings   it   got .   i   am   highly   pleased   with   it .   works   well ,   has   all   the   temp .   settings   needed .   i   was   looking   at   much   more   expensive   dryers ,   and   i   really   don   t   think   one   of   them   would   have   been   better .   highly   recommend !
awesome   sauce ! !   today ,   3   14   14   that   i   used   my   hair   dyer ,   i   have   to   say   i   just   love   it .   my   hair   is   naturally   curly   but   takes   so ,   long   too   dry .   i   have   a   hand   held   dyer   with   the   diffueser   attchatment   an   it   makes   my   hair   puffy .   i   started   to   look   for   this   type   of   hair   dyer   that   was   quick   an   sufficient   an   when   looking   they   were   really   expensive   as   well   as   shipping   and   handling   but   when   i   compared   on   amazon   your   company   caught   my   eye   because   on   the   head   of   the   dyer   was   elongated   and   there   was   zero   shipping   so ,   all   i   paid   was   104.00   and   other   companies   wanted   more   money   and   shipping   and   handling .   i   also   colored   my   hair   an   i   use   a   heating   cap   an   it   does   not   color   my   head   completely   so ,   this   will   make   for   a   better   job   on   my   color .   thank   you   so   so   so   so   so   much ......
just   right   works   perfect   for   us ,   not   too   big   and   not   too   small ,   wife   luvs   the   ease   of   it   on   the   wall
danny   from   miami   excellent   my   wife   love   it ,   this   is   one   of   the   best   hair   dryer   would   live   to   recommend   because   is   silence   and   efficient .
dry   your   hair !   this   thing   works   at   spewing   hot ,   warm   and   cool   air .   it   s   not   terribly   big   or   terribly   loud .   i   have   not   used   the   accessories ,   but   it   s   built   pretty   good   and   it   has   a   nice   hook   on   it   for   hanging   it   up .   no   complaints   so   far .   get   you   one !
great   vaule   this   hair   dryer   was   to   replace   my   wife   s   previous   conair   travel   hair   dryer .   this   one   is   a   little   noisier   than   her   old   one ,   but   is   by   no   means   a   problem   noise   wise .   it   still   is   much   quieter   than   many   she   has   used   in   the   past .   br   br   the   dryer   drys   her   hair   well   and   quickly .   plus   it   was   a   great   price   on   amazon .
works   well   seems   to   be   a   good   hair   dryer .   easy   to   use ,   not   too   heavy .   i   ve   had   it   about   a   month ,   no   complaints   so   far .   cord   is   long   enough .   and   it   is   a   pretty   teal .
travel   dryer   i   purchased   this   dryer   for   traveling   after   reading   some   of   the   reviews .   i   thought   the   retractable   cord   would   allow   more   room   in   my   carry   on   bag   too .   i   did   not   use   the   dryer   so   i   can   t   review   how   well   it   works .   the   size   even   with   the   cord   retracted   was   my   problem   it   was   as   large   as   my   home   hair   dryer   that   is   why   i   returned   it .
hair   dryer   use   this   for   my   dog .   it   has   a   mild   setting   that   is   just   right   for   him   after   his   bath .   he   hates   baths .   he   would   not   give   any   thing   associated   with   it   5 .
got   too   hot   loved   this   blow   dryer ...   but   one   night   it   got   too   hot   too   fast   and   went   out !   i   thought   it   had   died !   but   it   was   just   hot   and   had   to   cool   down   overnight .   i   was   only   half   dry !
favorite   hair   dryer   prefer   this   dryer   for   many   years   as   it   isn   t   too   small   to   handle   but   large   enough   to   hold   and   direct   in   drying   hair .   for   medium   size   it   is   lightweight .   i   don   t   use   the   attachments   for   my   shorter   hair .   dryer   lasts   for   many   years .
best   dryer !   i   have   used   this   dryer   for   years   and   i   love   it .   being   a   hairstylist   ... we   are   rough   on   dryers   and   this   one   takes   it   to   the   bank !
great   dryer !   a   great   dryer .   always   handy ,   but   not   in   the   way .   this   is   our   second   one   and   the   first   one   lasted   a   long   time .
great   power ,   poor   switch   location   i   won   t   lie ,   the   color   of   this   blow   dryer   caught   my   attention   before   anything !   the   reviews   seemed   decent   and   the   price   was   great   so   i   thought   if   go   for   it .   br   br   i   m   glad   i   did .   the   blow   dryer   works   really   well !   it   dried   my   long   hair   really   quickly ,   and   my   hair   holds   on   to   water   forever !   br   br   the   only   thing   that   dropped   a   star   were   the   locations   of   the   switches .   these   aren   t   normal   buttons   you   can   avoid   the   entire   front   of   the   handle   is   made   of   two   switches   that   you   slide   up   or   down   to   control   heat   and   air   power .   i   haven   t   accidentally   changed   the   setting   on   myself ,   but   its   just   an   always   spot   and   not   easy   to   avoid .
nice ,   small   and   powerful   dryer   i   have   short   hair ,   so   use   this   as   my   daily   hair   dryer .   very   compact ,   strong   heat   and   airflow .   warning   it   s   a   bit   loud .
  do   not   buy   the   5   star   reviews   are   fake   few   problems   with   this   dryer .   br   first   i   ve   had   this   dryer   before .   it   was   great ,   but   after   using   it   in   the   salon   for   a   couple   years   it   stopped   working ,   as   they   do .   br   second   the   first   time   i   plugged   this   dryer   in   the   low   blast   setting   did   not   work   as   in ,   no   air   came   out   .   i   contacted   the   seller   and   i   ve   received   no   response .   the   dryer   is   not   working ,   and   i   just   want   a   different   one .   br   third   this   seller   is   a   complete   scam !   they   send   a   piece   of   paper   with   the   dryer   that   says   they   ll   give   you   a   two   year   warrantee   if   you   leave   a   5   star   review .   complete   extortion .   i   can   t   believe   amazon   works   with   these   guys .   mind   you ,   since   they   are   not   an   authorized   retailer   it   is   very   likely   the   manufacturer   s   warrantee   is   void .   this   creates   a   problem .   br   br   bottom   line   buy   this   from   a   different   seller .
still   kind   of   heavy   and   cord   refused   to   retract   after   a   few   months   i   was   looking   for   something   light   and   easy   to   store ,   hence   the   foldable   handle   and   retractable   cords .   it   is   not   light ,   and   not   small .   the   retractable   cord   can   only   retract   half   way   after   a   few   months .   other   than   that ,   i   don   t   mind   it   and   has   gotten   used   to   the   weight .   still   on   the   lookout   for   my   dream   hair   dryer ...   br   br   tip   retract   the   cord   before   folding   the   handle ,   cord   will   not   retract   otherwise .
andis   30125   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   love   love   love   this   hair   dryer .   this   is   my   3rd   one   over   the   course   of   many   years .   i   not   only   use   in   my   home   but   in   my   rv .   great   power   and   the   size   is   just   right   .   hangs   on   wall   and   that   is   a   plus   because   it   s   at   you   fingertips   when   needed .   this   one   just   purchased   replace   one   i   have   had   for   10   years ........ they   last   a   good   long   while .   highly   recommend !
best   light   weight   hair   dryer   once   again   something   i   couldn   t   find   on   store   shelves   when   my   old   one   finally   burned   out ,   and   once   again   a   seller   on   amazon   came   to   the   rescue ,   ordered   2   so   i   have   a   back   up ,   nothing   worse   than   your   old   hair   dryer   going   on   the   fritz   half   way   thru   the   job   and   no   back   back   up ,   talk   about   bad   hair   day .   shipper   got   them   to   me   quickly .
best   product !   i   love   this   new   blowdryer ,   it   s   just   as   it   described   and   was   a   very   good   price .   i   got   it   on   time ,   too   !
meh   works   pretty   well ,   but   i   ve   been   using   it   just   over   a   year   and   now   every   time   i   turn   it   on ,   it   trips   my   surge   protector   just   a   couple   minutes   in .   it   makes   drying   my   thick   head   of   hair   a   rather   extensive   process   with   having   to   turn   it   off ,   let   it   cool   down ,   and   then   reset   the   surge   protector ,   which   otherwise   works   fine .   i   unplug   everything   else   from   it   when   using   the   dryer   which   i   didn   t   have   to   do   before ,   but   now   if   i   don   t ,   the   dryer   shuts   off   even   more   frequently .   i   just   purchased   another   dryer   from   another   brand   as   result .
fantastic   little   hair   dryer   this   is   a   fantastic   littler   hair   dryer .   despite   the   small   size ,   it   still   gets   quite   warm   and   blows   a   good   stream   of   air   on   high .   while   my   hair   is   fairly   short   so   perhaps   this   isn   t   saying   much ,   it   does   dry   it   off   quite   quickly .   the   small   size   is   also   a   plus   as   it   makes   it   perfect   for   traveling .   if   you   re   looking   for   a   hair   dryer   with   attachments ,   you   ll   need   to   look   elsewhere .   but   if   you   want   a   good ,   compact   hair   dryer ,   look   no   further .
i   like .   bought   it   because   i   ve   always   liked   the   ones   in   the   hotel   rooms .   has   good   power   and   lightweight .   helps   to   organize   my   bathroom .
diffuser   is   not   included   the   description   says   a   diffuser   is   included   but   it   is   not   in   the   box .   br   heavy   for   person   with   arthritis .   br   not   so   quiet .
great   hairdryer   both   my   daughter   and   myself   were   looking   for   a   dryer   that   didn   t   go   in   the   drawer .   i   read   all   the   reviews   and   choose   this   one .   br   br   i   really   like   the   simplicity   of   the   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   with   ease   and   i   have   thick   and   long   hair .   br   br   the   only   drawback   to   this   dryer   is   the   length   of   the   cord .   make   sure   you   can   place   close   to   the   edge   of   your   counter   top .
don   t   get   too   excited   about   it ,   especially   if   you   have   fine   hair .   i   broke   my   wife   s   babyliss   tt   3000   dryer   guess   they   don   t   bounce   ,   so   i   had   to   buy   her   a   replacement .   she   has   fine   hair   that   lacks   body .   as   i   researched   dryers   i   read   that   people   with   fine   hair   will   get   better   volume   body   if   they   don   t   use   negative   ion   dryers   but   instead   use   neutral   ion   dryers .   the   price   on   the   mk   ii   was   about   30   more   than   the   tt3000   which   she   liked   but   i   thought   that   with   all   the   5   star   comments   i . e .   lighter   weight ,   quieter ,   4   yr   warranty ,   etc .   it   was   worth   it ,   especially   since   it   had   a   negative   neutral   ion   switch .   when   it   came   i   mentioned   all   of   its   advantages   to   her .   i   was   crushed   when   her   first   comments   were   br   1 .   yes ,   its   quieter   than   the   tt3000   but   that   s   because   on   high   fan   the   air   volume   was   equal   to   the   low   fan   speed   of   the   tt3000 .   br   2 .   no ,   the   neutral   ion   setting   didn   t   give   her   any   more   body   volume   than   the   tt3000   did .   br   br   it   is   2.5   ounces   lighter   than   the   tt3000   according   to   our   digital   postage   scale   and   she   s   ok   with   it   s   performance   so   i   m   not   sending   it   back   but   i   wished   i   d   just   gotten   another   tt3000   and   saved   the   30 .   maybe   a   180   unit   with   neutral   ion   s   would   give   her   more   volume   but   i   do   know   that   if   this   one   breaks   i   m   not   buying   another   mk   ii .   sure   wished   someone   would   have   posted   a   comment   like   this   one   so   i   didn   t   waste   my   money .   personally ,   i   like   the   build   quality   of   the   tt3000   also .
love   my   new   hair   dryer   what   a   great   item .   so   much   easier   to   have   this   regular   item   on   my   wall   in   the   bathroom   just   like   hotels !   works   great   and   has   the   ideal   settings   for   my   needs .
if   you   re   looking   for   a   retractable   cord ,   don   t   buy   this   one !   my   previous   conair   blow   dryer   had   a   retractable   cord   and   i   loved   it .   it   was   great   for   easy   storage   and   my   storage   space   is   limited   and   cramped .   after   years   though ,   that   blow   dryer   died   and   i   needed   to   replace   it .   i   always   go   with   conair   because   they   make   a   trusty ,   yet   inexpensive ,   product .   i   chose   this   one   because   of   the   retractable   cord ,   the   folding   handle ,   and   the   dual   voltage .   i   figured   that   if   the   retracting   cord   helped   with   storage ,   the   folding   handle   has   to   be   even   better ,   right   plus ,   i   m   traveling   internationally   this   year ,   so   i   thought   the   folding   handle   would   be   good   for   a   suitcase   and   the   dual   voltage   would   be   good   for   international   power   conversion .   while   i   had   high   hopes   for   his   blow   dryer ,   it   has   really   been   nothing   but   disappointing ...   br   br   the   blow   dryer   itself   works   great ,   like   any   other   conair   i   ve   owned .   the   retracting   cord ,   the   folding   handle ,   and   the   dual   voltage   switch ,   however ,   do   not .   the   joint   on   the   folding   handle   is   quite   flimsy .   the   top   of   the   blow   dryer   wobbles   a   bit   back   and   forth   and   i   m   sure   this   will   only   get   worse   over   time .   this   feature   doesn   t   seem   built   to   last .   the   retractable   cord   also   doesn   t   retract .   it   gets   stuck   halfway   through   and   still   leaves   about   a   foot   and   a   half   of   cord   sticking   out   of   the   end   of   the   blow   dryer .   it   s   not   a   huge   deal   since   the   blow   dryer   still   works ,   but   it   is   definitely   irritating   since   i   bought   the   blow   dryer   specifically   for   this   feature .   i   don   t   know   for   sure ,   but   in   my   opinion ,   i   think   the   retractable   cord   doesn   t   work   right   because   of   the   folding   handle .   it   just   seems   like   that   whole   area   is   made   flimsy   and   i   think   the   cord   is   getting   stuck   inside   the   blow   dryer   near   the   joint   of   the   handle .   and   finally ,   the   dual   voltage   switch   i   can   t ,   for   the   life   of   me ,   get   that   thing   to   switch   over .   i   ve   tried   using   my   acrylic   nails ,   a   screwdriver ,   my   boyfriend ,   etc .   and   nothing   has   worked .   unless   you   re   traveling   with   thor ,   i   wouldn   t   count   on   this   feature .   luckily   i   have   a   power   converter   for   other   electric   items ,   so   i   can   use   that   with   the   blow   dryer ... if   it   makes   it   that   long .   i   may   chuck   the   thing   out   a   window   next   week !   br   br   if   anybody   is   interested   in   the   conair   blow   dryer   i   had   prior   to   this   one ,   it   was   the   conair   you   cord   reel   2   in   1   hair   dryer .   it   last   me   years   and   the   retractable   cord   worked   great !
does   what   it   s   supposed   to   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   needed   a   dryer   that   wouldn   t   take   forever   to   dry   my   hair .   this   one   is   a   bit   loud ,   but   it   does   the   job   and   doesn   t   make   my   hair   too   frizzy .
my   favorite   hair   dryer !   perfect   size ,   for   home   or   travel .   it   s   not   too   small   or   too   bulky   or   large .   it   puts   out   the   perfect   amount   of   heat   and   air .
great   dryer   we   used   to   buy   the   more   expensive   name   brand   hair   products .   after   reading   reviews   of   this   dryer ,   we   decided   to   try   it .   there   are   three   girls   in   my   family   and   we   all   use   and   love   this   dryer !
perfect   this   is   just   the   right   size   and   weight .   i   have   a   lot   of   trouble   with   my   wrist   and   this   dryer   handles   so   nice .   also   it   does   not   take   up   much   space   at   all .
read   the   policy   before   you   buy .   no   refund   ....   this   hair   dryer   is   very   good ,   unfortunately   this   dryer   blew   up   on   me   in   less   than   on   month .   please   people   read   the   policy ,   before   you   buy   read   the   return   policy   from   this   company .   the   stars   is   for   the   product
hair   dryer   the   only   reason   i   have   this   four   stars   is   because   the   only   problem   i   have   with   it   is   that   it   isn   t   as   powerful   as   my   last   dryer ,   which   was   different ,   but   for   the   money   i   spent   i   got   every   penny .   it   works   just   fine   and   i   love   how   you   don   t   have   to   press   an   additional   button   to   go   to   the   cool   setting   like   old   dryer .
t3   i   bought   this   blowdryer   in   2004   and   it   always   made   my   hair   silky   and   shiny .   this   one   which   is   advertised   as   the   same   exact   thing   doesn   t   work   the   same .   my   hair   is   always   looking   dry   and   burnt .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   buying   this   blowdryer .   it   is   the   same   as   any   cheap   blowdryer   you   can   buy   at   cvs .
blow   drys   my   fine   hair   i   needed   a   blow   dryer   for   college   this   was   cheapest   one   i   found   and   it   has   a   cool   setting   works   perfect   for   me
great   hair   dryer !   this   dries   my   hair   so   much   faster   than   my   old   hair   dryer .   it   gets   hot   enough   but   not   to   hot   and   i   love   that   you   can   change   the   temp   settings   on   it .   the   cool   blast   button   also   works   very   good .   the   cord   is   long   enough   and   it   is   not   to   loud .   doesn   t   seem   to   dry   my   hair   out   and   make   it   frizzy   at   all   either .   would   definitely   buy   again ,   very   pleased .
awesome   hair   dryer !   works   great !   it   does   exactly   what   it   says   it   came   with   all   the   attachments   in   the   pic .   i   love   it !
i   love   it ! ! !   my   last   blow   dryer   was   a   remington   and   it   lasted   for   well   over   10   years .   that   is   the   reason   i   purchased   this   one .   i   looked   at   cheaper   ones   but   kept   coming   back   to   this   when   it   arrived   i   was   not   disappointed .   it   had   all   the   features   i   wanted   plus   it   feels   sturdy   in   my   hand   not   fragile   like   one   drop   and   it   s   over .   also   it   drys   quickly   and   isn   t   terribly   noisy .   if   this   one   lasts   half   as   long   as   my   last   one   i   will   be   a   very   pleased   customer .   like   i   said   i   love   it .
good   dryer   but   not   my   favorite .   i   bought   this   dryer   specifically   because   the   handle   could   collapse   and   the   cord   was   retractable ,   which   i   thought   would   make   it   fit   in   my   drawer .   both   features   work   well   but ,   it   still   wouldn   t   fit   in   the   drawer .   this   dryer   does   not   get   very   hot   so   it   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair   than   my   previous   one .   however ,   it   was   a   good   price   and   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   i   ll   keep   it   but   i   would   try   another   model   before   i   bought   this   again .
found   this   in   a   hotel ....   i   used   this   brand   of   hairdryer   for   the   first   time   during   a   recent   hotel   stay ,   and   i   just   loved   it .   it   s   light ,   fast ,   and   easy   to   use .   the   buttons   are   also   conveniently   placed   so   that   my   hand   is   not   on   them   as   i   use   the   dryer .   i   liked   the   dryer   in   the   hotel   so   much   that   i   immediately   ordered   one .   it   s   a   super   dryer ,   just   about   the   best   i   ve   ever   used .
feels   like   quality   this   dryer   just   feels   like   a   quality   build .   after   a   week   of   use ,   i   will   say   that   it   performs   way   beyond   what   i   expected .   while   i   have   relatively   short   hair   and   this   dryer   gets   the   job   done   in   about   one   fourth   of   the   time   my   old   dryer   did .   i   wouldn   t   have   believed   it   if   i   hadn   t   experienced   it .
its   a   ferrari   34   ... more   than   you   can   afford   pal .   34   is   not   a   phrase   you   should   apply   here .   it   s   quieter ,   blows   harder ,   has   ionizer   or   maybe   a   deionizer ,   it   s   red ,   has   an   awesome   cord .   br   br   and   did   i   mention   its   very   quiet   has   more   of   a   whooooooooosh   shound   than   typical   shrill   hair   dryer ,   34   wheeeeeeee   zzzzzzzzzzzz   eeeeee   zzzzzz   eeee   hrrrrrrrrrrrrrr   ddrrrrrrrrrrrrr   wheeeeeeeeesh   34  
lots   of   wind   and   little   heat   i   find   it   to   be   very   high   volume   of   air   but   the   heat   is   low .   the   difuser   snaps   on   poorly
used   one   time !   i   ordered   this   during   the   holidays ,   with   the   knowledge   that   my   current   dryer   weas   gonna   go   anyday ,   well   it   did ,   and   i   just   opened   this   and   used   for   two   days ,   it   makes   a   terrible ,   terrible ,   humming   sound ...... and   i   can   not   return   due   to   that   i   waited   to   long   to   open   it   and   try   it   now   my   return   date   is   past .
turbo   power   super   awesome .   dries   my   hair   in   no   time .   makes   it   shine   and   the   style   lasts   for   several   days .   very   good .
great   hairdryer   i   bought   this   dryer   to   make   it   easier   to   do   both   my   daughters   hair   and   to   teach   them   how   to   dry   their   hair   on   the   type   of   dryer   i   learned   on .   wonderful   purchase   the   price   was   great   and   this   dryer   dries   hair   so   much   faster   than   my   old   model .   would   buy   again
great   for   small   area .   just   what   my   wife   wanted   for   the   bath   room .   just   the   right   size   to   fit   on   the   small   apace   next   to   the   mirror .   was   easy   tp   install   and   looks   like   a   professional   job   of   installation .
salon   quality   for   drugstore   price   this   is   an   awesome   blow   drier .   i   m   going   to   buy   it   and   give   it   to   my   girlfriends   for   gifts ,   you   really   can   t   beat   the   price   for   the   quality   you   get .   i   first   tried   it   in   an   upscale   day   spa   in   chicago .   i   had   to   call   the   place   to   find   out   the   brand   and   model   because   that   was   the   best   hair   day   of   my   life   to   date .   now   my   hair   is   shiny   and   frizz   free   every   day .   i   couldn   t   be   happier .
great   dryer !   this   dryer   never   fails   me .   it   does   a   great   job   every   time .   it   gets   super   hot ,   which   can   be   dangerous .
highly   recommend !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   long   cord   and   great   power   drying .   drys   fast   and   styles   with   attachments   that   came   with   it .   hair   looks   great   after .
retractable   cord   i   love   the   retractable   cord   feature ,   except   when   the   retract   button   sticks   in   place   only   a   few   weeks   after   purchase .   i   guess   i   will   do   it   the   old   fashioned   way   and   wrap   the   cord  
very   good   i   like   it .   it   s   working   very   well .   like   the   heat   a   lot ,   get   things   done   faster .   it   s   strong   too .   definitely   a   good   deal .
worked   great   for   about   a   month   while   using   it   one   day   it   all   of   a   sudden   sounded   like   it   went   on   low ,   but   it   just   lost   its   oomph   and   it   never   came   back .   the   next   time   i   turned   it   on   it   ran   for   a   few   seconds   then   stopped   working   at   all .   it   had   hardly   been   used ,   but   i   had   it   long   enough   that   i   couldn   t   return   it .   bummer .   i   liked   the   idea   of   having   it   hang   on   the   wall .   i   hadn   t   even   gotten   around   to   hanging   it   yet .
tiny   and   portable ,   good ,   effective   surprisingly   light   and   effective   for   drying   my   hair .   it   came   with   extra   attachments   in   a   cute   zebra   striped   bag .   i   wouldn   t   use   it   on   the   highest   setting   or   for   long   periods   of   time .   it   is   super   small   and   easy   to   take   around .
exactly   as   advertised   this   hair   dryer   was   perfect   for   my   needs ,   and   the   pricing   didn   t   hurt   anything   either !   i   am   more   than   satisfied !   2   thumbs   up   all   around !
love   the   bonnet   dryee   the   bonnet   hair   dryer   is   fabulous   .   it   s   so   lightweight .   i   can   dry   my   curls   and   read   a   book   in   ease .   absolutely   love   it .
love   it   i   love   the   automatic   on   off   feature   when   you   use   the   dryer .   powerful   enough   for   my   short   hair .   would   purchase   again .
great   hairdryer   i   have   a   lot   of   hair .   it   s   waist   length ,   and   thick .   i   used   a   plastic   conair   ion   shine   1875   hair   dryer   prior   to   buying   this   one .   i   could   dry   my   hair   with   the   conair   in   maybe   15   20min .   with   the   remington ,   i   can   dry   my   hair   in   5   10min !   as   for   the   less   frizz   the   pearl   ceramic   plate   is   supposed   to   deliver ,   i   think   my   hair   is   less   frizzier ...   i   have   no   idea   if   this   is   because   of   that ,   or   because   this   dryer   can   sustain   heat   and   air   flow   well   enough   to   straighten   my   hair   better .   br   br   the   colors   are   a   bit   off   from   the   product   image .   the   removable   cap   on   the   back   of   the   dryer   is   a   darker   shade   of   pink ,   while   the   buttons   and   the   ceramic   plate   are   a   lighter   pink   but   the   product   image   s   pink   is   a   lot   lighter   .   the   unit   itself   is   a   dark   maroon   or   purple   ish   sort   of   color .   it   s   not   black .   the   material   is   not   plastic .   it   has   an   interesting   finish ...   smooth   but   doesn   t   slide   around   on   a   marble   countertop   like   plastic   does   .   the   entire   hairdryer   is   a   bit   heavier   than   i   m   used   to ,   but   it   s   not   too   much   of   a   big   deal   as   long   as   you   keep   your   hairdryer   steady   and   you   don   t   swing   it   about .   since   it   dries   my   hair   in   just   a   few   minutes ,   the   weight   really   isn   t   an   issue .   the   cord   is   a   decent   length ,   but   i   use   this   at   the   sink ,   so   i   don   t   need   a   very   long   cord .   br   br   i   like   the   extra   heat   so   i   always   have   my   heat   set   to   the   third   level .   the   second   level   is   probably   better   for   finer   hair .   my   hair   is   thick ,   so   i   like   more   heat .   the   first   level   is   only   slightly   warm .   it   s   just   slightly   warmer   than   the   cold   shot   setting .   br   br   as   for   the   air   speeds ...   i   also   like   to   use   the   highest   setting .   the   second   highest   setting   is   just   as   fine ,   but   if   i   m   in   a   rush ,   i   blast   the   settings   to   dry   my   hair   quickly .   the   air   flow   is   very   strong ,   so   with   finer   hair ,   you   re   probably   better   off   at   a   lower   setting   here   as   well .   i   noticed   that   other   reviews   have   said   they   actually   keep   the   hairdryer   about   8in   from   their   head   to   avoid   burns .   just   to   give   you   a   better   understanding   of   my   hair ,   i   use   the   highest   settings   for   both   heat   and   speed ,   and   i   place   this   a   lot   closer   to   my   head   than   8in .   so   much   hair ,   and   i   like   it   long .   br   br   overall ,   hairdryer   is   heavy ,   but   the   heat   and   the   air   speed   is   fantastic   for   anyone   with   a   lot   of   hair   that   s   thick   and   long .   saves   me   time   in   the   morning   when   getting   ready ,   and   my   hair   isn   t   as   frizzy .   bonus   points   after   placing   my   order ,   i   received   this   unit   the   next   morning .   i   m   impressed   with   the   prime   shipping   speed   with   this   one . highest   settings   for   both   heat   and   speed ,   and   i   place   this   a   lot   closer   to   my   head   than   8in .   so   much   hair ,   and   i   like   it   long .   br   br   overall ,   hairdryer   is   heavy ,   but   the   heat   and   the   air   speed   is   fantastic   for   anyone   with   a   lot   of   hair   that   s   thick   and   long .   saves   me   time   in   the   morning   when   getting   ready ,   and   my   hair   isn   t   as   frizzy .   bonus   points   after   placing   my   order ,   i   received   this   unit   the   next   morning .   i   m   impressed   with   the   prime   shipping   speed   with   this   one .
great   hair   dryer   i   needed   a   good   hair   dryer   bad !   i   ordered   this   not   really   knowing   it   had   a   retractable   cord .   what   an   awesome   idea !   just   love   it .
love   it ! ! ! ! !   i   love   this   item ! ! ! !   not   only   is   pink   my   favorite   color   but   one   of   my   close   friends   is   fighting   cancer ,   so   it   serves   2   purposes   but   it   also   work   great ! ! ! !   thank   u ! ! ! !
mediocre   rating   i   appreciate   it   s   light   weight   however   the   34   high   34   speed   is   much   too   powerful   and   quite   loud .   i   ve   put   it   aside   as   a   travel   or   emergency   hair   dryer .
all   the   right   features   this   is   the   second   one   i   ve   purchased   still   using   the   first   one   which   i   purchased   at   bed   bath   beyond   .   i   like   its   features   so   much   that   i   bought   this   second   one   as   a   back   up   in   case   the   first   one   quits ,   but   it   s   still   going   strong   at   about   five   years   old .
love   this   hair   dryer !   i   received   the   hair   dryer   today .   i   used   it   on   my   daughters   hair   and   it   worked   just   as   promised .   i   am   african   american   and   this   is   the   first   hair   dryer   that   i   have   purchased   that   has   actually   lived   up   to   its   claims .   my   daughter   has   thick   hair   and   this   dryer   literally   cut   the   drying   time   in   half .   the   handle   is   comfortable   to   hold   and   the   attachments   work   perfectly .   also   this   hair   dryer   is   much   quieter   than   older   models   similar   to   this   one .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone   who   hates   long   drying   times .   it   gets   the   job   done   and   it   gives   your   hair   a   natural   shine .
i   expected   it   to   be   great ,   based   on   others   reviews   i   was   really   expecting   a   great   little   hair   dryer ,   but   it   was   not .   br   it   is   super   loud   and   overly   hot   and   makes   a   bit   of   a   grinding   noise .   br   just   really   did   not   like   it   at   all ,   so   i   sent   it   back .   br   still   looking   for   a   quiet ,   powerful ,   but   not   too   hot   dryer .
best   dryer   ever   i   ve   had   my   dryer   for   3   years .   i   love   it .   i   m   african   american   and   i   decided   to   go   natural .   because   i   have   very   coarse ,   kinky   hair ,   it   proved   to   be   a   great   dryer   for   straightening   my   hair .   one   downfall .   my   comb   broke   and   trying   to   replace   it   with   a   universal   comb   has   been   a   nightmare .   i   called   conair   and   don   t   replace   the   comb ,   but   they   will   replace   the   dryer .   the   rep   said   to   send   it   back   to   them   and   they   will   send   me   another   dryer   in   3   weeks .   i   couldn   t   afford   to   wait   that   long   so   i   decided   to   buy   another   dryer .   so   now   i   have   two   and   i   love   both   of   them .
awesome   power !   i   had   my   reservations   before   i   bought   this ,   but   i   am   so   glad   i   did !   it   is   small   enough   to   travel   with   and   has   loads   of   power   to   dry   even   the   thickest   head   of   hair .   great   purchase ! !
oh   my ! ! !   i   love   it   my   conair   hair   dryer   decided   to   bite   the   dust   on   me   and   the   following   day   i   was   having   a   medical   procedure   done .   i   was   pressed   for   time   so   i   ordered   this   one   and   have   one   day   shipping .   i   must   say   that   i   love   this   hairdryer .   it   is   pretty   in   color   and   looks   exactly   like   it   does   online .   it   is   not   too   heavy   and   comes   with   two   extensions .   i   love   the   choices   between   low ,   medium   and   high   and   also   low ,   warm ,   hot   and   cool .   i   highly   recommend   this   item .   it   is   not   too   noisy   either .
powerful   little   hair   dryer   but   be   aware   the   cord   doesn   t   retract   all   the   way   dave   s   wife   br   br   i   was   sick   of   my   old   1875w   hairdryer   s   cords   always   getting   in   the   way   in   the   cabinet   so   i   ditched   it   for   a   folding   model   with   a   retractable   cord .   br   br   people   said   this   dryer   was   loud ,   but   i   didn   t   find   that   to   be   true .   br   br   it   works   very   well   and   i   m   happy   with   it ,   just   be   aware   that   the   cord   doesn   t   retract   all   the   way ,   it   only   retracts   to   a   certain   point .   br   br   still ,   much   better   than   what   i   had   and   it   works   great !
it   is   good   haven   t   used   it   yet .   the   packaging   is   great   and   compare   to   the   price   i   have   seen   for   the   same   make   and   model   it   is   good .
good   quality   fast   delivery   this   hairdryer   has   a   good   weight   to   it   and   the   motor   sounds   quiet   and   smooth .   drys   my   hair   quickly .   love   the   retractable   cord .
greatest   i   have   used   this   dryer   for   many   years   and   decided   to   purchase   another   one   for   travel .   lightweight   and   a   good   airflow !
conair   1875   hair   dryer   i   really   like   this   dryer   and   am   enjoying   using   it .   my   other   one   had   bit   the   dust   after   about   7   years .
very   quick   shipping   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   is   very   quiet   compared   to   many   dryers   i   have   had .   it   is   awesome   having   so   many   heat   and   speed   settings .   it   comes   with   attachments   which   is   a   plus   but   doesn   t   really   need   them .   the   retractible   cord   is   very   handy   for   storing   in   the   drawer .   i   would   definitely   buy   again .   the   only   con   i   can   find   is   that   it   is   a   little   heavier   them   i   am   use   it .
expectations   just   not   enough   blow   power   compared   to   the   one   i   had .   takes   too   long   to   dry   even   on   high .   no ,   i   wouldn   t   buy   it   again .   did   not   meet   my   expectations .
really   good   deal ,   working   great   after   two   years   i   researched   various   black   on   wall   hairdryers   and   i   liked   that   this   one   was   compact   and   a   cord   that   seemed   like   it   would   stay   out   of   the   way .   i   mostly   purchased   this   for   when   the   girls   are   at   the   house   and   need   a   hairdryer ,   but   it   s   actually   come   in   handy   for   me   as   well .   anyway ,   mount   and   forget   this   thing .   the   cord   for   how   i   mounted   it   does   slop   around   on   the   counter   top   a   bit ,   but   you   really   need   that   to   have   a   comfortable   amount   of   distance   to   use   it .   br   br   anyway ,   i   m   very   into   more   modern   looking   gadgets   and   the   compactness   of   this   and   sleek   black   made   it   a   great   fit .   after   two   years ,   it   s   still   working   great   and   gets   a   decent   amount   of   use .   no   problems   whatsoever .
i   use   this   every   day   and   it   is   a   good   reliable   product   but   the   power   switch   has   started   to   stick   .   .   .   i   use   this   every   day   and   it   is   a   good   reliable   product   but   the   power   switch   has   started   to   stick .   i   think   that   a   shot   of   wd   40   would   fix   it ,   though .   i   have   been   using   it   for   many   years   and   like   the   product .   i   would   buy   another   and   recommend   it   highly   to   others .
heavy   heavy   and   stopped   working   after   .   worked   well   on   my   hair   though   but   it   was   too   heavy   and   didnt   last   long !
very   satisfied   i   not   always   that   i   would   find   a   blow   dryer   for   this   price   and   it   gets   as   hot   as   this   one .   it   does   wonders   with   my   daughters   very   natural   hair .   i   love   it   and   would   recommend   it   to   everyone .
i   love   it   even   with   the   odor   this   hair   dryer   is   as   good   as   all   the   reviews   say   it   is .   it   does   give   off   a   gross   plastic   smell   when   you   use   it   though .   if   you   can   get   past   that   then   you   ll   love   it .
economy   and   quality   excellent   hair   dryer   for   a   low   price   i   have   2   of   these   dryers   they   easily   fit   into   a   gym   bag ,   get   the   job   done   and   is   very   simple   to   operate   you   can   t   go   wrong   with   this   dryer
never   worked !   the   ground   fault   circuit   interrupter   the   little   red   button   never   worked   and   so   the   dryer   never   worked   either .   it   was   designed   so   that   the   gfci   couldn   t   be   opened   or   repaired .   br   this   was   a   total   waste   of   money .   of   course   we   never   used   it   until   the   day   after   the   return   date   expired .
it   s   okay ....   i   have   it   and   use   it   when   i   needed   usually   for   my   bangs   i   don   t   like   how   it   stiffens   my   hair   when   i   blow   dry   it .   i   like   the   real   thing   when   i   blow   dry   my   long   thick   hair ...
i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   less   than   2   months ... no   longer   works   right .   this   hair   dryer   did   not   last   even   two   months .   my   hair   would   get   caught   in   the   back   of   the   dryer .   never   had   this   problem   with   other   hair   dryers .   it   is   already   useless   and   i   had   to   replace   it   with   another   hair   dryer .
big   dryer   i   bought   this   for   the   retractable   cord .   hadn   t   bought   a   new   dryer   in   years   because   i   have   short   fine   hair   and   don   t   need   one   much .   but   i   got   tired   of   having   to   wind   up   the   cord   all   the   time   after   i   used   my   old   small   dryer   for   a   minute .   this   dryer   is   meant   for   a   serious   blow   dryer ,   i   think .   someone   who   has   a   lot   of   hair   and   needs   drying   power .   be   aware   that   this   machine   is   big   and   heavy .   i   don   t   need   such   a   powerful   machine ,   my   mistake   i   guess ,   but   threw   away   the   box   before   i   realized .   seems   very   well   made ,   but   i   wish   i   had   something   lighter .   with   a   retractable   cord .
very   nice   dryer   i   put   this   dryer   on   my   wishlist   and   it   was   purchased   for   me   by   my   husband .   it   gets   very   hot ,   just   like   the   ones   in   the   salons .   the   temp .   is   adjustable   and   the   motor   runs   without   creating   a   lot   of   excess   noise .   i   like   that   the   hood   is   extra   large   and   adjustable . great   color   combination   too .   the   instructions   on   how   to   put   the   unit   together   could   be   a   bit   more   clear ,   but   are   not   totally   confusing   and   shouldn   t   keep   anyone   from   purchasing   the   drying .
second   one   i   ve   purchased ....   the   first   one   lasted   me   ten   years   and   passed   down   to   my   son   still   working .   i   really   love   the   retractable   cord ,   prevents   clutter .
full   of   power   it   s   amazing   you   don   t   know   how   bad   your   old   hair   dryer   was   until   you   purchase   a   new   one !   this   hairdryer   has   so   much   power   but   is   also   quieter   than   others .   my   old   hair   dryer   took   20   min   to   blow   dry   my   thin ,   fine   hair .   this   one   only   took   5   min !   love   the   neon   green   color   and   love   how   the   handle   folds   for   travel .   works   great !
a   little   heavy   my   new   conair   1875   watt   pro   style   hair   dryer   works   just   fine ,   but   my   previous   one   same   brand   and   same   wattage   was   much   lighter   to   hold .   i   m   getting   used   to   it   but   was   hoping   when   i   ordered   it   that   it   would   be   exactly   like   the   one   i   had ,   since   it   lasted   for   years .
almost   perfect   this   really   could   be   almost   the   perfect   hairdryer   if   for   only   2   things .   it   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   and   it   s   missing   a   cold   shot   button .   the   air   flow   is   perfect ,   i   love   the   different   speeds   and   heat   settings ,   how   it   feels ,   the   lenth   of   the   cord ,   etc ...   it   just   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   to   straighten   smooth   the   hair   like   my   chi   did ,   even   at   its   hottest   setting .   i   need   to   flat   iron   afterwards   my   hair   has   a   medium   natural   wave   .   i   love   the   way   the   elchim   is   made ,   so   i   m   going   to   try   different   models   to   see   if   they   have   what   i   m   looking   for .
smart   dryer   it   worked   fine   on   my   trip   to   israel .   it   is   easy   to   pack   for   travel   and   has   a   lot   of   power .
didn   t   last   more   than   30   uses   and   started   smoking   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   in   july   for   a   2   week   trip   and   since   have   only   used   it   a   few   times .   it   was   compact   and   easy   to   travel   with .   it   isn   t   terribly   powerful   but   worked   well   enough   to   dry   my   hair   and   works   better   than   most   hotel   dryers .   i   had   even   used   it   a   few   times   in   place   of   my   every   day   conair   dryer   and   had   no   major   complaints .   until   i   used   it   for   a   recent   trip   and   when   i   turned   it   on   it   puttered ,   then   started   smoking   and   sparking .   i   have   seen   hair   dryers   die   before ,   but   usually   not   after   such   limited   use ,   and   i   haven   t   seen   them   go   out   in   smoke   and   flames   before .   i   usually   buy   conair   but   this   product   has   given   me   doubts .
awesome   blow   dryer   i   have   had   many   blow   dryers .........   then   of   course   i   needed   another   one ,   so   br   instead   of   going   to   target   again ,   i   thought   let   me   see   whats   out   there ....   i   love   amazon   so   br   that   was   the   first   place   i   went   to .   i   saw   this   blow   dryer   and   read   the   reviews   and   thought ,   let   me   give   this   br   a   try   because   of   the   revew   and   i   just   love ,   love   this   blow   dryer .
super   hairdryer   great   hair   dryer .... super   quiet .. and   dries   hair   quickly ....   it   is   very   light   compared   to   my   other   hairdryers   and   the   cord   winder   works   very   well
it   was   great   while   it   lasted !   had   this   dryer   for   about   a   year   and   a   half   and   it   was   great   during   that   time .   dried   my   hair   well ,   left   it   shiny .   only   complaint   was   that   the   cord   was   somewhat   short .   worked   out   okay   for   me   as   my   outlet   in   the   bathroom   was   in   a   convenient   location .   i   used   the   concentrator   daily .   after   about   a   year   and   a   half   the   dryer   just   stopped   getting   hot ,   only   blew   cold   air .   decent   dryer   for   the   price   but   dont   expect   it   to   last   very   long   with   daily   use .
conair   1875   watt   hair   drier   i   ordered   this   hair   dryer   for   my   wife .   shipping   was   right   on   the   money   and   packaged   superbly   with   no   damage .   br   my   wife   loves   it .   if   she   loves   it   then   i   plumb   tickled !
revlon   rv484   pro   stylist   ionic   ceramic   1875w   hair   dryer   this   was   a   gift   to   my   mrs .   br   decent   dryer .   br   all   the   features   of   her   expiring   one .   br   very   good   price .   br   arrived   on   time   for   christmas .   br   excellent   packing   and   shipping .   br   runs   every   day   without   a   blip .
hair   dryer   i   chose   a   less   expensive   dryer   because   i   have   no   need   for   a   powerful   one .   it   serves   my   needs   well   with   just   the   basic   functions .
lion   s   mane ...   this   hair   dryer   is   awesome .   dries   my   hair   in   10   min .   and   leaves   it   smooth !   other   dryers   i   ve   tried   either   overheat   before   i   m   done   drying ,   or   take   at   least   double   the   time .   br   br   i   actually   had   to   order   one   for   my   mother   after   she   tried   mine .
a   seller   dries   my   hair   fast   and   love   the   cool   shot   button .   what   i   don   t   like   is   that   it   has   a   big   square   plug .
kinda   retractable   cord   does   not   completely   retract   as   i   originally   thought   it   still   hangs   out   of   the   dryer   by   about   a   foot .   but   it   still   works   great !
fantastic !   i   used   the   blow   dryer   for   the   first   time   tonight   and   i   love   love   love   it !   for   one   it   is   pretty   and   it   has   different   temperatures   you   can   choose   from ,   and   different   air   speeds .   my   hair   is   really   frizzy ,   and   the   blow   dryer   helped   to   de   frizz   my   hair .   love   it ! !
so   convenient !   i   take   this   hair   dryer   to   the   gym   with   me   in   my   gym   bag .   it   fits   perfectly ,   and   has   my   short   hair   dry   in   no   time .   it   also   gives   my   hair   some   volume   i   use   the   diffuser   .   it   s   sturdy ,   and   i   m   very   pleased   with   it .
frizzy   hair   no   more !   this   hair   dryer   is   a   life   saver !   i   have   long ,   thick ,   curly ,   frizzy   hair ,   and   this   product   is   the   cure   all !   takes   me   about   15   minutes   to   blow   dry   and   style   my   hair .   my   hair   dresser   recommended   this   product , and   she   was   spot   on !   highly   recommended !
the   style   it   is   unique   and   portable .   i   love   the   style ,   the   brand   and   by   using   it   my   hair   dries   quickly .   i   would   recommend   it   to   everyone   who   needs   a   blow   dryer .   thank   you
great   hair   dryer   for   the   money   this   is   a   good   ceramic   hair   dryer   for   the   money .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   bonus .   don   t   expect   a   20   dryer   to   last   forever   so   treat   it   gently   and   it   will   last   a   long   time .
it   works !   our   daughter   has   very   long   hair   and   sometimes   needs   to   be   dried .   she   likes   having   her   own   hair   dryer ,   and   this   model   is   not   expensive .   it   gets   the   job   done .   it   helps   that   she   likes   anything   with   hello   kitty   on   it .
bought   2   of   these ,   shipping   back   for   a   refund   i   really   liked   this   dryer   so   much   that   i   bought   a   second   one .   the   problem   with   both   dryers   is   that   after   about   18   months   of   use   both   have   started   shotting   sparks   out   once   they   get   heated   up .   if   you   have   your   receipt   you   can   ship   back   for   a   refund .   seems   it   is   a   known   issue   and   they   should   stop   selling   or   fix   the   issue .
perfect   for   me   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for ..... as   it   is   only   used   when   traveling   and   hair   is   short .   light   weight   and   folds   neatly .
love ,   love ,   love   it   it   gets   my   long   hair   dry   in   record   time   without   drying   it   out ! !   i   love   the   cool   down   button   as   well .
like   i   used   this   first   in   a   hotel   and   thought   it   blew   my   hair   dry   faster .   bought   for   home ,   still   love   but   wish   it   was   a   little   less   bulky .   a   little   heavy   and   hard   to   blow   the   back   with   a   round   brush   and   hold   onto   at   the   same   time .   but   it   drys   quick   and   i   still   like .   love   the   retractable   plug .
my   favorite   dryer ,   but   it   died   after   8   mos .   the   dryer   is   lightweight   and   very   easy   to   travel   with .   this   was   my   favorite   until   it   blew   with   normal   use .   suddenly   smoke   came   out .   i   turned   it   off ,   vacuumed   the   lint   that   wasn   t   very   bad .   flipped   the   red   safety   switch .   nothing   worked .   i   m   really   bummed .
love   it   really   like   the   hair   blower .   makes   my   hair   feel   soft   and   silky .. its   a   little   heavy   but   it   dries   your   hair   fast   do   its   no   problem
great   travel   dryer   i   bought   this   to   replace   an   older   model   of   the   same .   not   as   good   as   my   older   one   but   a   great   little   dryer   nonetheless .
not   recommended .   2   out   of   the   3   attachments   don   t   fit   the   dryer   very   cheap   end   of   what   i   know   andis   is   capable   of .   you   won   t   be   happy   with   this   if   you   re   looking   for   a   professional   grade   dryer .
it   fits   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   is   a   space   saver   in   the   small   bathroom .   and   for   a   condo   that   is   also   a   vacation   rental ,   this   works   very   well .   we   won   t   know   how   well   it   holds   up   over   time   until   we   get   34   over   time   34   .   but   for   now   looks   good ,   sounds   good ,   dries   well .
excellent   performance   dry   hair   extremely   quick   and   leave   hair   in   a   perfect   condition .   br   it   needs   less   about   half   time   than   other   hair   dryer .   br   and   the   hair   is   smooth   without   any   damage .   br   it   is   an   impressive   product .   br   br   cons   is   the   weight .   it   is   heavier   than   other   brands .   br   however   i   don   t   have   to   hold   it   for   too   long   since   it   dries   hair   super   quick ,   hence   the   weight   is   not   too   big   an   issue   to   me .
not   dual   voltage   bought   this   hairdryer   for   my   overseas   travel   needs ,   and   considering   that   the   features   of   being   foldable   and   having   a   retractable   cord   would   be   suitable   for   travelling ,   i   purchased   this   item   there   was   no   information   about   the   voltage   on   product   description ,   but   it   was   available   for   shipping   internationally   so   i   deduced   that   it   is   dual   voltage   .   amazon   shipped   this   item   to   singapore   220volts   .   once   i   tried   it   on ,   it   fried   my   adaptor   plug ,   and   the   hairdyer   stopped   working   too   after   2   seconds .   such   a   dissapointment !
gift   for   great   neice ...   and   she   just   loves   it .   not   only   does   she   like   hello   kitty ,   but   pink   is   her   34   very   mostest   favoritest   color   in   the   whole   world   34   as   she   puts   it .
great   dryer   mine   was   getting   quite   old   and   cranky   and   i   decided   time   for   a   new   one ,   this   has   hot   and   cold   setting ,   great   power   and   is   not   terribly   noisy .
powerful   and   requires   little   space !   my   husband   and   i   got   tired   of   having   a   blow   dryer   that   either   took   up   space   on   the   counter   or   got   pulled   off   the   counter   every   time   the   drawer   opened .   i   ordered   this   and   he   mounted   it   on   the   wall   under   a   towel   rack .   we   use   the   dryer   and   then   place   it   back   and   it   is   very   inconspicuous .
turbo   power   great   quality ,   easy   to   use ,   heats   up   fast   with   lots   of   power .   it   s   well   worth   the   money   invested   when   you   need   to   replace   your   outdated   blow   dryer .
great   dryer   it   worked   well   for   me ,   since   i   use   it   everyday .   no   complaints   on   this   product .   easy   to   use   and   handle
good   value !   works   well   so   far !   i   thought   i   d   give   it   a   try   since   it   was   a   fairly   low   price .   it   was   bigger   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   so   if   you   re   looking   for   something   to   travel   with ,   this   might   be   a   bit   too   big .   other   than   that ,   this   is   a   really   good   deal
great   heat   love   this   hair   dryer   and   it   provides   excellent   results   very   quiet   while   drying   and   i   can   finally   watch   tv   thank   you
great   present   my   daughter   wanted   an   drier   with   a   air   disperser   on   it .   this   was   exactly   what   they   she   wanted .   the   drier   works   exactly   as   stated .   the   only   issue   is   it   s   bulking   too   bad   you   can   t   fold   it .
item   arrived   obviously   used   this   dryer   arrived   in   an   34   icky   34   plastic   bag   inside   the   banged   up   product   box .   the   cord   was   unwrapped   and   stuffed   willy   nilly   inside   the   bag .   the   dryer   had   scratches   and   smudges   on   it .   it   had   obviously   been   used   and   returned .   there   was   no   instruction   manual   included ,   either .   the   dryer   may   be   a   good   dryer   but   i   didn   t   want   to   touch   an   obviously   used   personal   item .   i   am   just   appalled   that   such   a   product   was   sent   to   a   customer .   very   disappointed .
flawed   design   you   plug   it   in   and   it   blows   warm ,   almost   hot ,   air .   both   buttons   are   perfectly   placed   to   maximize   accidentally   turning   off   the   dryer   in   the   middle   of   a   blowout .   the   cord   becomes   so   twisted   and   tangled   that   you   won   t   be   able   to   get   a   foot   from   the   outlet   hey ,   you   ll   never   have   to   worry   about   dropping   it   in   the   tub !   .
easy   to   use   this   works   well   and   easy   for   me   to   hold   over   my   head   when   drying   my   hair .   the   night   light   is   almost   too   bright   and   there   is   no   off   on   switch   for   it ,   so   i   unplug   the   unit   when   i   don   t   want   the   light   in .   if   i   needed   a   dryer   for   the   gym   or   rv ,   i   would   choose   a   model   with   the   dryer   and   holder   as   separate   units   so   i   could   pack   only   the   dryer   alone .   as   the   unit   is   installed   in   my   bathroom ,   it   works   well   for   me   but   not   easy   to   take   anywhere   else .
nice   power ,   selection   of   settings   bought   two   of   these ,   one   for   each   bathroom .   i   like   the   controls   on   the   handle   and   the   ability   to   adjust   the   temperature   and   the   power   while   you   re   using   it .   my   husband ,   however ,   doesn   t   particularly   like   that   feature   i   guess   with   larger   hands   he   finds   himself   inadvertently   changing   the   settings   while   he   s   gripping   the   dryer .   i   also   like   three   temperature   settings ,   high ,   medium ,   and   cool .   too   many   dryers   i   ve   used   before   just   have   high   or   no   heat .   i   really   like   it   husband   is   just   ok   with   it .
andis   hair   dryer   good   hair   dryer ,   i   have   to   get   used   to   the   rectangle   shape   of   it   rather   than   being   round ,   it   s   a   little   bigger   than   i   would   like   but   works   great   and   has   3   heat   settings ,   and   3   comb   attachment   didn   t   care   for   the   comb   too   much .
five   stars   another   successful   product .
good   product !   product   showed   up   on   time   and   close   to   previous   conair   product   i   used .   met   all   expectations   and   was   very   happy .
it   costs   too   much   electricity   it   costs   too   much   electricity ! ! ! !   br   i   have   to   turn   off   all   the   lights   when   i   use   this   product ! ! ! !   br   it   is   quite   too   mass
love   it   i   had   always   wanted   a   ceramic   blow   dryer .   leaves   my   hair   smoother   and   less   flyaways .   great   product   for   the   money .
best   dryer   ever   made .   the   2000   watts   gives   it   the   blowing   power   needed   as   well   as   generous   air   intake   that   doesn   t   stifle   it   s   power .   the   heating   element   is   placed   far   enough   back   so   the   hair   doesn   t   get   burnt .   tough   i   ve   dropped   mine   several   times   and   it   s   still   up   40   blow   dries   a   week .   this   one   has   been   in   daily   service   for   a   year   and   probably   won   t   break   on   it   s   own   ...   leave   that   up   to   me   my   favorite   dryer   for   the   past   12   years .
it   s   a   hair   dryer .   it   works .   what   more   could   a   guy   want   let   s   face   it ,   i   m   a   guy .   i   use   a   hair   dryer   about   3   minutes   every   morning   when   i   get   out   of   the   shower .   i   don   t   need   tourmaline   gemstone   coated   heating   elements ,   i   don   t   need   salon   duty   roller   bearings ,   i   don   t   need   a   pink   gemstone   encrusted   handle .   br   br   i   need   something   that   blows   hot   air   out   the   front   when   you   press   the   switch ,   and   this   model   does   it .   works   fine ,   without   all   the   bells ,   whistles ,   and   gee   gaws ,   and   without   breaking   the   bank .   oh   and   it   s   blue .   a   good   guy   color .
blew   me   away   great   heat   and   strength   controls .   great   handling   to   style   hair .   i   have   had   numerous   conair   hair   dryers   over   my   lifetime   and   will   continue   to   purchase   them   due   to   ther   great   quality .
spend   less   time   drying   more   time   beautiful   my   wife   used   this   hair   dryer   at   the   heathman   hotel   in   portland   and   had   to   buy   them   for   our   vrbo   in   bend   or .   our   vrbo   304450   incase   you   want   to   try   the   hair   dryers ! ! !
great   value   dryer   is   light   weight   but   powerful .   a   lot   of   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   i   m   6   ft   tall   and   it   would   be   nice   if   the   cord   was   just   a   little   longer .
nice   dryer   this   is   the   second   one   i   have   purchased   and   will   continue   to   buy   product   as   long   as   they   make   it .   love   that   it   hangs   on   the   wall ,   the   shape   of   it   makes   it   easy   to   hold .
my   hair   looks   great   thanks   to   this   hairdryer .   lots   of   air ,   variable   temperature ,   light   weight   too .   every   feature   i   want   and   need .   great   price   too .
good   quality   but   returned   this   is   a   quality   hair   dryer ,   no   doubt   about   that .   but   in   my   search   to   replace   an   old   and   cheap   one ,   i   didn   t   consider   the   size   and   weight   of   these   newer ,   salon   quality   ones .   very   impressed   when   i   received   it ,   but   found   it   quite   heavy   and   loud ,   due   to   a   more   powerful   motor   w   multiple   features .   the   mid   heat   setting ,   which   i   was   really   looking   forward   to   having   only   unbearably   hot   on   my   prior   dryer   was   actually   pretty   cool   and   the   warm   setting   not   really   that   warm .   maybe   that   s   something   to   get   used   to ,   but   didn   t   seem   to   dry   my   hair   that   fast .   the   other   issue   for   me   was   simply   that   the   dryer   was   so   much   larger   that   it   wouldn   t   fit   in   my   vanity   drawer ,   and   with   no   other   storage   option ,   had   to   find   a   model   that   fit .
andis   hair   dryer   i   like   andis   hair   dryers   a   lot .   this   version   has   a   retractable   chord   and   a   folding   handle .   great   for   my   daughter   s   college   dorm   room   with   limited   space .   great   for   travel .   i   would   give   it   5   stars ,   but   it   has   limited   heated   selection .   wish   it   had   a   warm   setting ... instead   of   just   the   hot .   other   than   that ,   it   is   a   nice ,   powerful ,   convenient   dryer .
extremely   good   for   use   in   homes   i   installed   these   in   the   bathrooms   of   our   house .   no   more   hairdryers   on   the   counters ,   tangled   cords ,   etc .   no   replacing   the   portable   units   every   year .   only   wish   is   i   had   done   this   10   years   ago .
powerful   indeed   this   thing   really   pack   a   punch .   perhaps   they   have   to   make   the   outlet   diameter   larger   than   others   so   the   wind   pressure   isn   t   too   great   on   the   head   and   hair .   this   thing   isn   t   slim   but   not   too   big   nor   too   heavy .   my   just   turn   teen   daughter   like   it   and   find   it   not   too   big   or   heavy .   br   br   from   out   many   broken   hair   dryers   ceramic   is   certainly   heat   more   even   than   non   ceramic   ones .   but   since   we   mainly   use   it   to   dry   rather   than   style ,   i   m   not   sure   fancy   ceramic   is   really   better   than   ceramic .   there   is   only   one   rocker   button   for   cool   turbo .   the   other   buttons   are   large   slide   buttons   so   you   can   t   accidentally   change   the   settings .   the   finish   is   quality   hard   glossy   plastic .   i   will   not   buy   non   slip   rubbery   finishes   again   as   they   degenerate   in   no   time .   br   br   so   far   so   good   for   a   couple   of   months .   but   i   think   they   realized   that   they   made   a   big   mistake   by   not   marketing   it   only   to   salons ,   with   a   price   to   match .   i   would   love   to   have   another   one   to   replace   my   daughter   s   broken   one   but   now   it   sells   for   10   times   the   price   i   paid .
love   this   blowdryer !   great   product !   i   would   recommend   for   anyone .   i   had   no   issues   with   it ,   and   it   does   it   does   fight   the   frizz !   have   been   through   so   many   blowdryers   and   i   have   to   say   this   is   the   best   blowdryer   i   have   ever   owned .
gets   the   job   done   quickly ..   inexpensive   and   does   exactly   what   you   need   it   to ... my   hair   is   about   shoulder   length   and   it   dries   it   within   about   five   minutes   which   is   great !   it   can   be   loud   on   the   higher   setting   but   most   hair   dryers   are .   i   recommend   it !
light   and   quiet   fast   my   old   ionic   dryer   was   dying   i   liked   that   this   one   featured   an   34   on   demand   34   ion   option ,   and   other   reviewers   vouched   for   its   quiet .   i   am   using   it   now   for   a   few   months ,   and   it   is   really   a   great   dryer .   it   is   light ,   balanced ,   and   easy   to   handle .   i   like   that   you   can   switch   the   ion   on   off ,   and   that   heat   air   settings   are   completely   adjustable .   and   it   really ,   really   is   quiet .   it   does   what   is   says   it   does ,   and   it   is   worth   the   .   also   shipped   quickly .   makes   you   hair   shiny   and   fires   very   quickly .
missing   a   button ,   but   i   didn   t   need   it   after   all   this   drier   is   perfect   for   what   i   need .   i   can   now   dry   my   hair   in   10   minutes   by   just   sitting   there ,   instead   of   40   minutes   with   a   hand   held   drier .   it   has   a   temperature   control   and   a   timer ,   but   it   does   not   have   a   switch   to   control   the   wind   speed ,   as   was   listed   in   the   description .   the   speed   control   switch   was   even   on   the   diagram   that   came   packaged   with   it ,   but   it   was   not   on   the   drier .   despite   this ,   i   am   keeping   the   product   and   am   very   happy   with   the   results   i   am   getting .   one   thing   to   note   is   that   there   is   some   assembly   required   for   the   stand ,   and   there   were   no   instructions   included .   i   managed   to   put   it   together   just   using   the   diagram ,   but   if   this   is   not   your   strong   point ,   enlist   help .
great   hair   dryer !   i   bought   this   for   my   family   and   we   all   just   love   it !   the   cord   is   a   little   on   the   shorter   side ,   but   the   dryer   itself   works   great   and   dries   the   hair   very   fast !   worth   the   .
good   love   the   hair   dryer   easy   to   carry   and   take   with   me   on   the   go .   great   so   far .   really   like   it   a   lot .
i   love   this   hair   dryer   use   it   at   home   as   your   34   go   to   34   hairdryer   or   bring   it   with   you   on   trips .   so   light   easy   with   lots   of   power .   love   the   color   too !
love   it   this   blow   dryer   is   super   i   would   really   recommend   it   to   anybody   looking   for   a   blow   dryer ,   thank   you   diane   heuring
great   price   this   is   a   very   nice   dryer .   i   had   one   and   when   my   daughter   in   law   used   it ,   she   wanted   one   too .   we   are   both   very   satisfied .
wife   loves   it   got   this   for   my   wife   so   i   m   not   the   end   user .   but   from   my   observation ,   this   hair   dryer   was   much   quieter   than   her   old   one .   it   also   did   the   job   much   faster .   the   only   reason   i   can   t   give   it   five   stars   was   that   the   documentation   was   very   sparse .   there   are   a   couple   of   features   that   would   benefit   greatly   if   it   came   with   a   manual   to   explain   it .   i   ended   up   having   to   google   to   find   out   what   they   do .   br   br   overall ,   a   very   good   product .   my   wife   would   recommend   it !
good   but   heavy !   its   good   but   its   heavy   and   it   will   tired   you   out   really   fast   so   be   quick   and   efficient .   also   it   gets   kinda   hot   too   so   you   wanna   be   double   quick !   or   just   stop ,   and   wait   a   few   if   you   re   heat   conscious   like   me .
very   powerful ,   dries   hair   much   quicker   great   product .   dries   hair   much   faster   than   previous   less   expensive   dryers   which   stop   working   after   a   year .   attachments   weren   t   in   box   and   merchant   had   excellent   customer   service .   would   buy   again   product   from   merchant   again .   very   happy .   healthier   hair .
defective   product   the   cool   air   button   doesn   t   work   at   all .   br   other   buttons   are   all   right   but   i   am   not   satisfied   with   the   product .
junk   this   thing   is   junk .   got   it   for   my   wife   after   her   other   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   died .   she   hates   it .   not   enough   power .
hangup   hair   dryer   this   is   a   very   nice   dryer   and   actually   the   second   one   we   have   had .   we   wore   out   the   first   one   after   many   years   of   daily   use .   my   only   complaint ,   and   it   is   a   small   one ,   is   the   night   light   is   too   bright .   it   needs   to   be   toned   down   a   little .   other   that   that   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer .
love   it   love   this   dryer !   pretty   color   and   i   am   absolutely   digging   the   retractable   cord !   works   perfectly !   i   read   that   some   folks   were   not   happy   with   the   length   of   the   cord   but   i   found   it   to   be   more   than   long   enough   for   me .   im   not   sure   why   you   would   need   it   any   longer .   very   satisfied   customer !
love   it   !   this   is   my   favorite   hair   dryer   by   far .   i   have   thick   hair   and   it   takes   a   while   for   it   to   dry   this   blow   dryer   cuts   that   time   in   half .   when   i   m   done   the   finished   look   is   amazing   my   hair   is   shiny   and   healthy   looking   i   have   received   many   compliments   on   how   shiny   my   hair   is .   i   defiantly   recommend   this !   i   am   a   product   guru   i   v   tried   many   different   straightener   blows ,   curling   irons   and   of   course   blow   dryers   and   i   am   very   satisfied   with   the   results
great   blow   dryer   i   would   definitely   recommend   i   am   african   american   and   my   hair   is   natural .   this   blow   dryer   gets   my   hair   straight   without   the   extra   hassle   plus   the   comb   attachment   makes   it   super   easy .
great   price   and   great   product   i   buy   cheap .   i   don   t   need   anything   fancy ,   just   something   that   gets   the   job   done .   this   works   great !   gets   at   right   temperature   comes   with   attachments .   it   s   better   than   a   30   one   my   sister   bought .
dual   voltage   fail   i   bought   it   to   use   in   italy .   it   worked   for   a   day ,   then   the   motor   burned   out .   i   don   t   think   the   adapter   is   up   to   the   job ,   the   description   is   wrong .
good   dryer   this   dryer   has   plenty   of   power   and   is   not   too   loud .   haven   t   used   it   alot   yet   but   so   far   i   really   like   it .
love   my   bedhead .....   i   love   my   bed   head   ! ! ! ! ! ! !   this   hair   dryer   does   what   it   says , works   great .   gets   hot .   i   did   notice   that   it   does   make   my   hair   shiny .   great   find   at   an   awesome   price .
does   a   great   job .   i   ordered   this   dryer   to   replace   a   34   vidal   sassoon   34   branded   hot   comb   dryer   that   had   served   me   well   for   many   years .   i   wanted   it   because   i   really   like   the   34   hot   comb   34   style .   after   receiving   it   and   noting   the   similarities   with   my   old   unit   i   would   bet   that   andis   manufactured   the   dryer   for   vidal   sassoon .   not   only   was   the   design   almost   identical ,   but   the   comb   and   brush   attachments   were   identical   and ,   in   fact ,   would   interchange   perfectly   with   my   old   unit .   if   that   is   the   case ,   this   one   should   also   last   for   many   trouble   free   years .   it   does   have   one   design   feature   that   caused   some   initial   confusion .   the   unit   has   three   heat   settings   but   there   are   only   two   fan   speeds .   the   fan   operates   at   the   same   speed   on   both   medium   and   high   heat   settings   which   makes   it   appear   that   the   switch   is   not   doing   anything .   a   check   with   my   ammeter   revealed ,   however ,   that   the   electrical   load   does   increase   a   few   amps   and   the   air   does   get   hotter   in   the   high   position .   i   am   not   saying   that   this   is   any   kind   of   a   problem ,   but   i   just   thought   it   unusual   since   my   old   one   had   three   fan   speeds .   br   br   i   would   personally   question   the   part   about   the   34   ionic   34   feature   34   breaking   up   water   molecules   34   to   accelerate   drying   but   the   ad   writers   gotta   have   something   to   do .   br   br   at   any   rate ,   it   was   just   what   i   was   looking   for   and   does   a   great   job .
good   product ,   but   not   thrilled   with   the   new   version   i   purchased   this   blow   dryer   to   replace   one   that   had   gone   out   on   me ... the   dryer   that   was   sent   to   me   must   be   a   new   version   of   the   same   product ... it   is   now   a   black   purple   dryer   versus   the   red   one   pictured .   although   i   got   a   little   excited   when   i   opened   the   box   black   and   purple   are   my   favorite   colors ,   once   i   turned   on   the   dryer ,   i   felt   the   difference .   it   doesn   t   have   as   much   power   as   my   old   dryer .   the   34   turbo   34   on   the   old   one   felt   like   i   was   in   a   wind   storm ,   which   is   exactly   what   it   takes   to   dry   my   long   hair .   on   the   new   version ,   there   is   hardly   any   34   blow   34   on   the   regular   setting ,   and   the   34   turbo   34   setting   only   increases   it   a   little .   my   quest   for   a   fast   dry   time   blow   dryer   continues ....
quality   dryer   that   will   last   like   all   the   twin   turbo   dryers ,   this   one   is   built   to   last .   the   dryer   feels   solid   and   the   materials   are   high   quality ,   it   s   also   much   lighter   than   my   3200   and   smaller   .   i   m   an   editorial   stylist   and   i   m   hard   on   my   tools   but   my   twin   turbos   always   last   for   years   and   they   re   repairable   .   a   few   things   to   mention ,   the   nozzles   on   my   dryer   are   very   hard   to   get   on   and   hard   to   rotate   when   in   place   perhaps   they   just   need   to   break   in   also   this   dryer   has   a   shorter   34   snout   34   much   like   the   3500 ,   so   if   you   re   used   to   having   a   more   traditional   dryer   like   the   2700   or   3200   it   will   take   a   bit   of   getting   used   to .   very   nice   dryer   with   great   hot   air   output ,   the   best   as   far   as   i   m   concerned .
works   great   this   hair   dryer   is   light ,   but   powerful .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   but   doesn   t   dry   it   out .   i   m   very   happy   with   it .
great   blow   dryer   for   natural   curly   hair   i   don   t   use   a   blow   dryer   often ,   but   with   a   new   short   cut   i   found   i   needed   to   this   blow   dryer   does   wonders   in   a   short   time   with   my   curls ....   i   use   the   diffuser   attachment   that   came   with   it .   super .
exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   love   the   weight   and   size   but   mainly   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   so   was   very   happy   w   the   diffuser .
a   terrific   dryer   i   would   highly   recommend   this   dryer .   it   frees   up   space   on   my   counter   since   it   is   a   hang   up ,   and   yet   has   great   blowing   power .   and   the   night   light   is   a   great   plus !   no   need   to   have   a   separate   night   light   to   take   up   valuable   outlet   space   there   is   never   enough   outlets   in   a   bathroom   .
stopped   working   after   4   months   this   worked   great ,   while   it   worked .   i   only   had   it   four   months   before   it   stopped   working .   the   two   speeds   became   one   which   was   slower   than   the   low   setting .   of   course ,   i   was   past   the   date   to   return   or   exchange ,   so   i   am   back   to   buying   a   new   one .   not   worth   it ,   unless   you   only   need   a   hairdryer   for   4   months .
does   the   trick ...   even   though   this   is   a   34   professional   34   style   pistol   hair   dryer   it   s   not   full   sized   it   s   medium   sized   .   br   it   s   best   suited   for   shorter   hair   styles ,   otherwise   it   may   take   longer   hair   longer   to   dry   due   to   less   air   flow   and   it   s   1600   wattage   but   it   s   still   pretty   powerful   for   a   medium   dryer   .   br   it   s   light   weigh   and   has   a   matte   finish .
cord   keeper   joke   after   only   2   weeks   of   once   a   day   use   the   cord   will   not   stay   extended .   solution   was   to   pull   it   all   the   way   out   and   tie   a   knot   in   the   cord .   br   conair   products   are   now   on   my   personal   black   list .
so   far .... wonderful !   this   is   the   first   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   that   did   not   leave   my   hair   smelling   like   smoke .   i   am   a   black   woman   with   natural   hair   absolutely   no   chemicals   nor   weave   and   my   hair   is   more   susceptible   to   dryness   and   breakage .   therefore ,   it   is   extremely   important   for   me   to   be   extra   sensitive   and   mindful   to   the   type   of   products   i   use   on   my   hair .   this   dryer   did   not   pull   my   hair   out ,   no   burnt   smell   and   i   didn   t   mind   the   sound   quality ,   afterall   it   is   a   hair   dryer   not   a   fan .   the   only   negative   i   have   is   that   the   buttons   can   easily   be   depressed   while   blow   drying   your   hair .   so   you   may   have   to   double   check   a   few   times   as   i   did   to   make   certain   you   are   using   the   right   temperature   on   your   hair .   here   is   a   tip   i   learned ,   when   planning   on   using   hot   curlers ,   flat   irons   etc .   please   cool   your   hair   down   first   the   cool   shot   button   truly   does   help   and   use   a   non   buildup   non   oily   heat   treatment .   the   more   natural   and   or   organic   the   better .   wait   at   least   10   minutes   or   longer   before   proceeding   to   styling .   heat   from   the   dryer   with   immediate   usage   of   other   heat   sources   can   cause   stress   and   unnecessary   damage   or   more   damage   to   your   scalp   and   hair .   also ,   when   using   the   pik ,   if   you   come   in   contact   with   a   tangle ,   please   do   not   force   the   pik   thru .   you   will   tear   your   hair   apart .   use   your   fingers   or   a   detangler   comb   to   separate   the   tangle ,   then   proceed   in   continuing   drying .
very   powerful   i   probably   do   not   need   all   this   power ,   but   there   is   a   low   setting   so   that   makes   it   better .   it   fits   my   space   very   well
works   great   it   does   everything   a   good   dryer   should   do .   the   retractable   cord   doesn   t   work   as   well   as   it   should   unfortunately   but   can   be   managed .
great   power   fast   drying   with   lots   of   shine   i   was   first   introduced   to   this   hair   dryer   at   a   5   star   hotel   i   stayed   at   it   dries   hair   fast   with   lots   of   shine .
portable   dryer   good ,   handy .   easy   to   use .   small   enough   to   put   in   suitcase   when   traveling .   takes   up   very   little   space   when   storing ..
good   enough   this   was   easy   to   assemble .   it   feels   sturdy .   everything   works   as   it   should .   the   only   drawback   is   that   all   the   air   blows   from   the   top ,   not   the   sides ,   so   my   hair   dries   unevenly .   also ,   the   hood   is   rather   long   and   skinny ,   so   there   isn   t   much   room   to   move   or   use   curlers ,   if   you   ever   wanted   to .
great   product   price   this   just   arrived   and   i   ve   used   it   only   once   but   my   first   impression   was   good .   it   dried   my   hair   which   has   natural   waves   and   can   be   difficult   to   dry   style   quickly   and   seemed   more   powerful   than   my   last   one .
great   product !   it   is   really   powerful ,   my   wife   love   it !   it   dries   real   fast   your   hair   and   the   price   is   excellent !   recommended !
powerfull   ,   well   priced   had   surgery   on   my   hand   so   i   needed   something   light   weight ,   yet   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   very   long   thick   hair .   took   a   chance   and   was   surprised   that   the   dryer   was   both   !   excellent   price   as   well .   i   am   buying   another   one   for   my   daughter   in   law .
great ! ! ! ! !   this   hair   dryer   is   everything   that   i   could   have   expected .   the   diffuser   is   perfect   for   my   curly   hair .   it   dries   quickly   and   efficiently .   plus ,   i   love   the   controls .   i   m   61 ,   and   my   hair   has   become   quite   thin .   this   dryer   really   volumizes   and   gives   my   hair   the   perfect   curl .   a   must   buy .
it   does   the   job   pretty   good   hair   dryer   my   dad   inlaw   sometimes   uses   it   to   dry   his   clothes   if   that   means   anything   and   it   hasn   t   burnt   out   yet .
performs   like   a   more   expensive   product   lots   of   settings ,   strong   air   flow ,   there   s   not   much   to   dislike   about   this .   the   nozzle   is   a   bit   long ,   making   it   slightly   unwieldy ,   but   other   than   that   it   s   fantastic .
perfect   it   is   exactly   what   i   needed !   it   dries   and   smooths   my   long ,   wavy ,   curly   hair .   also   very   easy   to   handle .
basic   travel   dryer   other   than   the   retracting   cord   which   is   cool   this   is   a   pretty   basic   dryer .   but   i   returned   it   because   the   retracting   mechanism   feels   and   sounds   like   it   won   t   last   long ,   and   it   just   looks   a   little   too   cheap .   i   m   happy   with   the   replacement   the   babylisspro   tt   for   only   a   little   more   looks   nicer ,   feels   nicer ,   works   nicer ,   and   is   lighter .
great   investment   i   didn   t   fully   appreciate   this   dryer   until   i   broke   it   and   i   was   without   it   for   a   few   days .   it   dries   fast   and   gets   really   hot .   extra   help   is   its   long   cord .   i   don   t   have   the   frizz   like   i   had   before .   watch   carley   babel   on   youtube   on   how   to   blow   out   your   hair ,   she   is   such   a   help .
better   than   any   others !   i   have   spent   lots   of   money   on   expensive   hair   dryers ,   and   this   one   is   by   far   the   best   i   ve   ever   used .
great   hair   dryer .   this   is   my   second   one   of   these   each   of   my   daughters   wanted   one .   my   daughters   and   their   mother   say   they   get   great   results   everytime .
hair   dryer   this   was   a   gift   to   my   daughter .   loves   the   pink   color ,   works   great   she   has   used   the   hair   dryer   everyday   since   she   has   received   it .
works   as   described   other   reviews   stated   it   was   to   hot .   not   for   me .   gets   warm   but   i   could   not   call   it   hot .   br   br   recommend
great   i   am   able   to   dry   my   hair   faster ,   this   dryer   is   simple ,   powerful   and   it   s   easy   to   handle !   love   it !
love   love   love   i   just   got   me   new   blow   dryer   and   i   love   it .   it   is   so   quite   and   it   dry   s   my   hair   in   half   the   time   of   my   old   one ,   i   also   love   that   the   cord   winds   right   up .
finally   a   blow   dyrer   that   gets   the   job   done .   i   have   very   thick   hair   that   requires   a   lot   of   heat .   the   andis   1875   watt   provided   that   and   what   would   normally   take   about   30   minutes   only   took   15 .   the   comb   attachment   is   heavy   duty   and   durable .   i   dropped   it   on   the   floor   twice   before   using   it   and   it   remained   intact .   i   will   say   the   dryer   is   on   the   heavy   side   but   i   didn   t   care   because   i   d   finally   found   a   professional   grade ,   affordable ,   and   durable   hair   dryer .
it   is   what   i   want   similar   to   some   reviewers ,   initially   i   became   fond   of   this   specific   type   of   hair   dryer   when   i   was   lodging   in   a   hotel .   the   hair   dryer   has   several   combinations   of   blowing   temperature   and   speed .   i   like   the   fact   that   its   lowest   wind   level   is   low   enough ,   unlike   some   of   the   hair   dryers   on   the   market   which   are   way   too   power   even   set   on   the   lowest   switch .   i   found   this   item   on   amazon   and   the   price   is   unbeatable .   recommend .
perfect   size   lots   of   power   i   think   this   blow   dryer   is   stronger   than   my   full   size   blow   dryer .   it   is   just   the   perfect   size   and   the   folding   handle   is   great .   i   looked   a   long   time   for   a   good   brand ,   reliable   compact   dryer   with   a   folding   handle .   so   glad   i   spotted   this   one   on   amazon .   this   dryer   and   a   compact   flat   iron   are   the   perfect   pair .
great   hairdryer   i   purchased   this   hairdryer   after   the   last   one   which   was   just   like   this   one   died .   i   love   that   it   is   a   wall   mount   and   is   out   of   the   way   and   not   a   hairdryer   laying   on   the   counter .   i   also   like   that   it   is   quieter   than   most   hairdryers .   it   is   not   a   34   turbo   34   type   dryer .   i   have   shorter   hair   so   it   is   works   well   but   if   i   had   really   long   hair   i   might   would   consider   a   stronger   one .   i   also   like   the   night   light   on   it .   it   is   not   a   really   bright   light ,   but   just   enough   to   shed   light   to   walk   into   the   bathroom   without   bumping   into   things   and   not   have   to   turn   a   light   on .
great   hair   dryer   great   dryer   with   a   lot   of   power .   quick   drying   hair .   i   love   it   and   would   recommend   to   anyone .   very   satisfied .
great   this   is   a   great   hair   blower   and   i   can   t   believe   how   good   it   is   for   the   price !   don   t   know   why   one   would   get   a   more   expensive   one .
pinkness   this   hair   dryer   is   not   very   big   which   is   just   fine   with   me .   i   am   a   short   person   with   small   hands   so   it   fits   comfortably   in   my   hand   and   it   is   also   light   weight .   vivid   dark   pink   with   2   attachments   that   i   use   a   lot .   the   auto   cord   reel   is   genius ! ! !   a   bonus .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used   this   thing   is   so   fantastic ,   seriously .   i   m   tempted   to   buy   another   and   just   stash   it   in   the   closet   in   case   it   discontinues   before   i   need   a   new   one .   it   dries   my   hair   so   quickly   and   leaves   it   smoother   than   i   ve   ever   experienced   from   a   dryer .   i   m   notorious   for   showering   at   night   simply   so   that   i   don   t   have   to   bother   with   drying   my   hair   because   it   takes   too   much   time   in   the   mornings ,   but   this   dryer   makes   what   is   generally   a   lengthy   and   annoying   process   a   quick ,   simple   thing .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   huge   plus ,   the   folding   neck   is   a   plus ,   i   really   just   can   t   say   enough   good   things   about   this   dryer .   especially   for   the   price !   buy   it .
burns   out   fast ...   i   purchased   this   dryer   in   august   2013 .   february   14th   the   heater   element   burnt   out .   very   short   life   but   great   when   it   worked .   wondering   how   to   return   or   replace  
great   dryer   this   dryer   is   average   size   nothing   compact   about   it ..   and   it   s   not   as   warm   as   my   normal   one   but   it   does   fold   up   and   i   love   the   cord   i   usually   turn   it   on   high   for   a   few   seconds   just   so   it   will   warm   up   a   bit   but   the   high   is   to   strong   to   dry   my   bangs   and   hair   so   i   turn   it   down   to   med .
hard   to   use   i   was   pleased   when   i   first   received   this   dryer .   but   after   struggling   with   it   i   now   realize   it   is   a   bust .   the   flexible   tube   fits   into   the   bonnet   with   such   a   tiny   turn   that   it   is   impossible   to   keep   the   tube   there .   you   must   hold   onto   the   tube   or   it   falls   out .   and   it   gets   so   hot   it   is   difficult   to   hold .   i   thought   it   would   get   easier   to   use   after   a   few   tries   but   it   is   hopeless .   i   hope   no   one   else   gets   conned   into   buying   this .   if   it   hadn   t   been   for   struggling   with   some   surgery   i   would   have   returned   this   long   ago .
excellent   great   power   and   portability !   size   is   not   too   small   or   too   large .   i   would   recommend   if   you   want   a   powerful   travel   dryer .
very   pleased   with   dryer .   i   was   very   impressed   with   the   color   black   and   the   nightlight   will   come   in   handy   at   night   time .   it   was   easy   to   install .
stop   looking   and   buy   this ! ! !   after   going   on   vacation   and   this   blow   dryer   being   in   my   hotel   room ,   i   found   out   which   model   it   was   and   immediately   bought   it   online !   it   is   the   best   hair   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   owned ,   i   love   it   still   going   strong   2   years   later .   i   am   samoan ,   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   and   it   gets   done   in   less   than   10   minutes .   thank   you ! !
i   like   it   works   well ,   priced   right ,   but   the   attachment   bracket   almost   makes   it   is   34   permanent   34   attachment   to   your   wall .   try   to   remove   it   and   something   will   break .
yeppity   yep   i   was   looking   for   a   hair   dryer   that   was   cheaper ,   but   made   well .   this   has   fit   the   bill .   i   m   a   guy   and   decided   i   could   manage   my   hair   a   few   ways   with   a   hairdryer ,   if   i   chose .   i   didn   t   want   to   burn   my   hair   out   or   have   something   too   feminine   or   fancy   sitting   in   my   bathroom   closet .   this   is   simple   and   sleek .   it   sounds   like   a   hair   dryer .
i   always   trust   sassoon   this   particular   dryer   is   very   powerful ,   yet   lighter   weight   than   others   i   ve   owned .   it   s   very   easy   to   handle ,   has   several   settings   available ,   and   the   accessories   are   easy   to   attach .   my   only   criticism   is   that   the   concentrator   is   remains   stationary   which   means   i   must   turn   the   dryer   to   direct   the   flow   of   air ,   but   it   s   not   a   big   issue .   am   making   a   recommendation   to   the   company   to   make   the   change .
love   it   this   is   a   super   blow   dry   i   ever   see ,   br   its   fast   and   strong , save   a   lot   of   time   to   dry   my   client   hair   br   i   wish   they   could   made   this   blow   dry   a   featherweight   in   the   fulture   br   thanks
a   little   better   than   okay   this   is   an   ok   hair   dryer .   i   had   a   previous   model   and   it   lasted   for   a   very   long   time .   my   only   real   complaint   is   that   i   think   it   should   get   hotter   on   the   high   setting .
great   for   drying   and   deep   conditioning   i   have   very   curly ,   color   treated   hair   that   gets   too   curly   and   frizzy   when   dried   with   a   diffuser .   this   dryer   is   perfect   to   dry   my   hair   and   do   deep   conditioning   treatments .   i   usually   let   my   hair   air   dry ,   which   can   take   2   hours !   with   the   dryer ,   i   put   it   on   cool   for   about   25   30   minutes   while   i   return   emails ,   and   i   m   good   to   go !   i   like   the   ability   to   roll   it   around   as   well   as   the   temp   and   timer   dials .   shipping   was   very   fast !   i   ve   used   it   about   3   times   per   week   for   a   couple   of   weeks ,   and   so   far   so   good !
works   good   works   really   good ..   thought   it   was   bigger   though ..   it   has   a   small   nozzle .   but   it   definitely   gets   the   job   done .
awesome   very   good !   i   use   it   everyday ,   and   it   has   worked   very   well   for   5   months .   the   price   is   attractive !   the   protective   switch   is   convenient .
don   t   let   the   cheap   price   fool   ya   i   was   in   need   of   a   new   hair   dryer   after   mine   broke   and   i   discovered   that   they   don   t   make   it   anymore .   i   purchased   a   hairdryer   at   a   local   beauty   supply   chain ,   thinking   that   it   would   work   about   as   well   as   my   dearly   departed   one .   wrong !   it   left   my   hair   feeling   very   dry ,   in   spite   of   the   product   i   use   on   my   hair   prior   to   blowing   it   dry .   i   was   going   to   invest   in   a   chi ,   but   after   reading   mostly   negative   reviews   on   that   model ,   i   decided   to   save   my   money   and   get   this   andis   hair   dryer .   i   have   very   thick ,   coarse ,   long   hair   4   inches   past   my   shoulders   ,   and   i   m   transitioning   from   relaxer   to   natural .   i   have   about   3   4   inches   of   new   growth ,   and   the   rest   is   still   relaxed ,   so   straighter   styles   work   for   the   time   being .   this   hair   dryer   is   everything !   not   only   was   it   easy   on   the   wallet ,   it   gets   my   hair   dry   super   quickly ,   while   not   sucking   all   of   the   moisture   out   of   my   hair .   it   takes   less   than   20   minutes   to   dry   my   hair ,   which   is   quicker   than   even   my   original   blow   dryer ,   and   gets   my   roots   pretty   straight   i   use   the   small   tooth   comb   attachment   .   it   s   easy   to   hold   and   gets   hot   without   burning   my   scalp .   coupled   with   my   sedu   flat   iron ,   my   hair   is   almost   salon   quality ,   super   soft   and   shiny !   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   with   the   same   hair   texture   as   me .   i   am   very   pleased !
meh ...   yes ,   it   was   dirt   cheap ,   but   my   wife   reports   it   s   not   that   great .   apparently   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   other   models ,   and   the   air   it   pushes   is   just   so   so ,   so   it   takes   longer   to   work .
conair   124tl   folding   handle   1875   watt   dryer   conair   124tl   folding   handle   1875   watt   dryer   great   item ,   fast   drying .   great   colors .   i   do   have   several   other   dryers   that   i   end   up   giving   away   or   trash   them   they   are   way   to   big   and   heavy ,   so   this   is   just   right
most   annoying   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .   i   bought   this   at   target   without   looking   up   reviews ...   mistakes   were   made .   br   br   by   far ,   this   has   been   the   most   annoying   hair   dryer   i   ve   owned .   and   trust   me ,   when   it   comes   to   a   product   you   re   going   to   be   using   almost   everyday ,   you   do   not   want   it   to   be   annoying .   br   br   1   stiff   buttons   the   buttons   are   flush   with   the   surface   of   the   handle ,   and   they   re   intended   to   be   slid   up   and   down .   unfortunately ,   they   re   incredibly   stiff   and   difficult   to   move .   i   have   to   use   my   fingernail   every   time   which   is   irritating   and   uncomfortable   ,   and   even   then   i   often   have   to   fidget   wiggle   it   around .   sometimes   it   takes   a   couple   of   tries .   br   br   2   attachment   falls   off   oh   man .   ugh .   i   use   the   concentrator   attachment ,   and   seriously ,   the   touch   of   a   feather   is   enough   to   knock   that   thing   off   the   dryer .   literally   every   time   it   falls   off   in   the   middle   of   use .   if   not   once ,   then   twice ,   sometimes   even   three   times .   the   worst   part   is   that ,   once   it   falls   off ,   it   then   bounces   around   the   bathroom ,   making   a   huge   clattering   ruckus ,   before   finally   landing   somewhere .   this   seems   to   happen   most   often   when   other   people   are   still   asleep   and   i   m   trying   to   be   quiet .   my   boyfriend   is   always   highly   amused   at   the   that   comes   out   of   my   mouth   when   this   happens .   br   br   and   now ,   after   about   a   year   of   frequent   use ,   the   dryer   has   begun   to   make   loud   sparking   noises .   no   visible   sparks ,   just   the   sound ...   but   i   m   not   about   to   wait   for   actual   fire   before   i   toss   this .   i   d   like   to   keep   my   hair ,   thanks .   i   m   already   shopping   for   another   one .   honestly ,   i   m   not   even   that   put   out .   it   s   a   relief .   br   br   the   one   thing   i   liked   about   the   dryer   was   its   compactness   because   of   the   retracting   cord   and   folding   handle ,   it   took   up   little   space   in   my   bathroom .
not   as   powerful   as   i   thought   this   hairdryer   isn   t   as   powerful   as   i   thought   it   would   be .   i   have   cheaper   ones   from   target   that   blow   more   air .   i   got   it   for   the   cool   air   switch   and   it   does   work   fine .
get   it   using   for   personal   use   recommended   by   my   hairstylist .   worth   the   price !   dries   quickly   but   doesn   t   dry   out   your   hair .   noticable   difference   from   any   other   hair   dryer .   i   like   to   get   my   hair   dried   fast !
nice   product   just   what   we   were   looking   for   .   compact   light   and   functional .   haven   t   used   it   yet   but   seems   to   be   what   i   wanted .   good   quality   of   manufacture ,   just   what   the   dr .   ordered .
works   ok ,   but   kinda   whiny .   this   dryer   has   good   air   velocity ,   but   the   air   isn   t   as   warm   as   i   would   like   it   to   be .   also   it   has   a   higher   pitch   whine   than   i   would   have   expected   for   a   dryer   of   this   size .   i   have   a   little   portable   dryer   and   this   one   sounds   almost   identical .   i   do   love   the   retractable   cord .   it   s   nice   not   having   a   bunch   of   loose   cord   everywhere .   i   also   like   that   it   folds   down   to   a   smaller   size   for   packing   away .
love   it !   lets   just   say ... i   no   longer   need   to   go   to   the   hair   salon   to   get   my   hair   done .   it   dries   your   hair   super   fast   and   its   not   heavy   to   use .   br   in   the   beginning   i   had   to   get   use   to   using   it   but   after   a   few   tries   i   mastered   blowing   out   my   hair   just   like   they   do   in   the   hair   salon .   i   highly   recommended ! ! !
good   dryer   for   the   price   it   s   a   powerful   little   dry   and   it   comes   with   a   lot   of   attachable   heads   if   your   the   type   to   use   it .   br   it   gets   pretty   hot   on   the   hottest   setting   and   in   fact   will   turn   off   by   itself   if   it   overheats ,   turning   itself   back   on   later   once   it   s   cooled .   br   dries   well   and   is   definitely   better   than   my   old   lower   watt   conair .
everything   expected   i   defrost   my   freezer   with   it ,   i   thawed   out   my   car   doors   with   itr .   i   live   in   a   humid   part   of   the   country   where   a   towel   doesn   t   quite   get   the   job   done   so   i   use   it   for   that .   i   even   dey   my   hair   with   it
really   nice   hair   dryer   i   would   have   given   it   5   stars ,   but   the   toggle   switches   for   speed   and   heat   are   located   where   you   grip   the   handle ,   as   you   can   see   from   the   picture ,   and   i   m   constantly   turning   the   heat   back   up   because   i   ve   hit   the   switch   while   drying   my   hair .   lots   of   cool   attachments   i   haven   t   tried   yet .
mid   heat   setting   is   too   cool   i   have   curly   hair   and   in   order   to   dry   it   without   frying   it ,   i   like   to   use   a   diffuser ,   a   low   fan   setting   and   a   mid   heat   setting .   this   hair   dryer   claims   to   have   all   of   that ,   but   the   34   warm   34   heat   setting   is   so   cool   that   i   have   to   use   34   hot   34   if   i   ever   want   my   hair   to   actually   dry .   the   34   hot   34   setting   is   what   it   claims   to   be   and   can   be   downright   scalp   scalding .   i   have   no   problem   with   the   hot   setting   being   that   hot ,   i   appreciate   it   when   i   m   straightening   my   hair ,   but   the   34   warm   34   setting   is   insufficient   for   my   needs .   br   br   other   than   that ,   the   hair   dryer   is   great ,   the   attachments   work   well   the   condenser   doesn   t   spin   like   i   ve   had   happen   on   other   hair   dryers   the   retractable   cord   doesn   t   have   any   problems ,   the   air   intake   never   sucks   my   long   hair   in   and   the   color   is   even   a   nice   midway   point   between   red   and   pink .
very   great   almost   perfect   love   this   full   hair   dryer   that   isn   t   compact   while   retracted   and   has   the   full   power   of   a   normal   hair   dryer .   br   love   the   color   br   i   do   wish   it   had   a   hot   or   hotter   setting   though   like   the   infinity   pro   by   conair   1875   watt   hair   dryer   purple ,   which   i   also   have   br   all   in   all   a   very   good   compact   hair   dryer   that   drys   hair   fast .
good   purchase   i   wanted   to   have   something   that   helped   keep   counters   clear .   this   is   inexpensive   and   serves   the   purpose .   cords   don   t   stretch   out   and   looks   organized .
love   it !   it   s   is   awesome ,   made   my   life   easier   and   i   don   t   have   to   go   to   the   parlor   every   week   as   i   was   doing   before .   i   have   curly   hair ,   with   this   product   im   able   to   blow   dryer   well   and   style   with   my   flat   iron .   the   only   negative   about   it   is   the   little   attachable   brush ,   not   good   quality ,   i   used   once   and   its   gone ,   needs   a   replacement .   the   combs   are   fine !   br   overall   i   recommend   the   product ,   it   was   a   great   addition .   br   rose   rosa
works   great   this   hair   dryer   works   great   for   me   and   the   price   is   very   reasonable .   it   also   more   than   met   my   expectations .
just   what   i   was   looking   for .   the   dryer   is   light   weight   and   full   of   options .   i   am   quite   pleased   with   it   and   will   buy   the   same   brand   again ..
5   mar   makes   hair   straight   but   oh   my   god .   it   plugs   out   every   5   seconds .
great   product   i   am   perfectly   satisfied   with   this   blow   dryer .   although   it   is   fairly   small ,   it   is   quite   powerful   and   dries   my   hair   in   no   time .   br   very   happy   with   my   purchase .
fantastic   dryer   excellent   quality   i   have   been   happily   using   this   dryer   for   8   years   best   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased   and   no   indication   that   it   won   t   be   going   strong   8   years   from   now
highly   recommend !   i   ve   using   this   dryer   for   2   months   and   decided   to   get   one   for   my   sis   and   my   mom   too .   it   s   different   than   the   regular   dryer   cuz   it   comes   w   multi   functions .   you   can   choose   34   scalp   mode   34   for   sensitive   scalp   and   34   skin   mode   34   when   applying   face   mask .   its   a   bit   pricey   but   the   money   is   all   worth   it ! !
better   than   i   expected   i   didn   t   realize   it   included   the   retractable   cord .   it   works   great .   the   folding   handle   is   also   a   plus .   also   good   power
blew   up   after   5   months   i   was   very   happy   with   it   for   the   first   5   months ,   but   was   shocked   this   morning   when   it   made   a   loud   bang   and   tripped   the   circuit   breaker .   i   have   never   had   a   hair   dryer   break   in   this   short   amount   of   time .   buyer   beware .   i   can   t   return   it ,   but   i   ll   write   remington   and   let   them   know   what   i   think   of   their   product .
just   ok   the   hair   dryer   itself   is   ok ,   not   great   doesn   t   seem   to   get   very   hot   ,   but   ok .   however ,   my   biggest   issue   is   the   location   of   the   buttons .   every . single . time .   i   blowdry   my   hair ,   my   hand   either   automatically   switches   the   settings   to   cold   or   a   low   setting ..   they   are   located   exactly   where   i   m   holding   the   dryer !   i   can   t   stand   it !
still   loving   this   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   well   over   a   year   ago   but   wanted   to   write   a   review   since   i   enjoy   this   hair   dryer   so   much .   what   i   love   about   it   most   is   the   retractable   cord   awesome   invention .   i   also   like   that   you   can   remove   and   clean   the   filter .   noise   level   is   standard   for   a   hair   dryer ,   maybe   even   slightly   quieter   than   average .   my   only   criticism   is   that   it   is   the   heaviest   hair   dryer   i   have   owned .   so   glad   i   bought   this   and   not   a   super   cheap   one .
great   hair   dryer   bang   for   the   buck .   bought   this   for   my   wife ,   since   she   was   struggling   with   a   spaced   out   hair   dryer   that   she   s   been   using   for   many   years .   this   worked   perfectly ,   would   recommend   for   anyone   who   doesn   t   like   a   change ,   although   it   long   overdue .   lives   up   to   the   expectations
dirty   and   broken   the   dryer   was ,   dare   i   say   it ,   greasy .   i   thought   as   long   as   it   works ,   fine .   nope ,   does   not   work .   the   seller ,   hottest   deals ,   should   be   ashamed   of   what   they   sent   for   the   price   i   paid .
great   for   thick   hair   i   first   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   of   the   positive   reviews   left   by   other   reviewers   with   thick   hair .   in   the   morning ,   i   don   t   want   to   spend   20   minutes   just   making   sure   my   hair   is   dry   before   i   leave .   i   want   some   time   to   style ,   too .   br   br   this   hair   dryer   has   a   professional   quality   motor   1875   watt   ac   motor   which   translates   to   stronger   air   flow ,   hotter   air ,   and   less   drying   time .   that   s   exactly   what   i   wanted   and   that   s   what   i   got .   this   hairdryer ,   with   the   airflow   concentrator   attachment ,   dried   my   hair   in   under   7   minutes ,   which   is   unheard   of   for   me .   it   has   3   heat   settings ,   2   fan   speeds ,   and   a   cool   air   shot   button .   br   br   bonus   this   hair   dryer   is   quieter   than   a   lot   of   others   i   ve   owned .   it   s   still   a   hair   dryer ,   so   it   ll   make   noise ,   but   this   one   s   noises   are   hushed .   br   br   besides   its   speedy   drying ,   it   s   just   a   really   pretty   hair   dryer .   it   s   got   an   attractive   black   matte   finish   that   s   soft   to   the   touch .   it   also   features   pretty   pink   pearlescent   buttons   and   accents .   br   br   conclusion   i   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   those   who   are   looking   for   a   quiet ,   yet   powerful   hair   dryer   to   streamline   their   morning   routine .
not   a   good   dryer   i   had   a   bed   head   dryer   which   i   used   for   six   years .   i   wore   out   the   plug   on   it   and   replaced   the   3   years   ago .   one   day ,   the   replaced   plug   arc   d   electricity   and   ruined   the   dryer .   because   the   bed   head   dryer   i   purchased   was   so   great ,   i   found   this   one   with   similar   features   as   the   previous   one   and   purchased .   i   used   this   one   for   six   months   and   it   was   awful .   the   dryer   would   over   heat   the   exterior   of   my   hair   and   not   get   the   hair   closer   to   my   head   dry .   tried   all   different   combination   settings   and   it   caused   horrible   frizziness   and   breakage   in   my   hair   no   matter   the   setting   used .   br   br   in   january ,   i   purchased   a   hot   tools   blow   dryer   and   immediately   frizziness   went   away .   br   br   do   not   purchase   this   dryer   because   it   causes   hair   damage   quickly .   my   hair   is   extremely   thick   and   curly   with   highlights   and   length   is   midway   down   my   back ..
too   heavy   i   had   to   return   this   dryer   because   it   was   too   heavy   for   me .   i   thought   my   strong ,   volleyball   playing   daughter   might   want   it ,   but   she   also   said   it   was   too   heavy .   powerful   enough   but   too   heavy .
quality   hair   dryer ,   low   price .   i   had   this   same   hair   dryer   for   over   ten   years   before   it   stopped   working ,   so   i   replaced   it   with   the   same   model !   i   only   wish   there   were   more   color   options ,   but   for   the   quality   the   price   can   t   be   beat !
the   real   deal   best   hairdryer   going .   big   powerfull ,   lasts   yaears   and   years .   br   br   this   is   about   teh   third   one   i   have   purchased   and   i   hope   they   keep   making   them ..
easy   to   install   easy   to   install   and   use .   did   whish   they   came   in   diferent   colors . would   reccomend   to   use   in   any   bathroom .   i   think   i   might   get   one   for   my   shop .   to   heat   materials   prior   to   gluing .   br   skip   kempf
works   for   me   loved   this .   big   enough   for   the   rollers   and   i   have   long ,   thick   hair .   hot   enough   to   dry   my   hair   in   a   reasonable   time .
great   dryer ...   own   this   for   a   while .   no   problems   so   far .   worked   as   well   as   it   did   on   the   first   day   i   purchased   it .   some   nice   features   for   the   money
wife   loves   it ,   and   holds   up   very   well   after   several   bashes   on   my   head   with   it .   this   hair   dryer   will   take   the   abuse   of   flying   20   through   the   air   and   smashing   me   in   the   head !   very   durable   and   she   likes   the   retracting   cord !
great   power   this   item   is   a   little   smaller   than   my   last   hair   dryer ,   but   the   power   makes   up   for   any   shortness   in   the   top .   my   hair   dries   in   less   time .
compact   to   use   for   travel .   it   is   a   good   dryer ,   for   the   size   of   it ,   it   has   good   drying   power .   it   is   easy   to   pack   for   trips .
had   to   have   it   i   tried   this   at   a   beautiful ,   luxury   hotel   in   newport ,   ri .   and   it   was   love   for   my   naturally   thick ,   somewhat   frizzy   hair .   it   came   out   straight   and   smooth   and   oh   so   shiny .   i   knew   i   wanted   one .   told   the   bf   how   much   i   loved   it   and   he   ended   up   going   to   the   hotel   on   one   of   his   next   trips   and   they   sold   him   a   new   one   from   housekeeping   right   from   the   hotel .   that   was   almost   two   years   ago   and   it   s   still   all   that   in   my   book .   retractable   cord   still   retracts   like   a   champ .   my   hair   dries   nicely ,   easily ,   no   fuss .   the   weight   seems   fine   to   me .   i   ve   had   high   end   200   hair   dryers   and   have   no   recollection   of   them   being   even   remotely   better   than   this   little   baby .   for   the   price ,   this   is   a   steal .
excelent   excelent   br   br   terrible   tommy   hilfiger   men   s   4   pack   boxer   brief ,   red   navy   white ,   large   br   tommy   hilfiger   br   how   does   this   product   fit   ffffffffffffffffweryt3r   veqtwrvrv   qr3
fun   stocking   stuffer   bought   this   as   stocking   stuffer   and   daughters   luv   luv   it .   great   gift   and   actually   has   removable   lint   screen   which   a   lot   of   blow   dryers   don   t   have .   will   buy   another   one   soon   because   1   blow   dryer   for   2   girls   doesn   t   quite   do   it ! ! !   lol
great   product   powerful   dryer   and   easy   to   install ,   at   a   good   price .   keeps   the   cord   off   the   counter   and   frees   up   counter   space .
it   s   ok   but ...   this   is   the   first   time   that   i   ve   spent   over   30   for   a   hair   dryer .   i   was   really   looking   forward   to   using   this .   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   1   month ,   and   i   have   to   say   that   my   biggest   complaint   is   the   nozzle   attachment   keeps   falling   off   which   is   very   aggravating .   other   than   that   i   love   how   quick   it   dries   my   hair ,   and   it   does   make   my   hair   look   more   smoother .   i   have   thick   wavy   curly   frizzy   hair .
works   great ,   good   value   the   price   on   this   was   about   30   lower   than   the   same   model   in   the   store ,   so   considering   the   price   it   was   a   great   choice .   my   only   34   complaint   34   is   that   the   low   setting   is   a   little   too   low ,   and   the   high   setting   is   a   little   too   high   for   my   preference .   a   speed   right   between   the   two   would   be   ideal ,   but   that   is   a   minor   issue .   it   works   well   for   what   i   need .
replacement   this   replaced   my   previous   hair   dryer ,   same   brand   and   model ,   that   had   lasted   many   years .   my   wife   couldn   t   live   without   it .
it   s   fine   if   you   don   t   need   precision   drying   the   good   powerful ,   fast   drying   that   leaves   hair   feeling   good .   br   br   the   bad   too   much   power   on   the   low   speed   leaves   lots   of   flyaways   and   substantially   reduces   control   over   the   finished   style .   br   br   this   hairdryer   has   a   lot   of   power ,   which   is   great   for   getting   your   hair   from   wet   to   damp   quickly .   the   problem   is   that   this   hairdryer   has   too   much   power   on   the   low   speed   for   a   polished   set   and   style .   br   br   i   wanted   a   hairdryer   that   would   complete   the   first   50   of   hair   drying   quickly ,   but   then   allow   me   to   use   a   lower   speed   with   my   round   brush   to   get   a   smooth   finish .   this   dryer   just   has   too   much   power   going   to   it   at   the   low   speed   setting ,   which   means   i   get   lots   of   flyaways .   if   you   always   flat   iron   or   curl   after   drying ,   or   if   you   don   t   care   about   style   and   just   want   to   get   your   hair   dry   fast ,   or   maybe   if   you   have   really   thick   strands ,   this   could   be   a   great   dryer .   with   my   medium   fine   hair ,   i   just   can   t   get   that   polished   set   that   i   m   looking   for .   my   hair   does   feel   nice   after   i   dry   it ,   and   if   i   m   planning   to   curl   or   flat   iron   after   drying   then   i   really   appreciate   how   fast   i   can   get   my   hair   dry .   however ,   i   don   t   like   that   i   must   flat   iron   or   curl   my   hair   to   get   it   to   look   finished .   if   this   dryer   had   a   third ,   lower   speed   setting ,   or   if   the   low   speed   setting   had   30   less   power ,   this   would   be   a   great   hairdryer .   as   it   is ,   i   break   out   my   old   vidal   sassoon   1875   to   finish   the   style   i   got   the   remington   when   my   vidal   sassoon   stopped   working   on   34   high   34   and   would   only   work   on   34   low   34   .
will   never   live   without   one   of   these   again !   so   convenient ,   seems   to   work   just   fine ,   had   it   for   a   month   so   far .   easy   to   install   and   looks   great   too .
it   does   harm   to   long   hair !   i   bought   it   because   of   the   low   price   and   beautiful   color ,   but   tne   item   s   color   is   so   different   from   the   picture .   the   most   feature   that   diappointed   me   is   my   hair   always   roll   into   the   back   of   it   and   the   dryer   broke   my   hair   a   lot ,   i   strongly   recommended   people   do   not   buy   this   product .   i   just   don   t   want   bother   to   return   it ,   this   is   the   only   reason   i   keep   it .
doesn   t   heat   up   replaced   it   because   there   was   no   difference   between   the   heat   settings .   the   dryer   didn   t   get   hot   enough   to   dry   my   short   hair   in   less   than   10   minutes .
heavy   it   s   a   little   heavy   but   it   s   well   made   and   easy   to   use .   br   i   like   the   smooth   feeling   of   the   surface .   br   wish   it   was   a   little   bit   smaller   lighter .
hooked   after   just   1   use   bought   this   on   a   whim   shopping   at   costco ,   i   was   in   desperate   need   of   a   blow   dryer ,   so   anything   would   do .   i   just   spent   a   ton   of   money   on   a   vacuum ,   so   a   high   end   blow   dryer   was   going   to   have   to   wait .   i   have   to   say   after   one   use ,   i   am   very   impressed .   my   other   blow   dryer   was   still   working ,   but   was   causing   my   hair   to   frizz   up   horribly .   i   really   wasn   t   expecting   this   blow   dryer   to   work   so   quickly   and   efficiently .   my   hair   is   smoother   and   more   manageable .   note ,   i   am   also   using   salon   quality   shampoo   and   conditioner ,   so   that   helps   a   lot .
my   mom   loves   it !   bought   this   for   my   elderly   mother ,   whose   old   hairdryer   was   heavy   and   bulky .   she   loves   this   one ,   it   s   light   and   much   easier   for   a   handicapped   person   to   use .
great   dryer   this   dryer   dries   my   long   hair   quickly   and   efficiently .   i   even   notice   less   frizz   than   i   used   to ,   which   is   fantastic .
great   in   the   u . s . ,   but ...   my   wife   and   i   bought   this   for   our   travels   in   europe .   it   works   well   here   in   the   u . s . ,   but   much   louder   and   hotter   in   europe .   so   far ,   it   worked ,   though .
proversa   hair   dryer   the   hair   dryer   is   tiny ,   yet   powerful .   it   has   two   speeds   and   and   attachment   to   extend   the   dryer .   build   quality   appears   to   be   similar   to   big   brand   name   hair   dryers .
works   just   like   the   salon   very   convenient   and   easy   to   setup .   everything   was   in   the   box   and   the   directions   were   easy   to   follow .   i   would   definitely   recommend   especially   as   an   investment   to   save   money .
great   little   blow   dryer   no   sales   puffing   with   this   product .   it   performs   exactly   as   marketed   and   fits   into   small   spaces .   the   retractable   cord   was   a   selling   point   for   me ,   and   it   drys   my   hair   quickly   and   thoroughly .   i   would   have   no   reservation   recommending   this   unit .
so   far   so   good   i   don   t   know   what   i   ll   think   in   six   months   if   the   dryer   konks   out   on   me .   but   for   now ,   i   couldn   t   be   happier .   i   use   the   warm ,   low   setting   for   my   hair ,   and   the   results   are   great   smooth ,   non   frizzy   hair .   my   hair   is   fairly   straight ,   but   some   dryers   manage   to   make   it   look   a   little   frizzy ,   which   is   a   mystery   to   me .   anyway ,   i   m   very   pleased ,   and   the   price   was   excellent .
great   for   a   eurotrip ,   not   regular   use   i   bought   this   for   my   most   recent   eurotrip .   i   used   it   in   france ,   italy   and   spain   with   no   problems   on   the   higher   voltage   setting   .   it   is   compact   but   not   as   light   as   i   was   expecting .   using   this   higher   setting   gives   you   only   one   setting   option   low .   but   the   power   over   there   is   so   strong   that   it   feels   more   like   high .   even   high   though   isn   t   that   powerful ,   but   gets   the   job   done   for   basic   drying   purposes   probably   not   any   fancy   styles .   make   sure   to   set   it   to   high   with   a   screwdriver   before   you   go   i   had   a   heck   of   a   time   finding   an   object   equivalent   to   a   flat   head   screwdriver .   br   br   in   the   states ,   this   hair   dryer   isn   t   really   worth   using .   34   low   34   is   like   someone   blowing   out   their   birthday   cake   candles   and   high   is   like ... well ... not   much   more   than   that .   i   will   use   this   as   my   travel   blow   dryer   only .
advice   for   other   ladies   i   bought   this   dryer   because   i   wanted   to   deep   condition   my   hair   and   also   do   roller   sets   for   reference   i   have   hair   to   my   tail   bone   with   curly   3c   type   texture   .   anyways   this   dryer   didnt   even   work ! !   i   opened   the   package   and   all   the   parts   were   there .   i   put   it   together   according   to   the   instructions   .   but   then   when   i   plugged   it   in   and   turned   it   on ,   nothing   happened .   the   timer   worked   it   sounds   like   a   cooking   timer   ,   but   nothing   else   did .   there   was   no   air   flow ,   no   power   light   nothing ! ! !   br   br   i   will   be   returning   this ,   but   i   am   yet   to   hear   from   the   seller   this   just   happened   today   .   i   will   come   back   on   here   to   write   an   update   and   let   you   ladies   know   how   if   they   resolve   the   issue .   i   expect   i   will   have   to   pay   return   shipping   but   thats   not   fair   given   that   i   was   shipped   a   defective   item !   if   i   do   i   will   leave   negative   feedback   .   br   br   overall   the   appearance   of   this   dryer   was   34   cheap   34   .   the   stickers   surrounding   the   dials   were   peeling   off   once   i   opened   the   box ,   and   the   dryer   hood   wasn   t   very   sturdy   on   the   pole .   don   t   get   me   wrong   i   wasn   t   expecting   this   to   be   a   34   mr .   pibbs   34   by   any   means ,   but   good   grief   i   at   least   expected   it   to   turn   on ! !   i   must   ve   gotten   a   bad   dryer   b   c   the   other   reviews   on   here   are   decent   hence   my   deciding   to   purchase   one   .   but   ladies   take   my   advice   .   if   you   want   a   34   risk   free   34   piece   of   equipment   then   just   save   up   and   get   a   mr .   pibbs .   otherwise   you   run   the   risk   of   being   in   my   situation   with   a   bum   dryer   and   the   possibility   of   having   to   pay   return .
andis   rc   2   ionic1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer   with   folding   handle   and ...   this   hair   dryer   is   a   little   heavier   than   the   one   i   replaced   however ,   it   drys   quickly ,   not   hot   to   the   touch ,   and   the   retractable   cord   is   nice   even   though   it   needs   a   little   help   retracting   at   times .   that   said ,   would   recommend .
great   buy !   i   was   unable   to   find   a   comparable   product   at   the   local   big   box   stores .   br   br   i   was   pleased   to   find   this   at   a   price   that   was   approximately   50   less   than   other   retailers   and   websites .   br   br   works   great   and   does   not   take   up   additional   counter   top   in   bathroom .
perfect   small   dryer   compact ,   easy   to   hang   and   reliable .   very   powerful   for   the   size .   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   needing   a   small   hair   dryer .
quiet   and   hot ,   but   not   powerful   i   read   the   previous   reviews   commenting   on   how   quiet   it   is ,   but   i   was   disappointed   to   see   that   it   also   meant   it   was   lacking   power   to   dry   hair   quickly .   i   don   t   understand   the   negative   ion   feature   but   it   doesn   t   seem   to   make   a   difference .   the   hair   dryer   is   ok ,   but   i   wouldn   t   have   bought   it   knowing   what   i   know   now .
does   the   job ,   but   going   to   keep   looking   i   was   in   the   market   for   a   new   hair   dryer   after   my   previous   one   gave   out   after   a   few   years .   i   did   considerable   research ,   and   was   drawn   to   this   one   by   the   great   reviews   and   the   low   price .   br   br   this   one   is   suitable ,   but   i   m   going   to   keep   looking   for   a   new   one .   br   br   cons   br   it   increased   my   drying   time   i   previously   had   an   inexpensive   revlon   br   even   on   the   highest   setting ,   the   temperature   does   not   get   that   hot   br   it   is   a   bit   on   the   heavy   side   br   br   pros   br   the   retractable   cord   is   great   for   storage
awesome   hair   dryer !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   fast   at   drying   and   quiet .   it   s   a   great   tool   for   everyday   drying   and   worth   the   money .   i   also   bought   the   hair   straightner   and   it   s   just   as   good .   i   hope   onei   keeps   making   great   products   like   chi   use   too !
works   well ,   temperatures   are   a   little   different   than   what   i   used   to .   i   bought   this   after   my   brand   new   revlon   hair   dryer   stopped   working   inexplicably .   i   was   looking   for   a   cheap   hair   dryer   that   i   could   use   every   few   days   when   i   need   my   hair   dry   faster   than   usual   and   that   wouldn   t   crap   out   on   me   right   after   i   bought   it .   it   s   3   months   later   and   it   still   works   great !   i   don   t   really   have   many   gripes   about   it .   they   only   thing   i   ll   mention   is   the   34   warm   34   setting   seems   a   bit   too   cool   for   warm .   i   ve   always   used   the   warm   setting   in   the   past   because   i   don   t   want   to   fry   my   hair   with   the   34   hot   34   setting   and   34   cool   34   doesn   t   dry   fast   enough .   with   this   hair   dryer ,   i   use   34   hot   34   more   as   the   34   warm   34   setting   just   doesn   t   cut   it .   other   than   that ,   great !
power   dryer   i   love   the   power   this   dryer   has .   cuts   drying   time   by   a   third .   nice   folding   handle   if   traveling   is   required   as   well   as   the   short   barrell .   does   not   perform   like   a   travel   dryer   excellent .
excellent   dryer   i   recommend   it   , is   a   very   good   product . i   only   work   with   the   best   , it   worth   the   money   , i   m   going   to   buy   three   more .
too   expensive   to   break   so   soon   purchased   this   blow   dryer   hoping   that   by   spending   more   i   would   get   a   better   product .   afterall ,   it   is   supposed   to   be   a   34   pro   34   dryer .   totally   disappointed   when   it   simply   quit   working .   just .   like .   the .   cheap .   ones !   also ,   as   noted   by   other   reviewers   this   dryer   does   get   very   hot   and   if   you   are   not   careful   it   will   dry   your   hair   out .
no   luck   with   this   dryer   i   purchased   this   dryer   because   of   a   recommendations   from   a   stylist .   she   commented   that   she   loved   it .   before   purchasing   it ,   i   read   the   reviews .   some   were   happy   , some   complained   about   the   dryer   lasting   a   few   days .   well ,   that   is   what   happened   to   me .   upon   receiving   the   dryer   i   noticed   that   it   did   not   had   temperature   control .   so   i   decided   to   return   it   since   i   did   not   like   the   lack   of   that   feature .   the   company   was   eager   to   collaborate   and   refund   the   money   to   me   even   without   asking   me   to   return   it .   i   was   surprised   and   said   to   myself ,   wow   this   company   is   really   different   from   others ,   in   terms   of   customer   service .   however ,   i   used   it   one   more   time   and   the   breakers   blew   and   the   dryer   stopped   working   all   together .   the   dryer   lasted   exactly   three   days .   from   the   moment   i   received   it   to   the   moment   it   stopped   working .   i   was   happy   that   i   initiated   the   return   earlier   without   me   than   knowing   this   unfortunate   circumstance   might   happened .   i   believed   this   product   does   not   have   a   good   quality   control   from   the   manufacturer ,   since   more   of   one   review   complained   about   the   same .   from   the   reviews   it   would   appear   that   the   product   used   to   be   good   and   some   customers   were   happy   with   it   like   the   stylist   that   recommended   the   dryer   to   me   but   now   it   looks   that   quality   fell   very   very   low .
it   was   great ,   until   the   fireworks   i   ve   had   this   hairdryer   for   a   year   and   a   half .   i   love   the   settings   and   how   quickly   it   dries   my   hair .   it   didn   t   last   as   long   as   i   d   hoped ,   however .   it   just   started   popping   and   shooting   fire   out   of   the   end .
did   i   get   the   right   one   just   got   this   delivered   today ,   fast   service .   put   it   together ,   but   the   directions   and   picture   show   a   power   on   off   switch ,   mine   doesn   t   have   one ,   and   instead   of   fahrenheit   it   is   celsius .   the   dryer   goes   on   when   you   set   the   timer .   the   picture   on   the   box   also   shows   a   on   off   button .   other   than   turning   it   on ,   i   haven   t   used   it .   tomorrow   i   will   try   it   out .
quiet   and   effective   this   is   light ,   quiet ,   effective ,   several   options   for   heat   and   speed   settings .   everything   you   need .   top   rated   by   consumer   reports .
expected   too   much   it   is   lightweight   however   it   is   very   loud   and   it   is   not   as   powerful   as   i   thought .   i   ended   up   buying   another   one   a   few   months   later .
good   hair   dryer   but   does   not   really   blow   hot   air   it   does   the   trick   however   high   is   not   as   high   as   most   hair   dryers   and   when   you   put   it   to   blow   hot   air   it   s   not   hot   at   all   more   like   warm   very   light   warm ....
conair   14r   1600   watt   wallmount   dryer   with   led   night   light   i   oove   it !   works   great ,   plenty   of   blow   power   and   love   the   added   bonus   of   the   night   light .   i   would   recommend   this   product   for   purchase .
i   love   it ,   worked   in   cuba   i   used   this   powerful ,   1875   watts ,   dual   voltage   125   250   blower   in   cuba   last   week ,   along   with   a   separate   plug   adaptor .   it   worked   perfectly ,   just   turn   the   button   on   the   handle   with   maybe   a   knife   or   other   instrument   to   250v   setting ,   and   use   on   high   or   low   settings .   br   this   is   a   great   product   for   me ,   i   don   t   like   the   blow   dryers   usually   found   in   hotels   outside   the   us   you   need   to   continuously   press   on   the   power   button   to   keep   it   on   because   it   s   awkward   scrunching   my   hair   into   the   diffuser   with   my   other   hand .   also ,   the   diffuser   is   high   quality   with   twelve   prongs .   br   it   s   not   exactly   tiny   in   size   once   it   s   open ,   but   is   slightly   smaller   than   my   regular   blower ,   and   it   s   great   the   handle   folds .   br   br   when   travelling ,   it   s   the   small   conveniences   that   make   me   happy ,   and   this   blower   did   just   that !
sparks !   bought   this   hair   dryer   in   may ,   2013 .   after   about   9   mos .   of   use ,   i   noticed   that   the   fan   speed   suddenly   dropped   to   its   slowest   speed   eventhough   the   setting   was   for   the   highest .   then ,   i   saw   tiny   little   sparks   inside   the   hair   dryer   at   which   point   i   immediately   turned   it   off !   i   ve   never   liked   the   hair   dryer ,   in   part   because   it   s   positioned   in   such   an   awkward   upward   angle ,   causing   me   to   twist   my   wrist   to   force   the   angle   down .
great   stuff ! !   this   does   not   hurt   your   hair .   very   well   suited   for   daily   use ,   if   you   are   looking   for   any   specific   style   dryiers ,   this   is   the   best   one   for   everyday   use .
conair   hairdryer   is   amazing   i   bought   this   conair   to   replace   an   older   model   that   i   had   had   for   over   10   years !   the   is   slightly   smaller   than   the   older   1875   model   but   i   prefer   that .   the   folding   arm   functions   well   and   the   high   setting   is   perfect   for   those   fast   blow   dry   mornings .
requested   by   my   wife   my   wife   requested   it   because   she   already   had   one   at   our   1st   home   and   wanted   one   just   like   it   for   our   2nd   home .
worth   it !   the   first   time   i   used   it   i   saw   the   difference   with   my   hair .   my   hair   was   softer   and   less   frizzy .   br   but   i   still   find   it   expensive .
great   dryer .   it   drys   your   hair   fast   and   its   not   too   laud .   easy   to   move   around   if   you   need   to   use   it   anywhere   in   the   house .
good   hair   dryer   i   have   purchased   two   of   these   blow   dryers ,   one   for   myself   and   the   other   as   a   gift .   the   hsi   works   well ,   dries   hair   quickly ,   the   controls   are   easy   to   use   and   the   cord   is   longer   than   any   other   i   have   purchased .   i   have   noticed   that   my   hair   is   smoother   than   when   dried   with   my   last   dryer ,   a   babyliss   pro .   both   of   us   are   happy   with   the   hsi .   i   would   purchase   again .
already   broke   i   have   only   had   this   for   alittle   over   a   month   and   it   broke   today .   will   never   buy   another   one   from   here .
dries   hair   fast .   this   dryer   is   lightweight   by   very   powerful .   it   dries   my   hair   very   fast   on   a   low   setting   so   i   have   less   breakage .
love   it   best   hair   dryer   ever !   my   hair   has   been   so   easy   to   manage   with   it   especially   with   my   very   very   thick   hair .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone .
works   great !   this   hairdryer   is   working   out   well   for   me .   it   is   hard   for   me   to   believe   that   the   ionic   conditioning   feature   really   works   but   it   really   seems   to !   my   hair   has   less   static   in   it   after   i   use   this   dryer   on   it .   this   winter   has   seemed   unusually   static   filled   so   this   is   a   welcome   relief .
love   it ! ! !   this   hair   dryer   is   awesome ! !   it   doesn   t   get   too   hot   and   dries   my   hair   very   nicely   and   was   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for ! !   very   pleased ! ! !
like   it   i   like   it   because   it   is   not   a   noisy   hair   dryer .   it   works   fine   and   does   have   a   comfort   touch .
i   love   this   thing   i   have   bought   two   of   these   one   to   keep   at   my   boyfriend   s   place   too   .   they   pack   well   and   are   wonderful .   very   convenient   for   travel ,   and   dry   my   hair   very   quickly .
my   favorite   this   was   my   favorite   blow   dryer .   i   had   it   for   a   few   years   and   then   it   died   on   me .   i   couldn   t   find   it   in   the   stores   anymore   so   i   turned   to   amazon .   yay !   got   my   fav   dryer   back   and   it   works   perfectly  
i   love   this   hairdrayer   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   every   day   for   a   long   time   and   it   is   the   best .   i   use   it   with   the   nice   difusser   that   comes   with   it   and   my   hair   has   beautiful   curls .   i   would   highly   recommend   it   for   people   that   want   to   have   pretty   soft   curls   when   using   a   difusser .   i   do   not   use   it   for   anything   else .   i   have   had   people   borrow   it   to   dry   straight   hair   and   they   say   it   is   great .
a   very   good   product   everything   i   expected   ,   a   very   good   product   ,   for   the   price   this   is   a   very   good   purchase   and   i   give   it   a   good   rating
good   product   really   does   blow   my   hair   flat   and   shiny ..   almost   too   flat   at   times .   my   hair   has   a   natural   wave   and   this   blows   it   out   straight .
no   frills   reasonably   priced   and   powerful ,   one   of   the   best   in   the   same   class ,   impressed   with   the   separate   control   of   speed   and   temp   for   this   price
it   worked   great   for   about   4   weeks   then   it   burned .   this   hair   dryer   is   powerful   and   does   an   excellent   job .   however ,   i   bought   one   for   my   wife   which   i   received   on   january   7th   2014 .   my   wife   used   it   4   times   and   then   it   burned .   literally   there   was   smoke   coming   from   the   back   of   the   unit   and   it   stopped   working .   i   contacted   amazon   and   they   are   sending   a   replacement   unit .   it   could   be   that   the   unit   was   defective   and   the   replacement   will   last   longer .   but ,   my   rating   will   stay   as   1   star   until   we   can   proof   otherwise .
small   yet   powerful   i   did   a   lot   of   research .   this   is   the   narrowest   one .   the   2   speed   3   heat   settings   are   great .   very   nice   for   a   small   space .
great   for   the   price ! !   it   s   great ! !   it   s   kinda   loud   but   a   great   product ! !   would   buy   another .   loved   the   red !   the   cord   goes   back   up   the   dryer .   loved   that   feature .
dryer   does   the   job   does   everything   i   need   it   to   do .   light   and   easy   to   use .   i   love   the   attachments   too .   dries   nicely   and   fast .
revlon   horror   hair   dryer ! ! ! !   i   have   read   all   these   reviews   about   the   revlon   rv484   today   which   is   2   3   2014   and   even   on   this   date   the   revlon   hair   dryer   that   i   purchased   last   summer   did   the   same   thing ... the   cord   split   where   it   meets   the   dryer   and   a   large   set   of   sparks   and   horrid   smell   of   burning   electric   permeated   my   house .   what   the   heck ! ! ! ! !   people   have   complained   about   this   product   since   back   in   2007   and   it   still   remains   on   the   market   i   will   contact   revlon   and   hopefully   this   dryer   will   be   pulled   off   the   market   before   some   young   adult   gets   seriously   hurt   or   burnt .   very   poor   design ... shame   on   revlon !
excellent   for   no   frizz   curly   hair   i   have   medium   length ,   fine   curly   hair   and   needed   a   low   setting   and   warm   air   and   good   diffuser   that   won   t   sit   right   on   your   hair ... check ,   check   and   check .   perfect   for   drying   while   not   blowing   your   hair   around   so   to   break   the   curl   or   cause   frizz .   and   it   s   lightweight .. a   real   gem .
works   and   is   decent   price   appears   well   made ,   has   a   good   fan   speed   and   heats   up   well   for   a   compact   dryer .   nice   to   have   a   hook   to   hold   the   cable .
convenient !   i   like   having   the   dryer   on   my   wall   instead   of   my   dresser .   it   is   not   as   powerful   as   my   old   dryer   so   takes   a   minute   longer   but   i   do   like   it .
best   hair   dryer   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   had   so   far .   it   dries   great   and   doesn   t   make   weird   noises   or   show   sparks   or   do   any   of   the   weird   scary   thing   some   of   my   others   have .
good   product .   this   item   is   a   very   good   product .   the   price   is   right   for   this   dryer .   ergonimics   make   it   easy   to   use   and   hold .
great   dryer   at   a   great   price ! !   i   had   no   idea   how   cheap   my   hair   dryer   was   till   i   used   this   one .   i   bought   this   for   my   daughter   for   christmas   and   tried   it .   it   worked   great !   i   liked   hers   so   much   i   bought   one   for   myself .
burn   baby   burn   interesting   to   see   others   say   theirs   caught   fire   as   mine   did   too ,   while   it   was   in   my   hand ! !   it   started   smoking   and   the   handle   turned   red   hot .   recall   this   bad   boy ! !
best   dryer   really   like   this   hair   dryer .   does   not   frizz   hair   when   drying .   can   be   used   with   or   without   several   dryer   attachments .   like   all   silver   color .   controls   are   well   placed   and   very   easy   to   use .   has   really   long   cord   which   helps .   a   little   heavy   but   i   m   in   my   sixties   but   its   weight   not   a   real   problem .   hangs   up   easily   when   not   in   use .   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer .   price   reflects   quality ,   value   and   great   find !
good   so   far   only   been   in   use   for   couple   of   months   but   wife   is   happy   so   far .   hope   it   lasts .   more   words   ok
best   i   ve   seen   the   style   looks   sheik   hanging   on   wall .   looks   good   and   very   quiet .   i   like   the   nite   light   that   s   built   into   it .
great   blow   dryer ...   great   value   for   the   money .   bigger   than   most   travel   size   blow   dryers   but   the   folding   handle   is   still   a   great   feature   and   still   helps   with   space .   the   three   speeds   is   a   bonus   too .   i   ve   read   some   reviews   that   say   the   retractable   cord   stopped   working   after   a   week ,   but   i   ve   had   absolutely   no   trouble   and   it   s   been   a   couple   of   months .   i   m   wondering   if   those   people   are   retracting   the   cord   before   or   after   they   fold   the   handle .   it   seems   to   me   it   should   be   done   before   to   give   the   cord   a   clear   path .   all   in   all   a   great   purchase .
nice   little   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   light   weigh   and   stores   all   accessories   inside   the   case .   it   works   well   except   the   hose   is   hard   to   attach   to   the   bonnet
exactly   what   i   wanted !   our   blow   dryer   died   recently .   panic ! !   but   we   just   didn   t   have   the   opportunity   to   hunt   around   in   local   stores   to   find   a   replacement   for   the   one   we   d   had   for   so   long .   i   took   a   chance   and   looked   on   amazon   and   there   it   was   ...   the   exact   one   we   wanted !   it   has   a   lot   of   power   and   we   re   very   pleased   with   it .
good   for   a   few   years   but   watch   for   sparks   smoke !   good   hair   dryer   and   i   liked   the   different   attachments   and   settings .   however ,   i   had   this   hair   dryer   a   few   years   ago   and   worked   fine   for   quite   a   while .   one   day   while   drying   my   hair ,   it   popped   and   started   to   smoke .   i   immediately   unplugged   it ,   looked   it   over   and   saw   the   cord   was   melted   near   the   handle .   it   was   throw   away   since   it   was   fried .   without   thinking ,   i   went   out   and   bought   a   second   one   since   the   first   one   lasted   so   long ,   and   thought   maybe   the   sparking   incident   was   a   fluke .   this   morning ,   the   same   thing   happened   to   me   while   using   it .   it   sparked   and   and   there   was   a   pop   again   i   turned   it   off   and   unplugged   it   immediately .   i   looked   it   over ,   and   the   cord   had   melted   away   from   where   it   attached   to   the   handle .   dangerous .   while   the   price   is   right ,   it   is   not   worth   the   fire   risk ! !
so   far   so   good ! !   so   far   so   good ! !   i   ve   had   it   a   few   weeks   now   and   it   s   still   working   good .   blowing   really   hot .   quick   dry   time .
air   flow   not   powerful   ok   so   i   had   this   hair   dryer   for   about   2   years   used   it   on   and   off .   it   seems   that   they   listened   to   their   customers   and   installed   something   that   cools   it   down   in   cycles   as   it   is   drying   your   hair ..   however   it   s   not   powerful   at   all .   my   hair   is   flat   and   it   takes   forever   to   dry .   i   tried   everything ..   i   started   to   think   it   was   my   hair   products   but   once   i   went   back   to   my   old   hair   dryer ,   my   hair   was   fine .   a   true   waste ... tonight   my   husband   pointed   out   the   plug   where   the   prong   meets   the   black   plastic   is   melting .   garbage !
good   purchase   this   was   a   good   purchase   for   the   money   and   for   what   i   needed .   i   don   t   use   a   dryer   daily   so   i   didn   t   want   to   spend   another   150   for   a   hairdryer   for   which   i   wasn   t   going   to   use   often .   high   setting   is   very   hot   so   i   use   the   medium   which   is   more   than   hot   enough .   a   little   light   weight   which   isn   t   really   a   bad   thing .   i   was   used   to   my   old   dryer   which   was   a   professional ,   heavier   dryer .
great   blow   dryer   i   love   this   blow   dryer   for   a   couple   of   reasons   br   br   1 .   it   has   a   super   long   cord   which   is   awesome   br   2 .   it   had   not   only   high   and   low   but   you   can   adjust   the   heat   level   as   well .   br   br   there   are   some   things   i   don   t   like   as   well   br   br   1 .   it   is   a   little   heavy   but   nothing   that   would   sway   me   from   buying   again   br   2 .   the   buttons   are   in   a   bad   spot   and   i   occasionally   bump   them .   br   br   i   would   definately   recommend .
hot   stuff   dryer   is   great   for   the   money ,   it   is   quiet   gets   hot   and   seems   to   compare   to   the   chi   dryer   we   also   have   in   the   salon .   thank   you   so   much .   the   final   test   will   be   life   span .
great   dryer   dries   my   thick   hair   very   quickly .   it   makes   quick   work   of   straightening   my   hair   while   blow   drying .   leaves   my   hair   shiny .   it   s   an   awesome   dryer .
very   good   hair   dryer .   seems   like   it   s   of   good   quality .   low   setting   takes   too   long   to   dry   long   hair .   definitely   would   be   better   without   the   night   light ,   or   if   there   was   a   switch   to   turn   the   light   off .
fast   fast   fast   i   have   very   thick   hair .   this   hair   dryer   works   amazingly .   and   it   s   really   convenient   to   bring   for   travel   because   of   its   tiny   size .   i   love   it   and   will   absolutely   buy   again .
you   can   only   run   this   on   low   power   with   the   220   voltage   it   is   nice   and   compact ,   however   not   showing   in   the   description   on   line   is   that   it   will   only   run   in   low   speed   when   using   the   220   voltage .   this   wouldn   t   work   with   my   hair   therefore   i   had   to   return   it .
hair   dressing   device   dryer   works   as   intended   and   is   more   useful   than   a   salon   style   dryer   in   that   it   s   portable .   i   also   think   using   a   bonnet   as   opposed   to   salon   style   dryer   is   more   efficient   in   drying   the   hair   due   to   creating   a   closed   hair   drying   environment .   however ,   that   s   just   my   opinion   i   don   t   have   anything   to   prove   that .   the   only   negative   that   i   have   relative   to   bonnet   style   dryer   is   from   experience   the   bonnet   wears   tears   up   before   the   dryer   breaks   and   i   haven   t   been   able   to   get   replacement   bonnets .
love   it   i   bought   this   for   my   mom   br   she   searched   on   line   and   found   this   one   br   it   was   exactly   what   she   was   looking   for   br   works   great
hair   dryer   it   dries   my   hair   so   fast !   i   love   it   and   would   recommend   this   product   to   anyone   who   wants   a   good   hair   dryer   at   a   low   price .
great   product ,   very   good   price !   like   it .   simple ,   with   strong   wind   power   that   could   dry   my   hair   in   a   short   time ,   and   the   price   is   terrific !
i   so   wanted   to   like   this   but   i   don   t .   the   biggest   thing   is   that   it   just   doesn   t   dry .   i   put   it   on   and   then   take   my   sweet   time   putting   on   makeup   so   that   this   thing   has   plenty   of   time   to   do   its   thing ,   but   my   hair   comes   out   about   as   wet   as   if   i   d   wrapped   it   in   a   microfiber   towel   for   a   few   minutes   which   is   to   say ,   maybe   10   percent   dry   not   dripping ,   but   definitely   wet   and   not   damp   .   there   are   other   things   i   don   t   like   about   it ,   such   as   the   hose   doesn   t   fasten   to   the   cap ,   just   rests   in   the   opening   without   any   kind   of   clip   or   click   or   anything ,   which   means   paying   attention   to   how   much   i   move   around   to   be   sure   the   hose   doesn   t   fall   out   of   the   cap   or   that   the   hose   is   so   short   that   the   base   has   to   be   sitting   pretty   close   to   me   the   whole   time .   for   now ,   i   ll   stick   with   my   hard   bonnet   dryer   on   a   floor   stand .   doesn   t   allow   for   much   mobility ,   but   it   s   way   more   effective   at   actually   drying .
works   great !   this   dryer   works   great   and   has   a   lot   of   power .   for   10.00   !   you   can   t   beat   that !   it   s   also   a   bit   smaller   than   most   dryers   so   it   s   easy   to   hold   and   maneuver .
the   great   things   this   hair   dryer   is   the   great   things   that   can   use   the   less   time   to   make   my   long   hair   dry .   i   love   it
great   product   best   hair   dryer   ever .   super   high   power .   i   dunno   if   it   has   something   to   do   with   the   34   ionize   34   part   ,   but   it   actually   thickens   up   my   hair .   i   m   46   and   it   s   getting   a   little   thinner   up   top   and   man   this   thing   does   wonders   for   bringing   a   fullness   to   my   hair .   can   t   go   wrong   with   this   one .
it   was   a   great   dryer ... until   it   caught   on   fire   i   had   this   hair   dryer   for   a   year   and   a   half .   i   absolutely   loved   it .   br   br   over   the   last   few   months   it   would   stop   and   then   start   while   i   was   trying   to   dry   my   hair .   i   contacted   t3   and   they   told   me   to   send   it   to   them .   i   was   planning   on   it   until   today   when   it   started   smoking   where   the   cord   attaches   to   the   dryer !   i   turned   it   off   so   quick   and   tried   not   to   electrocute   myself .   sure ,   i   could   pay   to   ship   it   and   give   the   company   15   to   ship   it   back   but   i   don   t   want   another   fire   hazard !   i   spent   way   too   much   on   this   dryer   to   have   it   break   after   only   a   year   and   a   half .   never   again .
design   flaws   first   i   will   say   that   it   dries   hair   just   like   any   other   hair   dryer   so   i   guess   it   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do .   but ,   the   use   of   toggle   switches   for   power   and   temperature   right   on   the   handle   instead   of   a   sliding   switch   seems   like   poor   planning   at   best .   every   time   i   change   hand   positions   i   m   accidentally   turning   it   off   or   moving   it   from   hot   to   warm .   the   only   way   to   avoid   doing   that   is   to   not   put   your   hand   around   the   inside   of   the   handle   i   ve   dropped   the   dumb   thing   on   the   floor   more   times   than   i   can   count   while   trying   to   avoid   turning   it   off !   all   other   dryers   i   ve   ever   used   have   switches   that   slide   up   or   down   and   only   move   when   you   want   them   to ,   not   just   if   you   accidentally   touch   it .   and   the   cord   is   very   short   as   well   much   shorter   than   any   i   ve   had   in   the   past .   this   dryer   will   be   going   to   34   back   up   34   status   as   soon   as   i   get   a   better   replacement .
great   for   fine   hair !   i   have   very   fine   hair   that   doesn   t   like   to   be   styled .   using   this   dryer ,   i   have   br   br   volume   br   body   br   curl   br   br   and ,   i   don   t   have   to   use   any   product   to   get   it   that   way .   i   believe   the   key   is   not   only   the   dryer ,   but ,   the   shampoo   you   use .   i   use   a   keratin   infused   shampoo   with   ion   ultra   light   weight   conditioner .   bottom   line   this   blow   dryer   is   incredible !
perfect ....   this   is   great   for   a   smaller   bathroom   like   i   have   and   it   mounted   easily   on   the   wall   and   i   use   it   daily ,
love   it !   this   is   my   favorite   blow   dryer   ever !   it   does   the   job   and   i   love   the   different   parts   that   you   can   use   from   the   big   tooth ,   little   tooth   or   brush .   also ,   you   can   have   it   on   cool   air   as   well   which   is   different   and   pretty   cool .   it   works   great   on   my   african   american   4c   hair .
great   product !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   a   bit   heavier   than   my   previous   one   but   my   hair   dreys   faster   so   i   don   t   mind .   the   air   blows   really   hot   if   you   use   the   highest   setting   so   it   took   a   bit   getting   used   to   it ,   but   i   love   it
great   blow   dryer !   you   won   t   regret   this   purchase   this   is   a   great   dryer   and   my   review   will   compare   the   sedu   revolution   4000i   with   the   harry   josh   pro   dryer   2000 .   br   br   when   the   harry   josh   2000   dryer   came   out   i   was   dying   to   buy   it   but   just   couldn   t   justify   the   price .   i   was   in   desperate   need   of   a   good   dryer   since   i   straighten   my   hair   almost   every   day   .   after   lots   of   research   and   reading   reviews   on   every   single   dryer   out   there ,   i   decided   to   go   with   the   sedu   revolution   tgr   4000i .   especially   since   it   was   chosen   by   harry   josh   himself   as   his   favorite   dryer   obviously   before   he   developed   his   own   dryer   so   i   figured   the   sedu   was   a   great   choice .   i   ve   loved   this   dryer   since   day   1 .   love   it .   but   i   still   had   my   heart   set   on   the   harry   josh   dryer .   i   figured   it   would   be   even   better   than   the   sedu   and   somehow   cut   my   dry   time   to   mere   seconds   br   i   finally   justified   the   purchase   of   the   harry   josh   by   telling   myself   that   my   sedu   would   be   my   travel   back   up   dryer .   after   all ,   everyone   needs   an   emergency   blow   dryer !   br   br   so   the   harry   josh   dryer   arrives   and   i   immediately   notice   it   s   the   same   exact   body   casing   as   the   sedu .   even   the   attachments   are   exact   and   fit   on   both   dryers .   everything   and   i   mean   everything   right   down   to   the   cord   length ,   switches ,   markings   and   body   size   were   exact .   even   the   motor   sounds   exactly   the   same   when   turned   on .   the   only   difference   i   can   see   is   that   one   is   mint   green   and   one   is   black .   br   now   i   admit ,   i   don   t   know   what   kind   of   motor   each   one   has ,   but   it   seemed   strange   to   me   that   harry   s   new   250   300   dryer   appears   to   be   the   exact   same   machine   as   his   once   beloved   34   favorite   dryer .   34   so   i   decided   to   perform   my   own   dry   test   and   see   which   one ,   if   any ,   dried   my   hair   faster   and   made   it   smoother .   br   br   i   tested   for   six   total   days .   for   three   days   i   dried   with   the   sedu   and   for   three   days   with   the   harry   josh .   i   alternated   days   to   account   for   weather ,   humidity   in   the   air ,   more   or   less   product   applied ,   etc .   br   br   on   all   six   days   i   followed   the   same   exact   routine   water   temp   shampoo   conditioner   other   hair   product   br   br   here   s   what   i   found   br   br   the   sedu   revolution   dried   my   hair   approximately   one   to   two   minutes   faster   than   the   harry   josh   on   all   days .   on   average ,   using   the   sedu ,   it   took   about   5   30   min   to   get   my   hair   dry   and   approx   7   minutes   to   dry   it   with   the   harry   josh .   br   br   the   harry   josh   did   make   my   hair   a   slightly   smoother ,   but   nothing   really   earth   shattering .   br   br   i   decided   to   keep   my   sedu   and   return   the   harry   josh .   br   br   note   my   hair   is   slightly   longer   than   shoulder   length ,   curly ,   fine ,   and   a   little   frizzy .   it   s   also   color   treated .   br   br   so   all   in   all ,   i   highly   recommend   the   sedu   revolution   tgr   4000i   dryer .   even   though   it   s   expensive   it   s   totally   worth   it   if   you   straighten   your   hair   a   lot .   i   m   thrilled   with   mine . r   other   hair   product   br   br   here   s   what   i   found   br   br   the   sedu   revolution   dried   my   hair   approximately   one   to   two   minutes   faster   than   the   harry   josh   on   all   days .   on   average ,   using   the   sedu ,   it   took   about   5   30   min   to   get   my   hair   dry   and   approx   7   minutes   to   dry   it   with   the   harry   josh .   br   br   the   harry   josh   did   make   my   hair   a   slightly   smoother ,   but   nothing   really   earth   shattering .   br   br   i   decided   to   keep   my   sedu   and   return   the   harry   josh .   br   br   note   my   hair   is   slightly   longer   than   shoulder   length ,   curly ,   fine ,   and   a   little   frizzy .   it   s   also   color   treated .   br   br   so   all   in   all ,   i   highly   recommend   the   sedu   revolution   tgr   4000i   dryer .   even   though   it   s   expensive   it   s   totally   worth   it   if   you   straighten   your   hair   a   lot .   i   m   thrilled   with   mine .
dryer   so   far   it   is   all   that   it   promised   works   well ,   and   is   very   compacted   would   i   recommend   it   yes ..   very   pleased ...
works   great   love   it !   this   works   great   and   has   really   helped   cut   down   on   my   static !   also   my   hair   feels   so   much   better   now   that   i   am   not   using   my   cheapie   blow   dryer !
very   good ,   one   small   issue   this   replaces   a   revlon   ionic ,   ceramic   unit   that   has   worked   well   for   several   years .   this   unit   is   smaller ,   lighter ,   just   as   powerful   and   much   quieter .   the   only   minor   gripe   is   the   thumb   slide   switches   are   a   little   tough   to   use .   not   insurmountable ,   but   if   the   ribs   on   the   slider   were   a   bit   taller ,   this   would   be   a   non   issue .   i   like   the   black   finish ... it   is   a   rubber   like   non   skid .   this   helps   keep   it   from   slipping   off   the   counter .   all   in   all ,   a   pretty   good   unit .   btw ,   this   unit   does   emit   ions   and   they   cannot   be   switched   off .
great   product   after   using   the   onei   flat   iron   i   decided   to   see   what   other   onei   products   i   could   purchase .   this   blow   dryer   is   fabulous .   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   and   because   of   the   dryers   power ,   my   blow   dry   time   has   been   shortened .   every   time   i   use   this   dryer   i   feel   like   i   am   at   a   salon   because   the   blow   dryer   is   top   of   the   line .   no   more   blow   dry   bars   for   me .   i   am   more   then   happy   to   blow   dry   my   own   hair   with   the   onei   hair   dryer .
works   fine   but   the   switches   are   fiddly   this   is   an   ordinary   hair   dryer ,   and   it   works   fine .   not   too   heavy   or   inconvenient   in   any   way   except   those   switches   which   are   kind   of   34   fiddly .   34   they   have   a   loose ,   cheap   feel ,   but   it   s   not   really   a   big   problem .
good   with   a   reasonable   price ,   this   conair   hair   dryer   is   good !   have   tried   it   for   couple   times ,   it   did   perform   a   great   work !
great   drier   !   can   t   beat   it   for   the   price !   has   all   the   options   you   need .   i   would   recommend   to   anyone .   also   like   that   it   s   fairly   quiet .
just   ok   what   i   really   hate   is   the   strong   bell   when   the   timer   is   over .. right   in   your   ears ,   not   fun   at   all .
i   love   evrything   about   this   hair   dryer   it   s   the   perfect   size .   a   great   weight .   retractable !   the   handle   folds   it   drys   very   well !   best   hair   dryer   ever !   after   reading   some   of   the   bad   reviews   i   was   reluctant   to   buy   it   but   i   m   sure   glad   i   did !
nice   this   is   a   nice   hair   dryer .   i   use   it   on   warm   high .   it   still   takes   a   while   to   get   my   hair   dry .   still ,   with   dryer ,   it   is   much   smoother   than   with   my   last   con   air .
solid   little   dryer   with   good   power   i   m   a   big   world   traveller   this   is   the   best   one   i   ve   used .   small   lightweight .   seemed   about   right   the   right   price .
limited   life   but   awesome   while   it   lasts   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   4   yrs .   best   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   bit   heavy   but   not   unbearable .   problem   is   the   finish   degrades .   it   now   disgustingly   sticky .   if   you   know   nars   cosmetics   compacts ,   that   how   it   gets .   i   m   tempted   to   buy   another   one   but   looking   for   similar   without   that   rubberized   finish .
my   favorite   little   dryer   i   can   t   find   this   at   my   local   store   anymore   and   i   just   love   it ...   so   glad   i   found   it   here   and   bought   this   as   a   backup .   works   well   and   seems   to   last   a   long   time .   have   had   about   4   of   them   so   far   over   the   years   ...   wouldn   t   use   anything   else   if   i   can   help   it .
not   worth   it   i   purchased   1   and   it   stopped   working   in   only   a   few   months   with   only   a   few   uses   per   week .   i   contacted   customer   service   and   they   wanted   100   plus   14.95   to   replace   it .   they   don   t   stand   by   their   products   claiming   that   the   serial   numbers   aren   t   enough   to   authenicate   their   products .   blah   blah   blah .   not   worth   the   price   tag   and   doesn   t   live   up   to   the   hype .
too   powerful   low   speed   is   not   very   low .   it   blows   away   my   hair .   had   to   go   back   to   old   hair   dryer .   very   disappointed .
nice   the   conair   1875   watt   turbo   styler   with   ionic   conditioning   is   quite   strong ...   also   the   price   is   nice .   so   i   really   like   it
pointless   while   preparing   for   a   few   weeks   in   europe ,   my   girlfriend   mentioned   bringing   her   hair   dryer .   i   explained   that   hair   dryers   can   t   simply   be   plugged   into   an   adapter .   you   need   a   complicated ,   often   expensive ,   voltage   converter   that   can   handle   the   power   draw   of   a   high   wattage   appliance .   br   br   i   figured   for   the   price   of   a   converter   we   could   likely   just   find   a   220v   hair   dryer   and   then   rather   than   carry   her   giant   hair   dryer ,   and   a   bulky   converter ,   we   d   just   have   one   compact   device .   br   br   as   it   turns   out ,   we   stayed   in   several   hotels ,   and   all   of   them   had   hair   dryers   in   them .   we   didn   t   need   to   bring   anything   at   all .   moreover ,   this   one   is   pretty   weak ,   and   the   ones   in   the   hotels   tended   to   be   much   better .   br   br   so   my   advice   is   this   if   you   re   going   to   europe ,   don   t   bother   buying   and   packing   a   hair   dryer .   just   use   the   one   in   the   hotel .   and   if   you   should   happen   to   find   yourself   in   a   hotel   that   doesn   t   have   one ,   you   can   probably   buy   something   better   than   this   one   for   about   the   same   money   while   you   re   there ,   and   you   ll   have   saved   yourself   the   hassle   of   packing   it .
works   wonderfully ! !   light   weight ,   quickly   dries   your   hair   and   runs   quietly .   i   also   love   the   attachments   that   come   with   it .   great   deal !
hair   blower   o   k   when   i   first   purchased   this   hair   blower ,   i   had   doubts   as   the   price   was   very   reasonable .   when   it   was   finially   installed ,   it   worked   very   well .   perhaps   not   as   fancy   as   the   more   exspensive   units ,   but   for   the   most   part   it   is   very   good   . i   highly   recomend   this   hair   blower
love   this   hair   dryer !   this   hair   dryer   folds   up   nicely ,   the   cord   retracts   smoothly   the   settings   are   also   perfect   and   do   not   burn   my   hair .
great   for   travel   love   this   hair   dryer !   perfect   for   travel   because   of   what   little   space   it   takes   up   and   the   retractable   cord   is   a   blessing !
it   s   ok   only   lasted   about   a   year   and   then   burned   up .   it   is   only   used   once   a   day   or   so   and   you   would   think   it   should   last   longer .
skip   this   one   bulky   and   heavy ,   the   cord   doesn   t   fully   retract   into   the   unit .   the   power   switch   broke   on   the   third   use   so   i   couldn   t   shut   it   off   and   had   to   unplug   while   running .   returned .
awesome !   works   as   promised !   i   also   looked   at   it   and   thought   i   had   received   a   toy   hairdryer   but   it   works   works   works !   i   took   it   with   me   on   my   trip   to   wa   and   all   three   family   members   used   it   daily .   it   is   quick !   it   does   not   cause   fizz   or   flyaways .   the   attachments   are   plastic   but   for   the   price   it   works   wonderfully .   will   buy   again   and   recommend   it   to   the   ladies   ps   the   zebra   bag   was   a   delight   to   use   for   travel   and   for   personal   when   travel   is   over  
retractable   cord   the   retractable   cord   is   already   stalling   out   on   me   and   i   just   got   the   hair   dryer .   it   works   great   but   don   t   expect   miracles   with   the   cord .
i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   have   been   looking   for   a   good   replacement   for   my   old   remington   hair   dryer   i   finally   found   it !   i   love   it   because   it   dries   my   hair   super   fast ,   it   has   very   strong   blowing   power !   my   hair   dries   silky   straight   just   how   i   like   it .   this   dryer   is   also   pretty   quiet ,   it   doesn   t   have   that   loud   high   pitched   noise   like   most   dryers   do .   it   might   be   a   little   heavy   to   some   people   that   are   not   used   to   professional   hair   dryers   but   the   weight   doesn   t   bother   me ,   it   weighs   the   same   as   my   old   one .   i   m   not   sure   why   some   people   wrote   reviews   about   the   dryer   sucking   in   their   hair ,   i   have   had   no   issues   with   that   whatsoever .   i   am   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer   i   highly   recommend   it   to   others .
great   product   for   the   price   i   ve   only   used   this   dryer   for   a   few   weeks ,   but   so   far   so   good .   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   only   need   to   use   medium   speed   on   medium   heat   to   get   everything   dry   in   10   minutes .   the   ongoing   polar   vortex   combined   with   my   own   bleary   negligence   every   morning   is   a   pretty   good   litmus   test   for   any   product ,   but   i   ve   only   gotten   my   hair   stuck   in   it   once   and   it   s   not   so   hot   i   ve   damaged   my   hair .   when   all   is   said   and   done ,   i   m   fairly   impressed .   with   the   dryer   not   myself .
great   deal   and   compact   love   the   travel   hair   dryer .   it   folds   down   to   take   up   less   place .   the   diffuser   works   great   with   my   curly   hair   and   it   has   hot   cold   air   options .
great   little   travel   hairdryer   can   t   believe   how   small   and   yet   powerful   this   little   thing   is !   best   travel   hairdryer   ever   thanks   to   the   ultra   compact   size   and   low   wattage .   will   be   perfect   for   our   trip   to   europe .   wife   used   it   a   few   times   to   see   how   it   worked   and   she   is   34   blown   away   34   excuse   the   bad   pun   .   it   really   is   all   you   could   want   in   a   travel   sized   hair   dryer   and   you   won   t   believe   how   small   it   is ,   but   don   t   let   that   scare   you   away !
best   hair   dryer   ever !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   fast ,   and   makes   my   hair   very   shiny   and   straight .   i   used   to   use   revlon   hair   drier   from   drug   store   which   is   about   15 .   revlon   hair   dryer   usually   stops   working   after   one   year   from   purchase   and   makes   my   hair   very   dry   and   unhealthy .   this   panasonic   hair   dryer   is   a   little   pricy   compared   to   regular   dryer   you   can   get   from   drug   store   but   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   it   s   worth   it .   the   finish   of   the   body   prevents   your   fingerprints   to   stick   even   though   you   have   hair   cream   or   hand   cream   on   your   hand   so   you   can   keep   the   beautiful   appearance   of   the   dryer .   i   feel   my   hair   has   been   healthier   and   shinier   with   this .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
love   my   new   hairdryer   i   love   this   brand   and   model   of   hairdryer .   i   had   a   blue   one   exactly   like   this   for   about   5   years ,   and   it   was   the   most   durable   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   had .   i   would   say   this   one   was   not   as   hot   as   my   last ,   but   still   a   very   decent   hairdryer .   i   would   definitely   recommend !
i   returned   this   one   right   away   said   it   had   three   speeds   but   it   really   only   had   two .   temperature   was   either   too   hot   or   not   hot   enough .
i   had   no   idea   a   hair   dryer   could   make   such   a   difference !   my   hair   has   never   been   shiner   and   instantly   silkier !   i   was   honestly   shocked .   i   used   to   blow   dry   my   hair   with   an   ionic   hair   dryer   but   sedu   s   ionizer   is   drasticly   different .   i   use   2   setting   hot   first   to   get   rid   of   excess   moisture   and   then   finish   with   1   warm   while   using   a   boars   bristle   brush .   i   used   to   spend   a   long   time   drying ,   only   to   end   up   with   large   frizzy   hair ,   and   then   spend   even   more   time   using   a   flat   iron   and   my   hair   never   even   came   near   the   smoothness   utter   silkiness   that   using   the   sedu   revolution   has   afforded   me .   i   have   not   once   used   my   flat   iron   since   the   first   use   of   this   ionic   dream   of   a   hair   dryer .   my   boyfriend   literally   was   amazed   as   well   when   he   saw   me   after   less   than   10   minutes   of   use   and   he   couldn   t   stop   touching   my   hair !   br   i   ve   never   written   a   review   like   this   but   i   hope   if   that   you   are   on   the   fence   due   to   the   price   give   it   a   try   and   you   will   not   be   disappointed .
loud ! !   we   were   using   japanese   brand   hair   dryer   before   this   but   it   broke   so   we   had   to   get   another   one .   i   don   t   know   it   s   all   american   brand   or   what   but   this   thing   is   soooo   loud ! !   i   was   watching   video   on   my   laptop   in   the   next   door   and   i   could   not   hear   the   video   even   with   max   volume .   it   does   dry   the   hair   up   real   nice   but   it   just   really   loud ! !   we   were   just   so   used   to   japanese   brand   high   quality   quiet   hair   dryer ,   this   thing   is   a   monster .   if   you   don   t   care   about   the   loudness ,   go   for   it .   it   does   work   like   it   advertise .   as   a   dryer   works   awesome !
wallmount   conair   hair   dryer   i   find   it   very   handy   for   my   daily   hair   drying .   my   grand   daughter   comes   here   when   she   is   in   a   hurry   to   dry   her   hair .
makes   wonders ....   this   hair   dryer   makes   my   hair   nice   and   smooth .   i   always   tried   to   avoid   any   hair   dryer ,   because   they   all   made   my   hair   frizzier .   this   hair   dryer   got   my   attention   in   the   store ,   so   i   went   on   line   at   amazon ,   found   good   reviews   and   good   price   and   i   bought   it .   i   couldn   t   believe ,   when   i   got   such   a   nice   result   after   the   first   time   i   used   it .   i   am   using   right   now   for   2   months   and   i   am   still   happy   with   it .   no   regrets .
good   for   6   months   to   a   year   the   concept   of   this   hair   dryer   is   great   retractable   cord ,   folds   for   travel ,   ceramic   technology ,   etc .   it   works   well   when   it   works ,   however   its   only   good   for   6   months   to   a   year .   i   bought   my   first   one   in   may   2012   and   it   blew   up   in   dec   2012 .   bought   a   replacement   in   dec   2012   and   this   one   just   blew   up   in   jan   2014 .   blew   up   pop ,   fizzle ,   smoke .   i   like   the   hair   dryer ,   but   there   s   an   obvious   trend   i   m   not   willing   to   risk   anymore .   br   br   update   after   reading   some   of   the   other   reviews ,   i   learned   about   the   5   year   warranty .   i   contacted   andis ,   and   all   i   had   to   do   was   send   in   my   amazon   receipt .   they   sent   out   two   new   hairdryers   within   days .   i   am   happily   using   the   hair   dryer   again   and   have   a   spare .   i   upgraded   from   3   to   4   stars   based   on   the   fantastic   warranty   and   customer   service .
jerdon   hair   dryer   i   buy   one   of   these   wall   mount   dryers   every   time   my   old   dryer   is   exhausted .   br   i   use   it   everyday   and   it   lasts   a   long   time   before   replacing   it .   i   am   pleased   br   with   its   durability .
the   best   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer   not   only   because   it   is   designed   for   travel   but   that   it   has   better   air   flow   than   any   other   hair   dryer   my   wife   has   bought .   these   things   are   disposable   and   at   this   price   that   makes   that   part   more   than   acceptable .
the   sunbeam   oster   1500   watt   wall   mounted   hair   dryer .   i   love   it .   i   really   do .   what   more   can   i   say   i   mounted   it   on   the   wall   and   have   used   it   since   i   got   it .   thank   you !
quit   working   after   5   weeks   purchased   this   model   because   it   had   all   the   features   i   was   looking   for .   after   about   5   weeks   it   will   not   heat   up   only   blows   barely   warm   air .
so   convenient   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   i   wanted   one   i   didn   t   have   to   put   away   every   day   or   have   lying   around   with   the   cord   all   bunched   up .   this   fit   the   bill   perfectly .   it   s   on   the   wall ,   out   of   the   way   and   always   ready .
broke   in   less   than   8   month   got   this   for   the   wife ,   who   uses   it   once   twice   a   week .   for   a   while   she   was   happy   with   it ,   but   then   it   started   work   intermittently   with   the   heat   cutting   off   and   then   it   completely   stopped   heating   up .   we   had   had   many   blow   dryers   in   the   past   and   they   usually   last   a   couple   of   years ,   even   the   cheap   ones ,   so   its   pretty   disappointing   for   a   professional   grade   product   to   last   less   than   a   year   in   a   light   use   household   environment .
color   changes   product   i   ordered   this   hair   dryer   for   an   upcoming   european   trip .   i   chose   the   black   colored   dryer   over   the   white   and   got   a   different   product .   the   black   is   only   for   usa   use   and   is   lower   voltage   than   the   white .
love   this   dryer .   this   is   my   second   vidal   sassoon   dryer .   br   i   bought   a   second   one   for   travel .   br   i   like   the   fact   that   it   has   3   heat   and   2   speed   settings .   br   i   may   just   get   another   for   future   use .
love   it   ! !   saw   this   at   first   in   a   great   hotel   and   ordered   right   when   i   got   home .   love   the   wattage   ,   the   look ,   br   the   compactness   and   easy   storage ! ! ! ! !
perfect   does   exactly   what   it   needs   to   do .   solid   and   durable .   gets   so   hot   makes   you   wanna   smack   yo   mama .   buy   it .
great   product   i   had   an   andis   hair   dryer   for   at   least   8   years   until   it   died   on   me   recently .   br   the   replacement   is   wonderful   product   still   as   reliable   as   it   was   before !
great   product ! !   very   powerful   and   dries   hair   fast !   i   purchased   this   for   my   mom   and   she   absolutely   loves   it .   the   wall   mount   is   very   handy   so   it   doesn   t   need   rolled   up   every   day   like   traditional   ones .
great   hair   dryer !   i   was   hesitant   to   buy   ths   hair   dryer   because   its   only   1875   watts ,   i   started   to   buy   a   2000   watt   dryer ,   but   chose   this   one   instead ...... i   have   shoulder   length   hair   and   this   hair   dryer   dries   my   hair   in   about   6   minutes ,   i   love   the   color   and   also   the   fact   that   it   has   different   heat   settings   and   speeds ,   so   glad   i   purchased   it
christmas   present ,   but   i   also   use   this   hair   dryer .   i   like   it   better   than   the   1   we   originally   had ,   but   my   daughter   doesn   t   think   it   puts   out   as   much   air .   so   since   i   m   the   1   writing   the   review ,   i   give   it   5   stars .   love   the   retractable   cord !
new   dryer   after   a   few   years   of   use   my   old   hair   dryer   died   on   me .   so   i   got   this   one ,   its   been   working   great   so   far .   it   has   a   few   attachments   with   it   to   help   you   with   different   styles .
good .   at   this   point   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   over   a   year .   i   don   t   have   any   complaints   it   works   well .   i   blow   dry   my   hair   about   5   days   a   week .
does   not   sit   flush ...   as   another   reviewer   pointed   out ,   this   dryer   does   not   sit   flush   with   the   wall .   you   can   see   the   metal   mounting   plate   behind   the   unit .   there   is   at   least   a   1   4   inch   gap   between   the   wall   and   dryer .   if   seems   to   work   fine   otherwise .   br   br   if   you   re   worried   about   the   finished   look   of   the   product ,   do   not   buy   this .
for   a   cheap   hair   drier   it   does   a   good   job .   bought   it   for   the   girl   friend   for   when   she   stays   here .   she   likes   it   and   she   has   a   fair   amount   of   thick   hair .   2   temperature   settings   and   a   hi   low   fan   switch .   unit   does   its   job .
lightweight ,   great   for   travel ,   but   very   loud   i   bought   this   hairdryer   because   i   wanted   one   small   and   lightweight   for   traveling .   i   have   used   it   on   2   trips   so   far ,   and   it   works   very   well   and   is   easy   to   pack .   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   is   that   it   is   much   louder   than   other   hairdryers   i   have   used .   since   i   only   use   this   for   traveling   and   not   for   regular   home   use ,   that   isn   t   too   much   of   a   problem ,   though
good   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   dryer   for   travel   but   i   am   using   it   regularly   at   home .   it   s   good   weight   although   it   s   not   lighter   than   my   regular   dryer .   i   had   hoped   for   a   little   less   weight   but   i   like   it   anyway .   i   also   noticed   that   it   is   far   quieter   than   my   old   dryer .   although   not   essential ,   it   was   good   to   find   something   besides   black ... why   are   colors   so   hard   to   find   this   is   definitely   a   thumbs   up   34   product .
very   nice   product   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer .   the   light   is   a   nice   feature .   it   is   a   bit   bright   though   as   i   already   purchased   one   of   these   a   couple   of   yrs   ago   and   the   light   was   better .
love   it !   it   is   very   powerful   and   also   smaller   than   my   old   hair   dryer   and   so   handles   very   well   for   my   small   hands .   it   s   always   ready   at   a   second   s   notice .
expensive   hair   dryer   but   well   worth   it !   this   is   a   professional   hair   dryer .   it   dries   hair   quickly   and   it   lasts   and   can   be   repaired .   i   would   highly   recommend   it .
basic   hairdryer .   nothing   fancy ,   but   does   the   job   the   hairdryer   is   basic ,   but   works   fine .   average   noise   level .   my   only   complaint   is   the   cord   is   shorter   than   other   models   i   ve   owned .
like   it   very   good   i   really   like   it   also   used   for   facial   which   is   amazing .   kinda   expensive .   but   worth   the   money   haha
just   an   okay   dryer   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   as   a   gift .   the   recipient   did   not   like   how   bulky   and   heavy   it   was   so   i   ended   up   returning   it .   i   also   tried   the   hair   dryer   prior   to   returning   it .   i   feel   that   it   did   not   have   the   necessary   amount   of   actual   heat   i   need   to   dry   my   hair   in   a   timely   fashion .   i   was   attempting   to   do   a   blow   out   as   i   normally   do   and   this   really   did   not   help   straighten   out   any   waves   curls .
i   love   it .   this   product   id   great .   really   dries   your   hair   without   frizzing .   only   complaint   is   its   a   little   heavy ,   but   all   in   all   great   dryer
bonnet   style   hood   hair   dryer   as   i   tolld   you   before .   this   item   came   broken   and   had   to   trash   it .   haven   t   the   foggiest   if   it   was   any   good   or   not .
perfect   i   love   this   drier   as   it   is   compact ,   folds ,   takes   little   space   in   the   suitcase   and   works   well .   i   don   t   use   it   often   as   it   stays   in   my   suitcase   and   is   ready   for   the   next   trip .
good   hair   dryer !   i   discovered   this   hair   dryer   while   on   a   vacation   with   my   husband .   it   was   a   high   end   hotel   that   we   stayed   in .   i   was   in   need   of   a   new   dryer   and   the   power   this   one   emitted   was   exceptional .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   bonus .   it   s   not   the   quietest   hair   dryer   but ,   it   isn   t   obnoxious ,   either .   you   gotta   expect   some   noise   with   that   much   power .   i   love   it .
don   t   buy   this   hair   dryer   arrived   today   and   i   used   it   to   dry   my   hair .   it   took   forever   to   get   my   hair   almost   dry   by   which   time   i   gave   up   on   it .   my   last   hair   dryer   dried   my   hair   in   5   min ,   this   one   took   20   and   wasn   t   totally   dry .   the   switches   for   the   heat   and   speed   are   right   where   you   put   your   fingers   and   very   sensitive ,   so   it   was   difficult   to   keep   from   switching   temps   or   speeds .   after   my   hair   was   done ,   it   was   flat   and   limp   and   definitely   not   shiny .   no   volume   at   all .   don   t   waste   your   money .
get   rid   of   the   cord   tangle   it   s   so   nice   to   be   able   to   have   the   cord   wind   itself   up   inside   the   dryer   and   out   of   the   way .
best   dryer   i   am   on   my   second   one   of   these ,   i   love   them   so   much .. i   had   the   original   for   five   years   and   it   started   to   make   a   little   noise .. didn   t   want   to   be   without   one ,   so   i   ordered   a   second , .. my   best   friend   is   still   using   it   and   i   have   my   new   one .
nice   size   for   travel   purchased   this   travel   iron   after   my   previous   one   burned   up .   this   one   is   compact   and   i   love   the   retractable   cord .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   was   pleased   to   find   a   travel   iron   with   1875   watts .
andis   hair   dryer   it   dries   hair   very   quickly   and   without   frizz   but   is   too   loud .   also   there   are   2   speeds   but   heat   isn   t   adjustable   lower   speed   means   less   heat .
great   dryer   this   dryer   is   different   than   any   dryer   i   have   had   before .   first   off   its   very   light .   second   it   doesn   t   ruin   your   hair   like   normal   dryers   do   with   high   heat .   this   still   produces   heat   but   not   like   the   old   dryers   that   will   burn   your   hair   off .
product   stopped   working   after   using   it   only   2   times   don   t   buy ,   product   stopped   working   after   using   it   only   2   times ... waste   of   time   and   money ... very   disapointed ... had   good   reviews   but   certainly   didn   t   live   up   to   them ..
conair   i   never   received   it .   but   went   out   to   get   another   and   hated   it .   it   does   not   have   a   warm   just   hot   so   i   burnt   my   hair   and   my   childrens   to   the   point   my   hair   is   damaged   in   front .   i   do   not   like   this   product   at   all .   besides   the   color   i   would   never   let   anyone   use   this   product .
wonderful   product   i   love   the   color   and   the   convent   hanging   loop . the   switches   could   be   simpler   and   larger . it   s   a   light   in   weight   product .
ok   for   the   price   but   does   not   heat   enough   frankly ,   i   used   to   have   a   conair   1875   watts   that   was   much   better   than   this   one .   it   barely   could   blow   and   definitely   not   hot   enough .   i   gave   it   to   my   mom   since   it   s   small   and   very   light   and   she   doesn   t   have   much   hair ,   but   it   was   unusable   for   me .   still   searching   for   a   good   hair   blower ...
pretty   nifty   pretty   nifty   for   my   weekend   cabin   guesthouse   and   great   for   my   rv .   just   like   the   ones   at   the   hotels .   nice   to   have   it   on   the   wall   and   out   of   the   way .
so   convenient   ...   i   have   used   this   hairdryer   many   times   in   many   hotel   and   have   always   been   pleased .   br   it   s   comfortable ,   looks   sharp ,   and   has   different   settings .   br   i   bought   1   for   each   bathroom   in   my   new   home   near   the   beach .   family   and   friends   will   have   the   br   convenience   of   not   having   to   travel   with   a   hairdryer .
has   some   issues   this   hair   dryer   is   heavy .   and   pretty   huge .   also ,   it   s   hard   to   hold   it   by   the   handle   because   the   rocker   switches   for   power   and   heat   are   in   the   way   of   your   fingers ,   so   you   have   to   practice   in   order   to   not   change   the   settings   during   use .   when   set   on   hot   high ,   the   velocity   of   the   air   is   very   good ,   but   it   s   not   hot   at   all   the   air   is   barely   warm   which   is   fine   for   drying ,   but   certainly   not   good   for   styling .   it   did   minimize   my   static   flyaway   hair ,   but   since   i   had   to   use   my   old   34   hot   34   dryer   to   style ,   i   lost   that   benefit   and   had   to   add   leave   in   conditioner   to   de   electrify   my   hair .   the   price   was   good ,   hence   the   two   stars ,   but   i   don   t   recommend .   probably   better   for   short   hair .
love   this   hair   drier !   bought   this   to   replace   my   extremely   old   dryer .   this   thing   is   fantastic .   it   now   only   takes   me   10   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   after   its   air   dried   for   a   while   but   still   and   gotta   love   aa   product   that   supports   such   a   good   cause .
this   is   a   really   good   blow   dryer .   i   needed   a   fast   blow   dryer   that   wasn   t   too   expensive   or   really   loud .   this   one   did   the   trick .   i   ve   had   it   for   awhile   now   and   it   s   really   held   up .   with   me   and   my   three   teenage   daughters   using   it ,   that   s   really   saying   something .
great   dryer   i   was   looking   for   a   lightweight   and   quiet   dryer .   this   is   perfect .   although   i   do   not   need   the   long   cord   now ,   it   would   have   been   great   in   other   bathrooms .   love   the   quiet   .   it   is   replacing   an   old   brookstone   that   was   very   quiet   but   also   pretty   heavy .
super   quiet   this   is   very ,   very   quiet .   it   has   the   longest   cord .   i   have   ever   seen   on   a   dryer .   i   don   t   understand   the   ion   thing .
works   like   a   charm !   i   considered   shelling   out   some   serious   cash   to   buy   a   high   end   blow   dryer   but   then   i   realized   that   s   stupid ... and   i   m   cheap ,   so   i   bought   this   instead   and   i   honestly   could   not   be   happier !   i   have   long   hair   like   to   the   middle   of   my   back   and   it   s   pretty   thick   and   this   dryer   dries   my   hair   in   under   10   minutes .   my   last   dryer   took   for . ev . er   so   to   avoid   getting   stared   down   by   my   husband   and   watching   the   hate   build   in   his   eyes   because   i   was   taking   so   long   to   get   ready   and   thus   withholding   whatever   meal   we   are   trying   to   go   eat   from   him ,   i   would   just   not   bother   drying   and   curling   my   hair   and   instead   would   just   rock   my   natural   fro   but   with   this   new   dryer   i   can   do   my   hair   and   still   get   out   of   the   house   quickly   relatively ,   anyway   .   br   br   i   recommend   this   dryer   highly !   no   need   to   waste   your   hard   earned   cash   on   a   high   end   dryer   this   one   does   the   job !
andis   professional   1875   watt   ceramic   ionic   hair   dryer   black   chrome ...   i   love   the   look   and   the   power   of   the   dryer   but   something   about   the   ion   makes   my   hair   greasy .   other   then   that   it   s   a   great   product .
not   a   good   buy   this   hairdryer   did   not   hold   up   well .   the   attachments   do   not   stay   on   very   well   and   the   plastic   around   the   handle   is   peeling   off .   i   would   not   recommend .
best   hairdryer   hands   down   this   thing   dries   my   hair   super   quick .   cuts   my   morning   routine   in   half   and   my   hair   is   way   smoother   since   i   bought   this .   doesn   t   get   super   hot   but   very   powerful !
onei   mk   hair   dryer   i   never   realized   how   much   difference   a   good   hair   dryer   makes   on   your   hair ! !   i   m   a   cancer   survivor   and   have   been   growing   out   my   hair .   i   needed   a   new   hair   dryer   and   i   didn   t   want   another   one   from   the   drugstore .   i   started   researching   hair   dryers   on   the   internet   and   kept   reading   about   the   onei   hair   dryer .   i   love   the   different   settings   and   it   s   light   weight   in   your   hand .   just   wish   it   had   a   retractable   cord .   it   s   a   great   medium   priced   product .   you   certainly   could   pay   a   lot   more   for   a   hair   dryer   but   the   onei   is   perfect ! !
fast !   my   daughter   has   this   dryer   and   it   worked   so   well   i   wanted   one !   fast ,   fast ,   fast ,   and   i   have   a   lot   of   hair !
great   dryer   for   home   use   been   using   this   dryer   for   the   past   6   months   and   it   s   works   great .   the   hot   setting   is   not   34   burn   your   scalp   hot   34   but   warm   enough   to   dry   your   hair   rapidly .   great   for   styling   hair   also .
perfect   size   this   product   was   the   perfect   size   for   me   to   take   on   my   vacation   abroad .   it   took   very   little   room   to   pack   it   and   worked   well .
love   this   dryer   this   has   the   performance   i   was   looking   for .   i   have   fine ,   straight   hair   that   i   blowdry   almost   daily   and   this   has   the   power   to   not   only   cut   down   my   drying   time   but   also   makes   it   so   i   dont   have   to   use   the   flat   iron   as   much   because   it   powers   out   the   waves   i   do   have .   br   i   do   sometimes   hit   the   cool   button   by   accident   while   drying   because   of   where   its   located   on   the   handle   but   i   can   live   with   that .   br   my   sister   had   this   dryer   before   me   and   i   had   to   copy   her .   the   only   con   i   would   say   is   it   doesnt   get   super   hot   but   my   daughter   loves   that   about   it   when   i   blowdry   her   hair .
its   a   hair   dryer   purchased   based   on   reviews   and   two   features   folding   handle   and   retracting   cord .   useful   in   the   home   and   for   travel .   performs   as   advertised   and   rated .
great !   this   hair   dryer   works   well !   i   like   its   capacity   while   using   it   on   my   hair .   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   any   one   who   is   looking   for   a   simple   dryer .
died   in   4   months   i   like   the   hair   dryer   itself ,   while   it   was   working .   mine   lasted   4   months   and   completely   died .   now   i   have   to   figure   out   how   to   return   it ,   because   it   says   i   am   past   my   return   period   on   amazon   and   can   t   return   it   here .   would   not   do   this   again   because   it   is   too   much   of   a   hassle !
my   new   favorite   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   is   quiet ,   there   are   3   temperature   settings ,   hot   warm   cold ,   and   2   speed   settings .   i   love   the   retracting   cable ,   which   allows   for   easy   uncluttered   storage .   i   did   have   to   get   used   to   holding   it   securely   while   i   pressed   the   button   on   the   side   to   retract   the   cable ,   though ,   dropping   it   the   first   time ,   because   i   didn   t   have   a   good   hold   on   it .   i   had   really   long   hair   when   i   first   got   it ,   and   then   i   cut   my   hair   super   short   recently ,   so   i   have   yet   to   figure   out   how   the   diffuser   works .   i   can   t   wait   to   try   it   for   some   wavier   locks   once   my   hair   grows   out .   this   is   definitely   a   good   price   for   a   great   product !
blow   dryer   this   is   the   best   gift   my   sis   says   she   loves   it   thanks   for   this   product   it   is   a   winner .   thanks   again !
good   job   nice   weight   i   purchased   this   over   a   year   ago   and   my   husband   and   i   are   very   pleased   with   the   results . has   a   very   professional   look   and   performance
size   really   a   4.5   star   rating .   i   was   looking   for   a   travel   hairdryer .   this   is   the   only   hairdryer   that   i   could   find   that   had   the   retractable   cord .   that   does   making   packing   much   nicer   along   with   the   folding   handle .   the   handle   just   pulls   down   and   pushes   back   up   easily .   no   buttons   etc .   it   does   stay   in   place   when   using   it .   super   duper   drying   power !   br   product   dimensions   4.1   x   8.1   x   6.1   inches   1.6   pounds   br   that   said   it   is   bigger   and   heavier   than   i   wanted   for   travel   but   getting   smaller   like   i   have   had   in   the   past   and   can   t   find   didn   t   work   nearly   as   well .   i   am   one   half   star   down   because   the   size   seems   large   for   travel   which   would   be   the   point   of   the   design   i   would   think .   br   all   in   all ,   its   a   great   dryer   and   the   best   i   have   found   for   travel   and   function .
works   well   but   very   heavy   and   awkward   to   use .   have   no   problems   with   the   performance ,   durability .   works   as   it   should .   that   said ,   it   is   very ,   very   heavy .   is   like   blow   drying   your   hair   with   a   brick .   also ,   the   switches   are   badly   located .   often   find   myself   accidentally   shutting   it   off .
seems   great   i   ve   only   had   this   a   couple   weeks   but ,   so   far ,   it   s   living   up   to   expectations .   very   strong   on   high   dries   my   long   hair   quickly   and   is   quieter   than   my   old   one .
great   while   it   worked   this   is   a   good   dryer   while   it   lasts .   quiet ,   good   heat ,   not   too   heavy .   but   i   have   owned   it   less   than   six   months   and   yesterday   it   stopped   producing   heat ,   just   blew   cold   air .
turbo   hair   dryer .   absolutely   not   complaints   about   this   thing .   gives   off   lots   of   heat ,   has   adjustments   for   everything   and   it   retracts   the   cord   when   not   in   use .
fast   dry   the   design   is   extremely   well   done   with   a   fast   dry   and   not   that   heavy .   the   switches   are   out   of   the   way   and   there   no   accidently   switch   off   or   temperature   change .
vidal   sasson   hair   dryer   i   ve   had   2   conair   dryers   which   have   failed   me   in   the   last   couple   of   years .... this   has   ion   select   so   you   can   use   this   feature   if   you   want   or   turn   it   off .
excellent   for   curly   3a   4b   type   hair   this   dryer   is   so   easy   to   handle ,   dries   your   hair   quickly   without   drying   it   out   like   regular   blow   dryers   do   .   it   also   gets   your   hair   pretty   straight ,   so   you   only   have   to   go   over   it   with   a   ceramic   flat   iron   for   a   more   intense   shine   or   control   of   the   ends   of   your   hair   curl   or   flip   or   bend ,   etc ...  
great   hair   dryer   this   is   a   terrific   unit .   it   has   separate   heat   and   power   adjustments .   can   be   strong   or   gentle .   dried   my   thick   medium   length   hair   in   3   minutes .   every   bit   as   good   as   units   costing   4x   as   much .   why   would   you   buy   anything   else   my   previous   conair   lasted   over   10   years .
works   well   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   almost   4   1   2   years   now   and   never   have   had   a   problem   with   it .   i   bought   it   honestly   because   it   was   inexpensive   and   i   love   that   it   s   not   huge ,   makes   it   easier   to   handle   as   i   hate   blow   dryers   with   a   long ,   heavy   body .   the   way   folds   up   is   also   great   for   putting   it   away .   i   only   now   am   going   to   need   to   buy   a   diffuser   as   i   m   going   back   to   my   naturally   curly   hair .   that   s   the   only   complaint   i   have   and   hope   this   dryer   lasts   me   a   good   while   longer !
died   after   6   months   i   used   one   of   these   for   6   years   it   worked   well .   so   when   the   first   one   died ,   i   bought   another .   but   after   6   months   of   normal   use   it   died   and   i   now   need   a   third   one .   will   try   a   different   brand   this   time !
love   it ! !   i   love   my   andis   blow   dryer ! !   this   thing   is   great !   it   gets   super   hot ,   has   good   settings   you   can   adjust   if   you   don   t   want   the   hot   feature ,   and   it   really   is   professional   quality   even   though   i   feel   like   all   blow   dryers   say   professional   .   this   has   really   been   a   staple ,   espically   since   trying   to   transition   from   relaxed   to   natural   hair .   the   cord   could   be   a   tad   longer ,   but   i   would   have   a   30   foot   cord   on   all   my   gadgets   if   possible   so   it   may   just   be   me .   i   would   recommend   this   dryer .   i   only   use   one   nozzle   for   it   though ,   i   feel   like   the   other   nozzles   it   came   with   don   t   fit ,   however   i   could   just   be   mixing   them   up   because   i   ve   had   so   many   blow   dryers   throughout   the   years .
hair   dryer   it   has   great   power   for   such   a   little   hair   dryer .   i   have   very   thick   long   hair   and   it   does   a   great   job .
its   a   beautiful   dryer   not   hot   enough   because   the   blower   dryer   is   not   3000watts   is   only   1800watts .   and   for   the   type   of   hair   i   work   is   not   strong .
ceramic   hair   dryer   with   unique   features   this   was   a   requested   item   for   my   daughter   for   christmas .   i   don   t   use   this   so   i   can   t   comment   on   them   personally .   i   have   not   heard   from   her   as   to   whether   she   doesn   t   like   this   so   that   is   a   plus .   please   check   out   the   other   purchasers   that   use   this   for   a   more   concise   review .   i   m   always   glad   when   i   can   shop   on   amazon   for   anything   it   saves   me   time ,   gas ,   and   delivery   issues .
love   the   cord   i   gave   this   to   my   daughter   that   is   going   to   college   and   storage   is   a   big   concern .   she   has   only   had   this   for   about   3   weeks ,   but   i   love   the   cord   storage   feature .
great   hair   dryer   daughter   wanted   this   hairdryer .   she   loves   it .   compact   and   easy   to   hold .   color   scheme   is   great .   decent   price   compared   to   what   is   found   in   stores .
burned   my   thumb   i   don   t   know   if   its   lack   of   skills   on   my   part   or   lack   of   quality   in   this   product   but   it   just   doesn   t   do   what   i   expected .   also ,   when   i   used   the   highest   setting   i   literally ,   not   exaggerating ,   burned   skin   off   my   thumb .   i   don   t   know   if   i   touched   the   dryer   or   my   hair   while   it   was   hot   because   when   it   happened   i   didn   t   feel   it   at   first .   i   don   t   want   to   return   it   because   i   m   still   hoping   i   can   make   it   work   for   me .   br   when   i   get   someone   who   knows   how   to   make   my   hair   look   the   way   i   want   with   this   dryer   i   ll   update .
nice   tried   many   dryers ,   this   one   seems   the   best   i   had .   salient   point ,   hair   does   not   burn ,   it   dries .   which   is   what   a   dryer   should   do .
not   a   good   buy   had   this   dryer   a   little   over   a   year .   quit   getting   hot .   i   didn   t   use   it   very   often .   did   not   last !
this   product   does   not   work   in   220v   this   was   a   great   portable   option   for   travel   within   the   us ,   however ,   as   soon   as   i   took   it   out   of   the   country ,   and   switched   to   the   220v   setting   and   plugged   in ,   it   started   having   issues .   the   first   time   it   got   so   hot   that   it   literally   melted   a   part   of   the   diffuser   attachment .   after   that   it   just   stopped   blowing   unless   the   34   cool   34   button   was   pressed .   now   that   i   am   back   in   the   us ,   it   is   still   not   back   to   normal ,   it   barely   blows   at   all ,   and   the   light   is   flickering   and   unsteady .   very   unreliable .
great   price ,   great   product ...   i   used   to   have   a   babyliss   conair   s   high   end   line   and   it   started   giving   me   problems   roughly   4   weeks   into   having   it .   after   a   while   i   got   fed   up   with   the   babyliss   and   decided   to   purchase   this   well   rated   hair   dryer .   br   i   like   that   there   are   three   temperature   settings ,   good   air   flow ,   and   two   attachments   for   channeled   or   diffused   air .   i   have   curly   hair ,   so   i   use   both   attachments   and   are   happy   with   their   performance .   another   great   thing   about   this   product   is   that   i   can   feel   safe   that   the   intake   side   won   t   suck   up   my   long   hair   and   result   in   unfortunate   hair   loss .   the   mesh   is   good   quality   and   in   a   tight   configuration .   the   intake   is   also   very   easy   to   ope   close ,   which   makes   it   easy   to   clean   out   any   dust   that   may   accumulate   overtime .   whenever   i   clean   the   intake ,   i   feel   like   my   hair   dryer   is   new   since   the   air   flow   is   so   good   after   cleaning .   br   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   over   a   year   and   would   repurchase   it   for   the   price   and   functionality .
not   easy   to   style   hair   with   one   hand   switches   are   hard   to   push   up   and   down   ,   hard   to   operate   with   one   hand .   switches   get   stuck   and   need   both   hands   to   operate .   not   user   friendly .
simple   dyer   for   fine   for   the   money   its   fine   kind   of   small .   powerfull .   design   and   color   are   great . cord   is   short   too   dont   be   far   from   out   let
great   heat   and   cool   my   daughter   bought   this   for   me   for   christmas .   the   color   is   generic ,   but   i   must   say ,   it   works   fabulously !   a   lot   of   heat ,   a   lot   of   air ,   and   i   can   also   easily   push   a   button   for   cool   air   with   my   thumb   to   set   a   curl   with   a   round   brush .   i   can   turn   it   off   and   on   and   off   again   to   re   roll   my   hair   with   both   hands ,   without   it   refusing   to   turn   back   on   until   the   entire   machine   cools   down   10   minutes   later .   i   can   set   my   hair   with   it   in   about   5   minutes !   electric   cord   works   great   with   it ,   too .
infiniti   conair   223np   hair   dryer   affer   ownership   very   sturdily   built .   the   spring   loaded   wind   up   cord   works   well   and   has   a   powerful   motor .   i   gave   it   a   4   star   rating   for   two   reasons .   1   i   think   it   s   kind   of   heavy   and   2   the   slide   switches   are   difficult   to   operate   on   the   skinny   handle .   they   may   want   to   consider   push   buttons   that   lock   and   unlock   as   well   as   using   some   light   weight   manufacturing   materials   or   new   style   servo   on   the   next   model .   yeah ....   chinese ,   right   br   after   using   this   hair   dryer   that   i   purchased   on   nov   23   2013   as   it   turns   our   i   was   correct   in   my   assessment   of   the   cheap   switches .   they   failed   today   august   27 ,   2017 .   you   may   argue   that   just   south   of   4   years   is   plenty   for   a   hair   dryer ,   i   m   disappointed   in   this   product .   many   other   hair   dryer   manufacture   s   produce   a   product   that   lasts   twice   as   long .   you   be   the   judge ..........
excellent   hair   dryer   this   was   a   gift   and   i   couldn   t   have   chosen   a   better   product   myself .   i   am   able   to   dry   my   hair   in   about   half   the   time   w   o   a   lot   of   frizz .   it   is   light   weight   and   the   placement   of   the   controls   are   perfect .   no   accidental   control   switching   while   holding   and   styling .   never   heard   of   this   company   but   you   won   t   be   disappointed .   give   it   a   try .
love   this   hair   dryer !   this   is   such   an   amazing   hair   dryer !   it   does   my   hair   so   fast   and   doesn   t   leave   it   with   any   static .   i   will   buy   this   dryer   again   when   i   need   to !
requires   extra   work   for   mounting   by   screws .   the   product   itself   is   a   4   5   star   product .   it   is   just   right   for   my   wife   s   needs   and   the   night   light   is   a   welcome   plus .   the   3   stars   was   for   installation .   i   found   the   wall   stud   to   screw   the   back   plate   into   the   wall   for   security .   i   drilled   the   holes .   then   pulled   out   the   included   screws   and   to   my   surprise   found   out   that   the   holes   were   way   too   small   for   the   screws   to   fit   through .   i   had   to   go   to   the   shop   and   drill   out   the   holes   bigger .   this   took   several   trips   as   i   wanted   to   make   sure   they   weren   t   too   big   so   the   small   screw   head   would   just   go   through   the   hole .   very   frustrating   and   oh ,   so   avoidable   by   the   company .   once   installed ,   the   plate   makes   it   easy   to   get   the   product   on   and   off   the   wall .   i   hope   it   is   fixed   in   the   future .   if   this   had   been   for   an   older   woman   without   a   knowledge   of   drilling   out   metal ,   this   would   have   been   a   return .
this   one   s   a   keeper !   the   main   feature   of   this   dryer   that   i   find   most   appealing   is   the   power .   the   air   flow   is   strong   and   steady   which   expediates   the   hair   drying   process   when   minutes   matter .   i   also   enjoy   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   capability   an   asset   for   storage   and   travel .
great   has   different   settings   for   temperature   and   power .   works   great   so   far   and   comes   with   the   extra   parts   which   i   haven   t   yet   used   .
conair223np   hair   dryer   1875   watt   w   retractable   cord   i   purchased   this   dryer   for   a   relative   and   i   did   not   really   like   it .   i   noticed   that   the   retractable   cord   does   not   work   exactly   right   and   sometime   does   not   work   at   all .   i   see   paint   coming   off .   i   am   told   this   hairdryer   is   really   hot   in   temperature ,   perhaps   to   hot   for   hair   drying .   did   not   meet   my   expectations .   i   would   not   recommend   dryer   to   a   friend   or   relative ...   prompt   delivery .   r .   dawson
great   got   this   for   my   mom   for   her   birthday .   br   br   it   works   great   and   she   has   given   many   compliments   about   it .   good   dryer   apparently !
great   dryer ,   buying   another !   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   almost   5   years   and   it   has   never   given   me   any   trouble .   i   use   it   on   the   medium   or   low   heat   settings ,   and   the   low   speed   because   i   have   curly   hair .   i   also   use   a   salon   diffuser   which   fits   perfectly   hard   to   do   on   alot   of   dryers   .   i   keep   thinking   the   heat   switch   is   going   to   give   out   on   me   because   i   change   it   back   and   forth   so   often   during   drying   so   i   m   buying   another   as   a   backup .   but   so   far ,   so   good !
excellent   little   hair   dryer   with   big   performance !   was   looking   for   a   small ,   lightweight   hair   dryer   and   this   fits   the   bill   perfectly .   easy   to   handle   and   store   and   enough   power   to   get   the   job   done .   very   pleased   and   satisfied   with   this   purchase !
cheap   but   good .   on   my   3rd   or   4th   one !   i   am   my   3rd   of   4th   one   of   these .   in   my   experience ,   they   usually   last   about   1   3   years   of   daily   use   before   it   dies   and   you   have   to   buy   a   new   one .   it   doesn   t   do   anything   fantastic   for   my   hair ,   but   it   gets   the   job   done .   it   is   the   only   one   that   i   have   found   on   the   market   that   has   a   retractable   cord ,   and   for   that   reason   alone   i   continue   to   buy   these .   this   time   however ,   the   cord   stopped   retracting   about   two   months   of   using   it ,   so   that   was   really   unfortunate   will   continue   to   buy   until   i   find   something   better   at   a   decent   price   with   a   retractable   cord !
performs   as   advertised .   night   light   is   just   enough   to   see   but   not   keep   you   awake .   hair   dryer   is   great .   installs   either   with   screws   or   tape .
amazing   i   got   this   as   a   christmas   gift   in   2013   and   love   it ! ! ! !   easy   to   assemble ,   not   really   loud ,   and   super   convenient   because   you   can   set   it   up   any   where   in   the   house .   not   restricted   to   sitting   at   a   table   to   get   your   hair   done .
great   dryer !   great   hair   dryer   that   has   lasted   me   5   years   and   it   is   still   going   strong .   the   heat   and   power   settings   make   this   hair   dryer   very   versatile   for   many   hair   styles .
awesome   i   have   really   thick   hair   and   this   blow   dryer   dried   my   hair   in   no   time .   i   probably   will   not   use   the   diffuser   but   i   use   the   concentrator   nozzle .   overall ,   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   for   the   price .
wow   my   days   of   buying   20   or   less   hair   dryers   from   the   big   box   stores   are   over .   i   have   long   thick   hair   that   takes   forever   to   dry .   i   have   taken   to   wearing   a   pony   tail   far   too   often   because   it   is   such   a   pain   to   dry   my   hair .   i   am   very   sensitive   to   loud   noises   and   really   hate   high   pitched   wails .   hairdryers   always   made   me   cringe   and   using   low   speed   is   not   an   option   for   my   hair .   i   got   this   home   and   immediately   plugged   it   in   to   find   it   has   a   lower   pitched   noise   that   is   absolute   music   to   my   ears .   it   will   not   drive   me   nuts   and   i   will   no   longer   feel   like   i   am   waking   anyone   up   in   the   house   using   it .   it   also   cranks   out   the   air   and   has   excellent   settings   to   power   through   my   drying .   thanks   amazon   for   changing   my   life   through   exposure   to   products   that   actually   work !
very   happy   with   this   purchase !   i   have   spent   the   past   few   months   researching   several   different   hair   dryers   and   finally   decided   on   this   one .   i   m   so   glad   i   did !   i   have   super   thick ,   coarse ,   long ,   wavy   curly   hair   and   have   been   using   a   cheap   drugstore   dryer   for   the   past   several   years .   i   m   not   sure   why   i   never   realized   that   a   good   hair   dryer   could   make   such   a   difference ,   but   i   really   wish   i   had   figured   it   out   sooner !   i   learned   this   lesson   a   few   years   ago   when   it   comes   to   hair   straighteners   i   have   the   t3   mane   tamer   that   i   absolutely   adore .   so ,   i   started   there .   t3   has   a   few   different   dryers ,   all   with   positive   ratings ,   and   all   very   expensive .   i   wasn   t   convinced   that   it   would   be   worth   it   to   spend   that   much .   i   read   through   tons   of   reviews   for   this   onei   hair   dryer   and   was   happy   with   the   positive   reviews   and   the   price .   it   arrived   quickly   and   i   couldn   t   wait   to   get   it   out   of   the   box   and   use   it !   normally ,   i   spend   a   good   half   hour   to   45   mins   just   getting   my   hair   dry   not   blowing   it   out ,   not   using   any   brushes   or   styling   tools   techniques ,   just   getting   it   dry   so   that   i   can   use   my   flat   iron .   the   result   before   flat   ironing   is   what   i   like   to   call   my   34   white   girl   afro   34   it   is   big ,   it   is   fluffy   and   it   is   crazy !   br   after   reading   some   reviews   and   q   as ,   i   switched   on   the   negative   ion   button ,   got   my   round   brush   and   went   to   town .   i   could   not   believe   how   smooth   my   hair   got   just   from   blowing   it   dry .   my   technique   was   sadly   out   of   practice   and   i   did   end   up   using   my   flat   iron   on   a   few   spots ,   but   i   think   that   was   entirely   user   error   and   expect   it   to   get   better   with   a   little   practice .   i   really   believe   that ,   once   i   get   used   to   blowing   my   hair   out   again ,   i   will   be   able   to   dry   and   style   my   hair   with   no   flat   iron   required ! !   br   my   hair   was   so   smooth   and   very   shiny   in   the   end ,   i   was   so   happy   with   it .   the   dryer   itself   is   lightweight   and   comfortable   to   hold   and   use   and   i   love   all   the   options   it   has   with   heat   cool ,   fan   speed ,   etc .   the   buttons   are   perfectly   located   for   my   taste ,   not   in   the   way   at   all   and   no   risk   of   accidentallypushing   buttons   while   using .   i   also   love   that   there   is   both   a   cool   shot   if   you   just   need   a   quick   blast   of   cool   air   and   a   cool   temperature   setting   for   when   you   want   cool   air   for   an   extended   period   of   time   .   i   was   also   really   impressed   with   how   quiet   this   dryer   is .   when   i   first   turned   it   on ,   it   actually   made   me   a   little   nervous   because   it   was   so   quiet   and   i   was   afraid   it   wouldn   t   be   very   powerful ,   but   that   is   definitely   not   the   case   plenty   of   power   without   all   the   noise .   br   i   am   very ,   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer   and   would   absolutely   recommend   it .
not   crazy   about   it .   i   got   the   status   of   being   an   unhappy   customer   becasue   of   this   product .   it   didn   t   look   new   and   it   was   packaged   poorly .   however ,   i   didn   t   want   to   waste   the   time   to   return   it .   if   this   is   the   first   time   that   i   have   heard   from   you ,   then   so   be   it   i   bought   this   in   the   summertime .   yes   i   an   unhappy   about   this   product   and   i   still   do   care   for   it .......
doesnt   really   pack   a   punch   the   power   is   not   great .   it   takes   twice   the   time   to   dry   my   hair   as   with   a   standard   hair   dryer   with   a   diffuser   attachment
a   wonderful   travel   item   we   travel   a   lot ,   and   wanted   a   multi   voltage   hair   drier   that   will   also   work   on   220   volt .   the   handle   folds ,   and   it   is   a   wonderful   addition   to   our   travel .
why   did   i   wait   so   long   to   get   this   i   have   wanted   a   new   dryer   for   ages ,   but   kept   waiting   because   i   couldn   t   decide   on   what   to   get .   this   conair   is   a   great   choice .   i   never   realized   a   dryer   could   actually   be   quiet   do   such   a   great   job   on   thin ,   flat   hair .   br   the   hair   dryer   is   so   quiet ,   compared   to   my   old   one .   my   hair   is   smoother   with   no   static   electricity .   a   really   nice   dryer .   the   defuser   makes   my   hair   fuller   than   it   really   is .
bought   this   as   a   gift   for   someone   bought   this   as   a   gift   for   someone   and   they   loved   it .   i   even   tried   it   out   myself   and   want   one   of   my   own .   pricey ,   but   amazing !
love   it   we   had   one   previously   that   last   for   years !   glad   that   we   found   the   same   to   replace   it .   hope   this   lasts   as   long   as   the   last   one .   works   fgreat !
professional   bonnet   style   hood   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   everything   i   hoped   it   would   be .   it   is   simple   to   use   and   does   the   job .   i   have   my   hair   professionally   colored   and   highlighted .   i   have   used   blow   dryers ,   hot   curling   irons   and   hot   rollers   for   many   years   but   the   curl   and   body   i   get   from   hair   rollers   and   this   dryer   is   way   better   and   stays   curly   longer .   my   hair   actually   feels   like   it   did   when   i   was   younger .   my   only   complaint   is   the   dryer   came   with   a   broken   clip   that   holds   one   wheel   of   the   stand   on   and   no   instruction   booklet   for   use .   i   would   like   to   have   these   things ,   if   possible .
great   item   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   i   will   be   getting   another   one   for   my   guest   bathroom .   it   s   very   powerful   and   i   have   never   had   any   problems   with   it .
a   beautiful   and   versatile   hair   dryer   i   broke   my   very   old   hair   dryer   also   1875   watts   and   was   looking   for   a   good   replacement .   this   one   was   surprisingly   cheap   but   doesn   t   look   that   way   in   person .   the   matte   finish   look   and   feels   lovely   in   your   hands ,   and   it   has   some   weight   to   it   so   you   don   t   feel   like   it   s   going   to   break   if   you   wave   it   around .   i   have   shoulder   blade   length   hair   and   it   can   dry   my   hair   in   2   3   minutes   flat .
old   one   worked   great ,   new   replacement   keeps   shorting   out   fuse   we   had   our   old   conair   for   years   and   loved   it ,   so   i   got   a   replacement .   the   new   one   keeps   flipping   the   fuse   switch   in   the   switch   box ,   so   all   the   lights   and   electric   go   off   in   the   bathroom ,   so   i   ve   had   to   stop   using   our   master   bathroom   to   dry   my   hair ,   which   is   ridiculous .   i   m   getting   rid   of   it   and   getting   something   that   doesn   t   cause   this   many   problems .   i   tried   to   be   a   loyal   customer ,   but   this   is   how   i   m   repaid ,   by   a   crummy   product .   we   re   done   with   conair .
dryer   power   this   dryer   rocks .   my   daughter   bought   one   for   me   last   year   and   all   of   a   sudden   the   heating   element   stopped   working .   i   had   to   buy   another ,   this   brand   is   different .   hopefully   wont   have   the   same   fate .   my   hair   dries   in   15   minutes .
too   bad   they   don   t   last   they   work   great   when   they   work   i   have   gone   through   too   many   of   these   dryers .   it   is   my   favorite   in   terms   of   how   great   it   blows   hair   straight .   but   they   break   too   easily   and   for   that   price ,   i   had   to   go   with   something   that   i   don   t   like   as   much   but   that   lasts .   mine   burnt   out   within   2   months   and   i   could   not   return   it   by   the   time   i   got   back   into   the   country   from   my   travels .
never   worked   i   turned   it   on   and   it   only   blew   cold   air ,   even   when   adjusting   the   settings .   i   didn   t   save   my   receipt   or   box .   be   warned ! !
expensive ,   but   worth   it !   i   wasn   t   sure   about   spending   so   much   on   a   hair   dryer .   i   normally   just   buy   the   ones   at   the   drug   store .   this   one   was   recommended   to   me   since   my   hair   is   fluffy .   it   has   an   extra   long   cord   and   a   cold   shot   too .   it   dries   my   hair   without   burning   it ,   and   keeps   the   frizz   down   without   having   to   use   a   ton   of   silicone   oil   finishing   product .   i   would   highly   recommend .
missing   some   controls   i   thought   it   should   come   with   more   separate   low   heat   styling   controls .   the   cord   did   not   retract   well   into   the   base .   maybe   should   of   been   a   little   lighter   in   weight .   still   all   in   all   worked   well   enough   for   the   price .
perfect   for   my   daughter !   this   is   a   great   product ,   works   better   than   my   full   size   blow   dryer .   and   the   carrying   bag   just   makes   it   that   much   better .
it   s   perfect   wattage   not   too   high   and   just   the   right   size .   it   s   small   enough   to   tote   to   the   pool   in   my   gym   bag ,   but   large   enough   to   do   a   great   job   at   home ,   too .   i   have   had   it   a   couple   of   years   now .   it   looks   like   it   might   continue   to   work   unlike   so   many   other   electrical   products   in   this   day   and   age   of   globalized   manufacturing .   i   cannot   tell   you   hiow   much   money   i   spend   just   trying   to   get   away   from   products   made   by   slave   labor !
she   loves   it   i   bought   this   for   my   lady   as   one   of   her   christmas   gifts .   she   had   her   last   hair   dryer   for   7   years   or   so .   this   one   drys   her   hair   in   half   the   time   and   is   about   20   times   quieter .   i   can   t   write   much   about   the   features ,   but   i   do   know   that   she   loves   it .
nice   dryer   i   bought   the   dryer   to   dry   my   pets   after   washing   them .   it   works   well ,   dries   quickly ,   has   the   ceramic   heating   element   and   and   ion   drying   feature   as   the   more   expensive   models .   durabilty   is   another   variable   that   i   can   t   access .
wife   loves   it   the   bearing   in   my   wife   s   blow   dryer   was   getting   pretty   loud   enough   to   wake   me   up   in   the   morning   she   gets   up   before   me   .   got   this   one   based   on   the   reviews   here   and   elsewhere .   it   looks   good   as   far   as   blow   dryers   go   i   guess   i   don   t   use   them   ,   it   s   actually   fairly   quiet ,   considering .   br   br   i   asked   my   wife   about   the   frizz   claim   the   other   day ,   as   i   was   skeptical   about   that   part   of   the   claim   and   she   said   it   really   does   work   she   normally   has   a   frizz   problem   .   not   sure   if   it   s   a   placebo   affect ,   but   she   s   happy ,   so   i   m   happy .   she   likes   it   better   than   her   previous   one ,   so   that   was   already   a   plus .
gift   for   my   wife   my   wife   was   looking   for   a   new   hair   dryer   for   quite   some   time .   she   has   gone   through   a   few   with   her   longer   hair   and   she   was   sick   of   them   constantly   burning   out   or   having   issues .   the   last   one   she   has   dims   the   lights   when   she   would   start   it   up   and   the   transformer   would   get   ridiculously   hot .   br   br   after   reading   many   reviews   of   many   different   products ,   i   chose   this   one   and   she   absolutely   loves   it .   thus   far ,   it   is   a   champ   and   does   exactly   what   it   is   supposed   to   do .
nice   product   bought   this   to   use   on   a   recent   trip   to   africa .   worked   perfectly   and   was   the   solution   to   managing   my   hair   in   the   third   world .   i   left   it   there   with   a   young   lady   who   couldn   t   afford   to   buy   one   for   herself .   two   happy   girls .
great   for   the   camper !   great   small   hair   dryer   that   i   m   able   to   keep   in   the   camper   for   when   we   travel   about .   takes   up   nearly   zero   space   works   quite   well
small   and   powerful .   i   purchased   this   dryer   many   years   ago   from   a   retail   store .   as   stated   34   many   years   ago   34   .   easy   to   handle   ,   great   choices   of   temperatures   and   speed   .   it   finally   gave   out .   i   tried   a   few   other   dryers ,   full   sized   and   small .   and   none   could   compared   to   this   mighty   dryer .   returned   the   other   and   then   purchased   this   through   amazon .   five   stars .....   ! ! ! ! ! ! !
wow !   hair   gets   dry   fast !   i   have   long   hair ,   below   my   shoulders   but   above   waist .   it   takes   me   35   40   minutes   i   have   fine   textured   hair   .   the   temperature   never   feels   too   hot   but   it   does   the   job ,   even   at   its   highest   level   and   there   is   barely   any   sound   coming   out   of   this   hair   dryer !   one   can   literally   talk   on   the   phone   or   what   tv   while   under   this   dryer .   one   of   the   pieces ,   the   hinged   hood ,   broke   during   shipping ,   but   the   company   responded   quickly   and   promised   to   ship   it .   but   i   did   not   wait ,   i   used   super   glue   so   that   i   could   go   ahead   and   start   using   it .   it   works   just   fine !
3   temperatures   and   less   noise   this   blow   dryer   works   better   than   other   blow   dryers   in   the   past ,   in   that   it   is   quieter .   in   addtion ,   there   are   3   heat   settings   so   if   your   scalp   is   sensitive   to   heat ,   you   have   the   option   of   lower   heat .
it   s   better   than   the   new   andis   i   bought !   i   researched   dryers   extensively ,   bought   the   andis   retractable ,   etc   ,   liked   it   br   for   size ,   worked   well .   the   switches   weren   t   ideal ,   but ...   then   after   a   year   it   stopped   clicking   br   into   full   position   i   didn   t   fold   retract   regularly   ,   then   a   piece   that   fell   out   of   br   the   mechanism   got   into   the   motor   into   the   trash ,   not   even   worth   salvaging .   i   bought   the   18575w   at   goodwill   for   br   . 99   love   it ,   better   than   the   andis .   unlike   many   other   reviewers ,   i   find   the   switch   br   to   be   zero   problem ,   actually   prefer   it ,   plus   nothing   is   in   the   way   of   ones   hand   while   drying .   br   there   you   go   there   s   no   telling   opinions   are   anecdotal !
don   t   waste   your   money ! !   three   conair   dryers .   first   one   went   on   fire   during   use .   second   one   didn   t   make   it   a   year   before   the   button   broke   off   to   retract   the   cord .   e   mailed   conair   and   they   responded   with   lengthy   instructions   on   how   i   can   fix   it .   instead ,   i   threw   it   away   and   bought   the   260px .   although   it   worked   well ,   it   stopped   working   after   13   months .   i   contacted   conair   and   was   given   instructions   on   how   to   get   a   new   one   under   the   limited   warranty .   with   the   cost   of   shipping   both   ways ,   it   would   cost   me   the   same   to   buy   a   new   dryer .   so   that   s   what   i   m   doing ... just   not   from   conair .   will   never   buy   another   conair   product ! !
just   the   right   size   my   mom   travels   a   lot   and   this   small   size   and   ability   to   change   electrical   current   for   overseas   a   plus .... no   additional   adaptor   needed .   1875   watts   is   quite   powerful .   all   you   need   for   on   the   go   or   at   home   is   storage   is   an   issue .
the   perfect   hair   dryer !   super   quiet !   after   reading   all   the   positive   reviews   on   this   hair   dryer   everywhere   i   decided   to   buy   it   i   love   it !   this   hair   dryer   really   is   super   quiet !   this   dryer   runs   so   quiet   you   won   t   believe   it ,   seriously !   if   your   like   me   can   t   stand   the   dryers   that   have   that   high   pitched   loud   noise   then   this   is   the   dryer   for   you .   i   also   needed   a   dryer   with   a   long   cord ,   the   9ft   cord   on   this   one   is   perfect .   i   have   long   thick   hair   this   dries   my   hair   pretty   fast   gets   nice   hot   on   the   highest   heat   setting .   it   is   also   a   little   lighter   than   my   old   hair   dryer   which   is   nice .   i   love   this   hair   dryer   so   much   that   i   m   buying   a   second   one   for   my   mom .
super   quiet   my   wife   loves   it ,   it   s   so   quiet   we   can   talk   while   she   does   her   hair   without   her   turning   off   the   blow   dryer   to   here   what   i   said .
can   not   use   in   220v   countries   i   like   this   unit   after   reading   product   description .   i   ordered   it .   i   have   to   travel   to   countries   where   we   have   220volt   power   supply   and   i   purchased   a   special   voltage   converter   for   hair   dryers   only .   br   br   when   i   received   it   and   read   the   safety   guidlines   in   the   note   inside   the   package ,   i   came   to   know   i   can   not   use   this   product   with   extension   wires   or   with   voltage   converters .   so   this   beautiful   looking   piece   is   no   more   good   for   me  
gift   this   was   a   gift   for   my   daughter   for   christmas .   she   couldn   t   wait   to   use   it   and   she   loves   it ,   says   its   the   best   hair   dryer   out   there .
great   product .   well ,   i   cannot   say   enough   about   this   product .   as   other   customers   have   also   stated ,   i   bought   it   for   travel   and   now   use   it   every   day .   you   will   not   be   disappointed .
excellent   dryer   for   fine   hair   this   dryer   leaves   all   the   shine   and   body   in   fine   hair   without   sacrificing   drying   time .   it   s   evident   now   that   the   previous   expensive ,   super   powerful ,   tourmaline   dryer   was   blowing   the   body   and   shine   out   of   the   hairstyle .   many   bad   hair   days   blamed   on   aging   change   of   life   that   were   actually   caused   by   the   too   powerful   dryer .   br   with   absolutely   no   changes   to   hair   drying   routine   or   styling   products   all   hair   drying   sessions   have   produced   good   hair   days .   a   most   pleasant   surprise   to   recapture   more   youthful   hair .   br   this   dryer   is   much   quieter   than   the   previous   one .   the   brushed   finish   and   brown   body   pink   accents   feel   good   to   the   touch   and   pleasing   to   the   eye .
fit   my   wall   and   works !   i   had   a   previous   version   of   this   hair   dryer   that   lasted   several   years ,   then   shut   off   and   sparked   twice   to   die !   this   slid   onto   the   attachment   i   had   on   my   wall ,   so   it   was   a   seamless   transition .   it   is   very   loud ,   hence   the   start   deduction ,   but   i   have   fine   hair   that   dries   quickly ,   so   don   t   have   to   hear   it   for   very   long .   does   the   job   just   fine .
love   it !   i   purchased   one   for   each   person   of   my   family   and   my   sister   has   four   bathrooms   in   her   house .   she   was   so   impressed   with   it ,   she   wanted   to   order   three   more ,   so   i   surprised   her   and   got   them   for   her .   they   are   the   best   on   the   market   i   would   purchase   again .   we   did   put   one   in   our   5th   wheel   bathroom   also .
very   nice   blow   dryer .   bought   this   for   my   daughters .   they   both   say   it   works   really   well .   it   comes   with   a   diffuser   and   my   youngest   late   teens   has   been   using   that   and   likes   it .
proversa   i   love   the   wall   mount   hair   dryers .   you   always   know   where   it   is   and   it   is   never   in   the   way .   click   and   it   is   ready   to   use   and   click   it   is   put   away .
perfect   for   me   i   have   fine   thin   hair   and   dont   need   much   in   the   way   of   a   dryer , this   one   is   perfect ,   love   the   attachments ,   dont   even   need   a   straightner   when   i   use   this .
powerful   little   tool .   this   is   a   good   hairdryer ,   and   i   particularly   like   the   cold   shot   of   air .   it   s   very   powerful   too   powerful   for   my   short   curly   hair ,   because   it   leaves   it   frizzy .   that   s   where   the   cold   shot   of   air   comes   in   handy .   would   be   ideal   for   long   hair ,   though .   well   worth   the   money .   arrived   early ,   but   amazon   always   does   a   great   job   with   delivery .
amazon   to   the   rescue   the   conair   hairdryer   arrived   promptly   and   works   perfectly .   the   price   was   acceptable   and   i   was   pleased   to   have   my   old   non   working   appliance   replaced   so   easily .
best   dryer !   i   am   in   hair   school   and   his   dryer   is   perfect !   works   perfectly ,   the   best   dryer   out   there   for   sure .   i   love   it .
seem   to   do   the   job   bought   this   dryer   to   help   with   my   dense   wavy   hair   frizzing   when   i   blow   dried   it .   this   seem   to   do   the   job   well .   it   has   lots   of   options   for   heat   and   speed ,   and   gets   my   hair   dry   faster   than   my   old   34   cheapy   34   dryer .   i   have   noticed   less   frizzing   and   my   hair   is   smoother   and   shiner   than   before .   i   would   give   it   good   marks   for   value   for   money ,   it   appears   to   do   the   job   as   well   as   more   expensive   ceramic   dryers   i   looked   at .
stop   getting   hot   after   6   months !   i   love   this   blow   dryer   but   after   6   months   it   stop   blowing   hot   air !   i   did   buy   a   new   yellow   bird   but   this   time   i   got   the   warranty !
save   your   money   i   purchased   it   hoping   to   get   that   salon   blowout   look .   i   was   disappointed   when   it   worked   the   exact   same   a   my   old   15   dollar   hair   dryer .
less   than   1   year   later ,   blows   great ,   no   heat !   weak   blower   as   well .   why   is   it   the   old   school   conair   dryers   would   last   for   years   through   the   worst   abuse ,   but   these   pos   can   t   last   12   months   under   once   per   week   use   supposed   to   be   a   one   year   warranty   parts   and   labor .   at   11   for   a   new   unit ,   will   cost   more   to   ship   to   repair   center   than   to   buy   a   new   one .   conair   knows   this   unit   is   junk ,   hence   the   11   price   tag .   what   else   is   new  
great   power !   for   the   price ,   i   don   t   think   you   can   beat   this .   it   s   very   similar   to   professional   hair   dryers .   the   diffuser   is   a   little   big ,   but   still   does   the   trick .   highly   recommended .
best   hairdryer   this   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   owned !   puts   conair   and   revlon   hairdryers   to   shame .   time   to   look   at   other   remington   products .   finding   quality   these   days   is   rare .   happy   with   my   purchase .
very   flimsy ,   feels   cheap .   switch   almost   broken   on   first   use   i   really   don   t   understand   the   good   reviews .   this   dryer   feels   so   cheap   and   flimsy .   almost   break   the   switch   on   first   use .   you   have   to   see   it   to   understand   what   i   am   talking   about .   don   t   buy   it .
daughter   s   christmas   present   my   daughter   was   thrilled   with   this   blow   dryer .   it   is   so   compact ,   that   it   makes   packing   it   a   breeze .   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   you   would   think   it   would   be   though .
conair   1875   easy   to   use .   it   does   everything   that   a   hair   dryer   should .   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone   that   needs   one .
works   good   but ...   i   used   this   dryer   maybe   10   times   tops .   br   it   burned   out   on   me .   br   purchased   for   the   price .   will   get   a   bit   more   expensive   one   this   time .   br   happy   with   products   sad   that   it   didn   t   last
hsi   professional   hair   dryer   make   your   hair   soft ,   frizz   free .   my   daughter   has   very   thick   fine   hair .   it   does   a   wonderful   job .   highly   recommend .
great   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer   ergonimically   balanced   and   dries   hair   fast .   no   high   pitched   whining   noise   like   my   old   hair   dryer .
value   for   money   hair   dryer   i   ve   used   this   for   the   last   month   now ,   and   it   is   perfect .   it   does   not   get   overheated ,   or   bring   the   house   down   with   noise   when   we   use   it .   it   is   nice   and   handy .   blows   warm   air   in   the   right   proportion .   i   love   the   multiple   speed   and   heat   options   conair   provided   on   this .   br   br   i   think   this   is   the   best   product   out   there   for   around   10 .   i   strongly   recommend   this   purchase .  
wow   i   don   t   know   how   it   does   it ,   but   it   makes   my   hair   look   like   a   wig .   like   a   beautiful ,   beautiful   wig .   it   s   smooth   and   shiny   and   requires   no   flat   ironing ,   it   s   just   perfect .   totally   crazy .   br   br   buy   it .
good   product   heavier   and   clumsy   to   use ,   but   the   ion   as   well   as   defusier   does   work   well   with   short   hair ..... well   made   and   sturdy .
absolutely   a   great   hair   dryer   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   as   a   christmas   present   and   she   loves   it .   the   dryer   warms   instantly ,   looks   great   the   matte   black .... although   the   pink   accent   isn   t   my   color   ,   does   a   great   job ,   and   even   has   little   rubber   spots   on   the   side ,   so   that   it   doesn   t   slip   nice   touch   .   it   also   has   a   removable   filter   that   can   be   cleaned .   for   the   price ,   i   can   t   complain .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   to   others ,   as   it   does   a   great   job   at   a   reasonable   price .
ok   the   handle   is   too   big   for   me   also   heavy   but   i   like   folding   handle   , retractable   code   and   affordable   price !   so   i   gotta   say   it   s   ok   !
great   hair   dryer   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   about   twelve   years   now   and   my   sister   always   uses   it   when   she   s   here ,   so   i   got   her   one   for   christmas .   it   has   so   much   power   for   such   a   compact   dryer .   when   mine   dies ,   i   m   going   to   order   another   one .   love   it !
handy   dandy !   love   this   dryer .   have   one   in   every   bathroom   and   gifted   one   to   my   daughter .   so   easy   and   so   reliable .   has   never   let   me   down .
it   s   a   hair   dryer   blows   cold   and   hot   air .   the   paint   eventually   cracks   after   a   couple   months ,   but   it   s   for   blowing   hair   not   looking   nice .   works   great   for   me !
wall   hairdryer   and   nightlight   excellant   hair   dryer   that   mounts   on   wall   to   save   counter   space .   excellant   hot   air   to   dry   hair   quickly   .   nice   nightlight   that   works   automaticlly .
love   the   compact   size   my   wife   and   i   prefer   these   smaller   hair   dryers   over   the   large   bulky   kind .   this   dryer   puts   out   enough   heat   and   air   to   handle   our   hair   needs .   its   small   size   also   makes   it   easy   to   pack   for   traveling .
has   lasted   well   i   ve   had   this   for   well   over   a   year   so   far   and   it   has   worked   well .   it   is   sturdy   and   a   little   heavier   than   some ,   but   not   bad .   no   complaints .
infiniti   pro   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   and   drys   hair   very   quickly .   the   attachment   is   great   for   concentrating   on   one   area   as   to   not   make   hair   frizzy .   love   this   dryer .
the   best   i   ve   ever   had   very   quiet .   plenty   of   settings .   takes   no   time   to   get   my   hair   dry .   the   only   bad   thing   is   that   the   styling   attachments   get   very   hot .
kind   of   like   the   old   times ....   i   wanted   to   dry   my   hair   all   over   without   having   to   hold   the   dryer !   i   wanted   the   old   timey   kind   and   this   sort   of   fits   the   bill .   the   plastic   casing   is   more   fragile   than   the   old   ones   but   it   gets   the   job   done .
love   this   dryer   this   one   dries   so   much   more   quickly   than   my   previous   hair   dryer   and   seems   to   provide   a   smoother   finish .   recommended .
surprised   i   bought   this   for   my   mom   for   christmas .   she   had   one   similar   to   this   for   many , many   years   and   needed   it   replaced .   to   my   surprise   she   told   me   she   liked   this   one   better   than   her   old   one .
travel   dryer   purchased   this   item   for   travel   and   it   has   proved   to   be   a   very   good   choice !   would   definitely   recommend   to   others
love   it   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer .   it   has   a   nice   weight   to   it   and   a   nice   smooth   matte   finish .   i   have   very   long   hair   and   this   hair   dryer   works   faster   than   anything   i   ve   ever   owned .   it   s   also   surprisingly   quiet   to   use .   i   m   just   sad   i   can   t   take   it   with   me   when   i   travel .
blow   drying   your   hair   is   no   longer   a   chore   this   is   the   best .   my   daughters   and   i   have   different   types   of   hair   and   different   lengths .   this   dryer   is   so   easy   to   hold ,   not   too   heavy   or   awkward   and   does   an   amazing   job   for   each   of   us   with   the   different   settings   and   attachments   our   only   problem   was   we   needed   to   use   it   at   the   same   time ... so   we   bought   another   one ! ! !
great !   great   with   great   value . it   came   with   instructions   for   use   and   gave   us   real   value   for   our   money . it   is   well   recommended .
it   is   ok   this   hair   dryer   works   well ,   however ,   after   about   a   year   or   so   of   use ,   the   clear   plastic   coating   around   it ,   has   started   to   peel   off .   this   speaks   to   the   quality   of   the   materials   used .   it   still   works   and   i   still   use   it   but   just   wanted   to   mention   that .   it   is   pretty   light ,   which   is   a   good   thing   when   you   have   a   lot   of   hair   to   dry !   the   main   reason   i   purchased   this   one   was   because   it   was   more   affordable   than   the   salon   brands .
great !   it   was   a   gift   my   daughter   requested .   i   purchased   it   for   her   for   her   birthday   which   happens   to   be   on   christmas !
nice   hair   dryer !   love   this   dryer .   i   ve   been   using   wall   mount   hair   dryers   for   years .   actually   only   one   before   this   one   which   was   also   a   sunbeam .   nothing   lasts   forever .   loved   the   sunbeam   before   this   one   and   this   one   is   really   good   too .   slender   look ,   night   light ,   two   speeds ,   doesn   t   seem   to   get   hot .   looks   nice   on   the   wall .   have   only   had   this   one   for   a   month ,   but   if   it   s   anything   like   the   old   one   it   will   last   for   years .
peace   out ,   expensive   dryers   i   used   to   always   buy   expensive   dryers   that   ended   up   not   being   powerful   enough   produced   boiling   lava   hot   air   that   damaged   my   hair   unless   i   held   down   the   34   cool   34   button   almost   the   entire   time .   br   at   a   hotel ,   i   used   this   blow   dryer   and   was   amazed   at   how   powerful   it   was .   my   hair   was   completely   dry   in   under   10   minutes ,   and   the   air   was   not   painfully   hot .   this   fabulous   little   dryer   is   also   a   great   size   for   travel ,   or   simply   taking   up   less   space   in   your   bathroom .   br   ditch   the   fancy   dryers   and   go   for   this   one .   i   can   t   speak   to   the   longevity   since   i   ve   only   had   it   for   a   month ,   but   i   am   confident   it   will   last   long   enough   to   fulfill   it   s   mere   20   price   tag .
best   buy   in   hair   dryers   twin   switches   for   dual   heat   settings   and   dual   speed   settings   plus   the   blue   34   no   heat   34   button .   reasonably   lightweight ,   comfortable   grip ,   priced   less   than   almost   any   other   dryer   you   ll   find   at   a   store   and   yet   works   just   as   well ,   i   think .   br   br   be   a   good   steward   and   get   this   one .
retractable   cord   doesn   t   work   we   just   received   the   package   and   opened   it .   my   husband   tried   out   the   retractable   cord   and   it   doesn   t   retract .   waste   of   time   and   money ,   and   shipping   costs   as   well .
conair   260px   i   loved   it .   it   does   the   job   that   i   needed   done . i   will   not   change   to   any   other   dryer   as   long   as   i   can   purchase   this   one .
good   heat   weak   blower   i   bought   this   for   my   daughter ..   she   said   the   heat   is   good ,   but   the   blower   is   weak .   she   has   long   thick   hair   and   it   wasn   t   doing   the   job ...   she   plans   on   keeping   it   though   she   is   cutting   her   hair   short   and   feels   it   will   work   fine   on   shorter   hair .
great   professional   product   my   better   half   is   a   professional   stylist   so   this   dryer   gets   heavy   use .   this   is   her   third   in   about   8   years .   given   that   it , probably   runs   20   hours   a   week   i   d   say   that   s   high   praise .   fast   shipping   too .
nice   dryer   love   it ,   keeps   the   frizz   down   and   love   the   attachments .   since   i   have   some   curl   to   my   hair ,   it   s   nice   to   have   the   diffuser   that   fits   the   dryer .   packaged   nicely   and   delivered   on   time .
love   it   i   work   in   a   beauty   shop   and   it   is   wonderful   it   does   everything   i   need   it   to   do   and   more .
worked   great   got   this   for   a   trip   to   italy .   it   packed   easily   and   took   up   minimal   space .   you   still   need   the   plug   adapters   for   it   but   it   worked   great   while   on   the   trip .
great   heats   up   fast ,   cools   down   quick .   no   waiting   or   anything ,   great   product .   it   really   worked   on   my   wet   curly   hair
compact   hair   dryer   i   found   it   ideal   as   a   travel   hair   dryer .   it   s   small   size   fits   into   my   shaving   kit ,   but   it   also   surprised   me   just   how   powerful   it   is ,   to   dry   and   style   wet   hair .
warm   feature ! !   i   used   this   dryer   for   the   first   time   at   a   friend   s   house .   it   was   amazing ,   it   had   the   attachment   on   it   and   my   hair   was   silky   and   dry   within   minutes .   i   was   so   thrilled   with   it   i   went   online   and   bought   one .   i   still   love   it   and   the   best   part   about   the   dryer   is   the   warm   setting .   you   can   dry   your   hair   right   at   your   scalp   and   not   burn   your   head   or   heat   up   the   bathroom   to   the   point   where   you   re   sweating ! !   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer .   i   have   had   this   dryer   now   for   6   months .
recommended   by   professionals   this   was   on   my   daughters   christmas   list   as   a   priority   item .   she   is   a   hairdresser   and   swears   that   this   blow   drier   cuts   20   minutes   off   her   styling   time .   she   was   thrilled   with   this   blow   drier !
retractable   cord   having   the   power   cord   being   able   to   retract   is   an   awesome   feature .   no   more   messy   cords   to   deal   with ,   hence   easy   storage .
don   t   waste   your   money   and   put   holes   in   your   wall   i   have   purchased   two   of   these   units .   first   one   lasted   a   year   before   burning   out .   thought   it   was   the   way   my   wife   was   using   it   that   was   the   problem   so   i   purchase   another   one   and   it   now   it   is   an   expensive   night   light .   it   shuts   off   when   using   and   she   cannot   completely   dry   her   hair .
works   great   this   hairdryer   works   great   and   is   at   a   great   price   point .   i   don   t   have   any   complaints   on   it ,   but   will   warn   people   that   the   cord   is   a   little   shorter   than   usual .
love   love   love   this   dryer ! ! ! !   has   three   setting   on   both   the   heat   and   on   the   blower   and   let   me   tell   you ,   the   highest   settings   are   hot   and   powerful !   this   is   a   fantastic   styling   tool ,   comparable   with   my   stylists   dryer   for   sure !   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer .   and   it   s   animal   print ! ! !   bonus !
just   right   for   home   use   i   purchased   this   unit   for   a   family   member   and   it   is   a   great   fit .   the   light   weight   and   compact   size   is   perfect   for   her   at   home   use .   she   hasn   t   used   it   for   travel .
very   good   work   like   if   i   was   in   the   salon ,   totally   love   it .   my   hair   is   a   litte   kinky   and   it   leaves   it   nice   and   soft .
review   by   proxy   i   don   t   have   much   insight   for   the   hair   dryer   s   performance   as   it   was   a   xmas   gift   for   my   wife   but   her   feedback   in   a   nutshell   to   me   was   34   i   love   it ! !   34   .   after   exhaustive   research   on   my   part   to   find   the   best   hair   dryer   at   a   given   price   point ,   i   settled   on   the   onei   mk   ii   based   purely   on   the   amazon   reviews   and   it   apparently   paid   off .   btw ,   she   has   very   fine ,   blonde   hair   .
well   it   s   useful   , but   noise   is   a   little   bigger . and   i   do   not   find   the   cold   air   ,   br   well , i   ll   give   a   good   review .
great   quality   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   has   more   settings   than   i   am   used   to .   i   love   the   adapter   pieces .   i   styled   it   with   the   styling   tip   and   it   looked   like   i   got   my   hair   done   at   the   salon .
great   for   teenage   daughter   super   easy   to   install   and   very   handy   to   preserve   the   valuable   counter   space !   br   be   sure   to   install   away   from   water .
bought   this   for   my   wife   its   a   great   hairdryer .   its   much   less   noisy   than   some   of   the   others .   it   motivated   me   to   go   out   and   purchase   another   blow   dryer   to   replace   the   cheap   walmart   brand   that   i   had   bought   before .   it   seems   to   do   a   good   job   drying   my   hair   even   though ,   its   hard   to   tell   because   i   do   not   have   very   much   hair
five   stars   excellent   product .
lots   of   air ,   love   the   settings   i   like   how   much   air   and   heat   this   hairdryer   puts   out .   i   have   a   ton   of   hair   that   takes   ages   to   dry ,   but   that   time   is   much   shorter   with   this   hairdryer .   br   br   the   only   downside   is   that   i   wish   the   cord   was   longer !   my   old   hairdryer   had   a   much   longer   cord   and   i   was   spoiled   by   it .
awesome   hair   dryer   this   is   my   first   time   purchasing   a   hair   dryer   instead   of   a   hand   held   one .   i   really   like   this   product ,   dries   hair   fast   and   i   can   sit   comfortably   while   waiting .... the   downfall   is   not   being   able   to   hear   the   television   while   hair   is   drying ,   however   it   gives   me   time   to   check   out   magazines   or   read   a   book   while   waiting .   it   is   big ,   so   i   store   it   in   my   closet ,   luckily   i   have   a   walk   in .
dry   hair   i   liked   the   hairdryer ,   i   wish   it   was   a   little   more   powerful ,   but   it   did   get   the   job   done   and   was   easy   to   use
just   what   i   wanted   this   product   is   just   perfect   for   the   teen   i   purchased   it   for ... she   s   really   in   to   primping   and   this   saves   time   and   is   easy   to   use !   love   it ! !
bit   bigger   than   expected   this   looks   and   feels   quality   and   definitely   dries   fast   and   is   powerful .   it   was   rather   bigger   than   i   expected   from   the   image   though .
great   while   it   lasted   my   hair   dryer   died   after   1   year ,   very   disappointed   this   is   the   second   one   from   conair   that   this   happened   to ,   the   other   died   after   6   months .   going   to   try   a   different   brand
love   it   three   speeds   noise   and   two   heat   settings .   my   4yr   old   no   longer   complains   about   blow   dfying   his   hair   cause   of   the   queiter   speeds .   great   buy   for   yhe   price .
gift   one   of   our   daughters   had   this   item   on   her   34   wish   list   34   .   she   was   excited   when   she   opened   it ..... very   proud   of   her   gift .   appears   to   be   of   good   quality   and   looks   durable .
great   i   love   this   dryer .   the   cord   system   is   super   convenient . easy   to   use   for   a   reasonable   price .   get   it !   you   wont   regret   it .
hair   raising !   nice   dryer   and   so   far   it   s   working   great .   still   not   sure   how   long   it   ll   last   but   i   m   hopeful   that   it   ll   still   be   working   when   my   kids   are   sorting   through   my   stuff   and   asking   themselves ,   34   what   the   heck   was   he   using   this   thing   for   34  
andis   micro   turbo   i   really   like   this   little   hair   dryer ,   and   it   is   all   that   i   really   need .   i   have   long   hair   but   it   can   be   totally   dry   in   5   minutes   with   this   unit !
multitude   of   settings   powerful   but   quiet   love   the   variety   of   settings .   has   a   great   long   lead   to   move   around   as   you   dry   your   hair .   can   just   about   carry   out   a   conversation   as   you   use   it .
as   advertised   lightweight   and   fast   drying ,   just   what   i   wanted ,   excellent   quality ,   good   settings .   i   like   the   longer   cord ,   no   need   for   an   extension   cord !
don   t   purchase   i   would   not   recommend   this   dryer   since   it   only   blows   out   cold   air   and   takes   me   thirty   minutes   to   dry   out   my   hair .
great   product   for   price   this   was   a   definite   christmas   favorite ... great   color ,   works   great ,   has   the   cool   styling   attachment   which   was   a   hit ! ! !   my   daughter   loves   it !
works   well   mom   will   love   this   one .   don   t   need   to   hold   with   hand   and   easy   to   carry   around   the   country   and   abroad
3   yrs   strong   i   bought   this   almost   3   years   ago ,   and   it   s   still   going !   i   gave   it   4   stars   because   i   think   it   does   get   a   little   too   hot   on   the   highest   setting ,   and   not   hot   enough   on   the   34   warm   34   setting .   however ,   if   you   are   looking   for   a   nice   dryer   on   a   budget ,   this   is   a   great   choice .   i   love   the   fact   that   the   cord   winds   up .
blows   you   away   this   little   hair   dryer   is   indeed   mighty .   it   is   small ,   lightweight ,   and   easy   to   handle .   perfect   for   travel   or   for   someone   who   doesn   t   want   to   take   up   half   their   space   with   storing   some   of   the   big   hair   dryers .   works   very   well   as   well .
heating   element   stopped   working   after   6   months   i   loved   this   hairdryer   while   it   lasted ,   it   had   a   lot   of   power ,   was   not   terribly   loud ,   and   dried   my   long   hair   quickly .   however ,   with   no   warning   one   recent   day   it   just   stopped   blowing   hot   air .   only   cold   air   blows   out   of   the   unit   now .
handheld   hairdryer   issue   fixed   by   conair !   i   ve   used   conair   dryers   for   years ,   but   they   share   the   same   issue   with   other   brands ...... the   little   mesh   screen   filter   in   the   back   gets   easily   clogged   with   dust ,   lint ,   and   hair .... causing   the   unit   to   overheat   and   eventually   die .   i   ve   tried   everything   to   keep   that   little   screen   clean ,   including   carefully   brushing   it   with   a   small   stiff   brush .... but   then   the   particulates   fall   into   the   motor   causing   more   problems   or   the   lint   and   stuff   just   plain   won   t   come   off   the   filter .   br   br   i   just   received   this   new   dryer ,   to   replace   a   conair   model   from   several   years   ago .   conair   finally   hired   someone   with   some   common   sense !   i   was   surprised ..... this   unit   has   a   removable   screen   filter !   which   means   i   can   take   it   off   and   wash   it   being   very   careful   to   insure   it   s   totally   dry   before   replacing   on   the   unit ,   of   course   ,   extending   the   life   of   my   unit .   br   br   big   selling   point   in   my   opinion .... removable   filter   info   should   be   in   the   description .   bravo ,   conair ,   well   done !
good   is   really   good ,   i   like   it   so   much ,   my   hair   is   healthy   and   look   natural ,   you   need   to   try !   .
the   best   hair   dryer !   i   have   used   many   many   less   expensive   hair   dryers   over   the   course   of   30   years   and   they   often   break   within   a   year .   i   have   had   this   dryer   about   two   years   now   and   it   is   still   going   strong .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used   i   m   not   a   professional   but   have   naturally   wavy   hair   which   is   prone   to   frizz   and   fly   away   action .   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing .   it   is   heat   controlled   and   not   air   controlled .   instead   of   blowing   my   hair   to   dry   it   out ,   it   gently   blows   heat   at   target   area   and   dries   hair   faster ,   without   wildness   and   frizz .   my   hair   feels   soft ,   is   shiny   and   dries   evenly .   it   was   worth   the   money   and   the   time   to   wait   for   it   to   arrive .   but   with   prime   you   ll   get   it   pretty   quick !
super   duper   dryer   but   has   varied   heat   settings   for   those   worried   about   it   being   too   hot   used   on   my   5   yr   old   with   african   american   natural   hair .   does   a   super   job   especially   when   used   in   combination   with   a   smoothing   serum .   when   i   use   this   dryer   i   m   cool   with   delaying   flat   ironing .   just   ponytail   her   up .
great   hair   dryer   this   is   all   i   had   hoped   it   would   be .   it   has   great   power   and   it   is   the   nice   compact   small   size   i   desired .
dries   my   hair   completly   pleased   with   new   blow   dryer .   dries   hair ,   just   as   advertised .   love   the   retractable   cord .   keeps   my   gym   bag   a   little   less   messy .   love   the   red .
edited   after   60   days   of   this   junk   hot   setting   should   be   changed   to   almost   warm .   warm   setting   should   be   renamed   cool .   same   for   blower   settings .   by   the   time   this   generates   heat   and   air   your   hair   will   already   be   dry .   br   br   edit   after   60   days   it   has   started   making   a   grinding   noise   for   about   15   20   seconds   when   first   turned   on .   what   next   sparks   br   br   into   the   trash .
would   not   recommend   this   product   product   gets   way   too   hot .   the   attachment   that   comes   with   it   does   not   fit   snuggly .   have   used   it   3   times   since   buying   it   and   i   am   not   pleased .   seriously   considering   returning   it .
good   product   good   product   but   not   great ,   air   flow   not   so   great   and   brush   attachment   too   soft   but   worth   the   price   nnn
superfast   hair   dryer   save   time   and   money   the   matte   finish   was   the   first   thing   we   noticed   when   we   opened   the   hair   dryer .   it   is   great   looks   good   and   has   a   great   soft   texture .   the   temperature   settings   are   low ,   med   and   high   and   it   has   a   cool   button   for   when   you   need   a   blast   of   cold   air .   the   fan   can   be   set   to   low   and   high .   the   fan   moves   lots   of   air .   br   br   even   an   80   s   era ,   big   hair   band   could   save   time   with   this   product .   that   kind   of   hair   needs   to   be   washed ,   rinsed ,   washed   again   and   then   heavily   conditioned .   the   conditioner   softens   the   hair   and   forces   it   to   accept   massive   amounts   of   water .   this   increased   water   volume   must   be   removed   prior   to   styling   or   the   hair   will   just   sit   there   flat   like   a   poorly   tuned   guitar .   pull   the   conair   225np   from   the   holster ,   point   it   at   the   hair   and   get   started .   the   powerful   dc   fan   moves   lots   of   air   to   force   its   way   into   that   mop   head   of   hair   and   push   the   water   out .   the   three   heat   settings   provide   complete   control   over   the   speed   of   the   drying   process .   the   entire   band   can   share   one   225np   and   still   be   on   the   stage   in   time   to   rock   the   house !   br   br   medium   heat   and   high   speed   fan   gets   hair   dry   fast   with   no   friz .
i   have   had   numerous   wall   dryers   and   this   is   by   far   the   best .   this   dryer   is   every   thing   that   it   says   it   is !   quiet ,   professional   looking   comfortable   to   use   and   attractive   on   the   wall .   it   is   certainly   a   quality   item   and   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone
best   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .   this   is   my   second   portofino   6600 .   my   daughter   and   i   have   thick ,   long ,   curly   hair .   this   dryer   cuts   down   the   drying   time   by   more   than   half .   the   first   is   still   going   strong   after   two   years   of   daily   heavy   use .   also   very   pleased   with   the   diffusser   and   concentrating   attachments .   this   dryer   has   by   far   outperformed   other   well   known   brands   costing   two   or   more   times   the   price .   i   would   do   commercials   for   this   dryer !
great   product   i   have   one   of   these   already   and   love   it .   will   make   a   great   gift .   it   is   powerful   the   reel   cord   makes   this   blow   dryer   even   better !
piece   of   junk   after   one   month   of   use   when   i   turned   it   on   it   made   a   terrible   noise   and   plastic   parts   starting   flying   across   the   room .   vety   dangerous .   piece   of   junk .   price   should   have   been   my   first   clue .
hair   dryer   i   was   trying   to   find   a   hair   dryer   that   had   3   speed   and   3   heat   settings   and   was   reasonable   priced .   this   fit   3   requirements .   it   doesn   t   get   quit   as   hot   as   i   expected ,   but   i   am   still   pleased   with   it .
works   nicely   i   like   the   color   and   it   s   worked   great ... love   all   the   heat   and   power   settings ... so   far   so   good   with   this   blowdryer
needsbetter   instructions   the   onei   ii   ionique   hair   dryer   does   a   really   good   job   drying   my   hair .   the   hair   dryer   is   lightweight   and   powerful .   my   only   question   that   was   not   in   with   instructions ,   when   would   i   use   the   34   negative   ion   34   setting   or   the   34   regular   ion   34   setting .
good   dryer   extremely   long   cord   which   can   be   a   pain   but   dryer   is   very   good .   light   weight .   reasonable   price .   i   would   recommend .
conair   207ur   got   this   for   my   wife .   she   really   likes   it ,   it   is   powerful ,   not   too   heavy ,   had   great   attachments   for   directing   the   air   just   where   and   how   hot   she   wants   it .   her   only   complaint   is   the   control   is   done   with   a   slide   on   the   handle .   she   has   a   problem   with   hand   strength   and   she   has   to   struggle   a   bit   to   move   the   slide .   average   person   would   probably   not   have   an   issue   with   this .
lightweight ,   quality   hair   dryer   my   wife   swears   by   this   hair   dryer   and   she   is   on   her   third   unit .   that   may   sound   bad ,   but   each   one   has   lasted   5   years ,   so   definitely   seems   okay   for   the   price .   br   lightweight ,   nice   rubber   grip ,   and   not   too   loud .
gift   mom   was   desperate   for   a   new   dryer   even   though   she   doesnt   use   the   old   one   she   has   now .   br   but   besides   that   this   was   a   perfect   upgrade .
finally   dry   hair   my   current   hair   dyer   was   very   old   and   did   a   horrible   job   of   actually   drying   my   hair .   after   much   research   i   picked   this   one .   it   was   a   little   heavier   then   i   thought   it   would   be   but   otherwise   i   love   it .   i   have   just   longer   then   shoulder   length   hair   that   is   fine   but   looks   really   thick .   it   is   also   very   prone   to   the   frizz .   br   br   i   do   also   use   bumble   and   bumble   prep   and   straight   blow   dry   which   i   am   sure   also   helps .   br   br   this   dryer   is   fast   and   i   like   the   cool   shot   button   a   lot .   br   br   it   is   a   little   hard   to   slide   the   controls   in   place   so   i   sometimes   use   a   towel .   br   br   overall ,   i   m   pretty   happy   with   it .
great   compact   dryer   i   got   this   dryer   a   couple   years   ago   and   use   it   quite   frequently   and   it   is   still   working   great .   i   love   the   way   the   cord   retracts   and   how   the   unit   folds .   it   is   great   for   travel   but   i   use   it   as   my   main   dryer   at   my   boyfriend   s   house   since   it   works   so   well .   my   hair   is   long   and   thick   and   this   thing   still   gets   the   job   done   just   as   well   as   my   full   sized   hair   dryer   that   i   keep   at   home .
finally ,   a   blow   dryer   that   i   can   work   with   just   excellent   i   am   natural   with   thick   thick   african   american   hair .   my   hair   goal   is   to   get   to   waist   length   and   don   t   like   flat   ironing   my   hair .   the   last   time   i   went   to   a   salon ,   i   came   out   smelling   my   hair   like   it   was   burned .   so   i   started   looking   for   a   blowdryer   that   will   make   my   hair   straight   but   not   flat   ironed .   br   br   i   did   research   and   decided   to   try   this .   god ...   i   loveeeeeeeeeeeeee   it .   i   just   finished   blowdrying   my   hair   and   it   looks   just   the   way   i   wanted   it .   not   too   straight   with   some   volume   to   it .   ughhh ..   why   didn   t   i   buy   this   a   log   time   ago   br   br   note   to   self   after   doing   research ,   read   reviews ,   quickly   buy   product ..   br   br   try   this   if   you   want   to ...   you   won   t   be   disappointed ...   br   br   xoxo
good   travel   dryer   have   only   used   in   this   country   so   far   but   it   is   small   but   does   good   job   drying   hair .   it   has   optional   conversion   to   foreign   electrical   systems .   just   your   standard   dryer   for   a   pretty   fair   price   and   without   running   around   in   crowds   hunting   for   model   on   sale .
i   am   fussy ! !   i   always   take   my   full   size   blow   dryer   even   to   nice   hotels   where   i   know   they   will   have   a   blow   dryer .   i   decided   to   try   this   dryer   and   it   really   works .   it   is   so   lightweight   and   i   can   t   believe   it   can   even   dry   my   hair .   i   only   take   it   with   me   now .
conair   sb1x   soft   bonnet   hair   dryer   i   thought   it   would   be   smaller   and   more   compact .   much   too   big   for   travel .   i   was   better   of   with   a   simple   blow   dryer .
it   does   dry   hair ,   but   don   t   count   on   a   retractable   cord   i   ve   had   this   dryer   about   a   year ,   and   it   does   dry   hair ,   and   the   heat   settings   seem   to   be   what   they   say   they   are   hot ,   warm   and   cool .   also   high   and   low   power   are   accurate .   unlike   some   other   reviewers ,   i   find   that   its   drying   power   is   fine   but   i   have   fine   hair   that   dries   really   fast   anyway .   however ,   the   retractable   cord   function   has   never   worked   well .   the   button   does   not   seem   to   depress   all   the   way ,   and   if   it   retracts   all   the   way   at   all   not   a   guarantee   most   days   ,   it   s   because   i   ve   had   to   keep   pushing   and   pulling   to   engage   the   retracting   mechanism ,   which   is   half   hearted   at   best .   most   times   i   just   give   up   halfway   and   wind   the   cord   around   the   unit   because   it   s   too   big   a   bother .   i   have   never   experienced   it   retracting   so   fast   that   the   cord   whips   around   or   anything   not   anywhere   near   close   to   that   problem   for   me !
pro   greatness   love   this   hairdryer .   not   only   does   it   dry   my   hair   quickly ,   but   the   three   heat   settings   mean   that   i   don   t   have   to   rely   on   the   hottest   setting .   and ,   if   you   have   fine   hair ,   it   does   not   create   static   like   some   other   hair   dryers   can   do   in   cold   weather .
light   weight   dryer   love   this   hair   dryer .   cool ,   medium ,   high   settings   great ... but   the   key   is   that   it   is   light   weight .   an   ionic   dryer   without   being   my   work   out   also !   shiny   hair   in   quick   time .   why   did   i   wait   so   long   to   buy   a   product   that   works  
at   first   glance ...   i   thought   i   purchased   a   child   s   toy   hair   dryer .   this   is   very   small   and   doesn   t   feel   very   well   made ,   but   i   have   been   using   it   for   6   months   and   i   actually   really   like   it !   it   works   well   for   me   note   that   i   have   very   fine   hair ,   so   if   you   have   thick   hair ,   it   may   not   work   as   well .   but   i   really   can   t   complain   and   i   would   probably   buy   it   again !
wonderful   hair   dryer   i   ve   been   using   this   dryer   as   my   main   hair   dryer   for   the   past   four   months   and   i   love   it .   it   is   light   weight   and   worked   in   both   the   us   and   the   middle   east .   i   also   like   that   the   dryer   came   with   the   two   attachments .   the   handle   also   folds   in   to   save   space   on   packing .   one   thing   i   would   point   out   to   people   looking   at   the   reviews   is   that   you   will   need   a   screw   driver   to   change   the   voltage   of   the   hair   dryer .   just   something   to   keep   in   mind   depending   on   your   use   of   the   hair   dryer .   but   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone   needing   a   dual   voltage   or   travel   hair   dryer .
good   dryer   some   ppl   have   complained   it   s   loud .   it   s   a   hair   dryer ...   they   tend   to   not   be   quiet   maybe   it   s   a   little   louder   than   my   old   one ,   but   it   doesn   t   bother   me .   this   seems   to   dry   my   hair   faster   than   my   old   one   too .   i   like   that .   plus   my   hair   didn   t   seem   as   frizzy   as   usual .
compact   yet   strong   enough .   i   love   the   folding   handle   retractable   cord .   compact   light .   still   strong   enough   for   blow   drying   a   long   hair .
love   this   hair   dryer   i   love   love   love   this   hair   dryer .   its   fast   and   powerful .   gets   the   job   done   within   10   minutes   for   me .
andis   hair   dryer   good ,   light   weight   dryer .   would   be   perfect   if   the   attachment   would   stay   in   place .   dryer   needs   a   place   where   you   can   secure   the   attachments   in   place
great   bang   for   your   buck   just   great .   .   and   compacted .   a   lot   of   power   br   doesn   t   over   heat ...   great   for   the   price   and   for   first   time   users
works   good .   bought   this   unit   for   traveling   to   europe ,   very   compact   for   travel   and   with   the   dual   voltage   it   s   a   plus .   br   but   you   ll   still   need   an   adapter   for   the   european   receptacles ,   from   the   flat   blade   to   the   round   one .
runs   great   ! !   this   a   great   dryer ,   dries   hair   fast ,   no   frizz   main   reason   i   bought . ,   yes   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone .   br   haven   t   found   anything   i   dislike .
it   broke   already   not   even   one   month ,   it   was   borken   already ,   and   i   don   t   really   use   it   that   often .   at   first   i   liked   it ,   because   it   s   light   weight   and   fast   dry   you   hair .   but   it   didn   t   last   long .
best   hair   dryer !   the   best   hair   dryer ,   ever !   always   leaves   my   hair   straight   with   lots   of   body .   i   ve   had   my   first   one   for   at   least   7   years .   i   was   trying   to   share   it   with   my   sister   her   daughter .   now ,   i   m   having   my   own   daughter   soon ,   so   i   gave   my   sister   the   first   one   i   bought   another   one .
broken   ring   the   product   works   fine ,   it   just   has   a   broken   ring   on   the   end   of   the   drier   so   if   you   wanted   to   use   the   defuser ,   you   can   t .
air   velocity   probably   not   that   high   about   ten   years   ago ,   hairdryers   had   air   velocity   that   was   more   powerful ,   but   now   its   about   20   less .   br   is   that   because   of   the   noise   issue   they   shouldn   t   do   that   bring   back   the   high   air   power !   br   i   just   bought   the   andis   1600   regular   size   hair   dryer   .
great   product !   this   product   is   so   wonderful   that   i   have   bought   in   multiples   for   several   years .   i   keep   one   in   each   bathroom   and   a   spare   in   the   linen   closet   for   replacement   use !   very   convenient .
not   my   first   conair ......   ..... but   this   was   the   first   conair   blow   drier   that   i   purchased   with   confort   touch   .   i   was   extremely   happy   with   my   purchase   for   5   months ... then   i   began   to   notice   the   comfort   touch   rubber   coating   was   starting   to   feel   a   bit   tacky .   not   just   when   warm ... in   use .   after   time   it   a   lot   worse .   everything   began   sticking   to   it ... dust   bunnies .... hair   etc .   and   it   also   left   a   stickiness   to   my   hands ... that   would   take   two   hand   washings   to   remove .   after   dealing   with   it   for   far   to   long .. i   threw   it   in   the   trash .. happy   to   be   rid   of   it   ! !   buttttt ... it   didn   t   stay   gone   for   very   long .   the   following   morning   as   i   passed   my   son   s   bedroom   i   saw   that   horrible ... sticky   thing   on   my   son   s   bed .   when   i   asked   him   why   he   had   taken   it   out   of   the   trash   and   what   he   planned   on   doing   with   it   he   said ... it   worked   perfectly   in   picking   up   years   of   stuff   that   had   fallen   behind   his   work   station   made   on   solid   wood .   it   s   very   big   extremely   hard   to   move   .   he   said   he   held   on   to   the   end   of   the   cord   and   let   the   dry   drop   down   to   the   floor .   after   dragging   it   from   one   end   to   the   other   a   few   times   he   retrieved   a   34   whole   bunch   of   s   34   .   ha !   ha !   that   s   my   son !   brilliant   idea ! !   btw ... it   works   wonders   picking   up   socks ... undergarments   and   sm .   rags   that   fallen   behind   and   on   the   sides   of   the   dryer   too .   wellllllllll !   !   i   paid   for   it !   hehehe !   anyway .... i   m   still   in   love   with   conair   blow   driers   though   i   have   gone   back   to   those   made   with   hard   plastic   casings .   we   still   have   and   use   this   blow   drier .   it   s   now   used   as   a   tool   to   pick   up   things   in   tight   spots .   and ..   it   s   now   called ...   that   sticky   dryer   whatchamacallit   thingy   .   mahalo   thank   you   for   reading   my   post .   wishing   you   and   those   you   love   a   very   merry   christmas   and   a   happy   always ! !   aloha   god   bless   you .
one   of   my   necessities   whenever   i   buy   a   house   i   always   install   one   of   these   in   the   master   bathroom .   this   is   my   3rd   one .   very   convenient ,   very   strong ,   very   hot ,
works   fine   and   the   nightlight   is   nice .   we   used   this   in   a   commercial   setting   and   so   far   it   is   working   great .   i   like   that   is   has   the   nightlight   built   in .
wall   mounted   hair   dryer .   love   this   item .   easy   to   install .   very   easy   to   use .   its   always   handy   and   easy   to   get   too .   heat   and   air   is   perfect   as   far   i   am   concerned .   would   highly   recommend .
nice   dryer   lightweight ,   inexpensive ,   and   good   for   home   use .   got   it   quick ,   was   just   as   described   but   a   little   on   the   noisy   side .
excellent ,   versatile   hair   dryer   i   used   this   hair   dryer   while   traveling   this   summer .   it   was   used   in   the   us ,   canada   and   italy .   i   was   very   happy   with   it .   it   folds   up   so   it   is   compact   and   easy   to   pack   but   it   is   still   very   powerful   for   such   a   little   hair   dryer .   i   also   appreciate   the   two   attachments   that   come   with   it .   and ,   the   fact   that   you   can   switch   it   between   120v   and   220v   makes   it   incredibly   convenient .
absolutely   happy   with   this   purchase !   this   was   a   great   purchase   for   me !   dryer   has   great   power   and   drying   ability ,   very   efficient !   i   would   highly   recommend !   the   item   was   exactly   as   described !
quiet   and   fast   i   was   finally   ready   to   replace   my   8   year   old   travel   hairdryer   with   something   more   powerful   and   quite ,   and   yet   just   as   light   weight .   i   have   fine   shoulder   length   hair   with   a   tendency   towards   frizz ..   i   stumbled   across   the   positive   reviews   for   the   onei   mkii   while   researching   several   other   hairdryers   t3   featherweight ,   elchim   2001   and   bablyiss   2800   .   i   chose   the   onei   based   upon   the   great   reviews ,   the   4   year   warranty ,   and   the   price .   i   think   this   hairdryer   is   great .   it   is   very   quite ,   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time ,   and   feels   like   it   will   last .   my   hair   feels   great   not   scorched   like   with   my   old   dryer .   if   you   are   looking   for   a   top   performing   dryer ,   i   would   highly   recommend   trying   this   dryer   first !   the   cool   setting   actually   gets   very   cold ,   which   is   also   a   great   bonus   for   locking   in   curl   and   reducing   frizz .
great   dryer   great   dryer .   nice   heating   controls ,   average   weight .   i   have   had   it   for   a   few   months   and   have   been   very   happy   with   it .
retractable   cord   is   great   this   is   a   great   little   hair   dryer .   i   like   that   it   has   three   heat   settings   which   are   useful   when   wanting   my   hair   to   be   straighter   or   have   more   curl .   i   was   hesitant   about   the   retractable   cord ,   but   it   works   great   and   i   have   not   had   any   issues   with   this   dryer   at   all ,   good   purchase .
absolutely   thrilled   this   is   by   far   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   purchased ..   i   have   thick   long   hair   past   my   waist   and   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   lots   of   airflow ..   for   the   amount   of   power   i   feel   it   has   its   a   plus   that   its   much   smaller   then   the   dryers   i   ve   had ..   i   wouldn   t   say   it   was   quiet   but   its   not   very   loud ..   it   kinda   hums   instead   of   the   high   pitch   whistling   others   have .. and   im   in   love   with   beautiful   color   and   texture ..   i   bought   another   as   a   xmas   gift   for   my   mother   in   law   i   know   she   will   love   it ...   the   4   yr   warranty   is   a   very   nice   bonus !
awesome   love   this   dryer ,   compared   it   with   the   sedu   4000   and   ended   up   returning   the   sedu   because   it   was   much   heavier   and   louder .   this   dryer   is   quiet ,   light ,   and   i   don   t   have   to   straighten   my   hair   after .   my   hair   is   thick ,   wavy   and   frizzy .   it   also   cut   down   my   drying   time   about   5   minutes .   so   glad   i   found   it   on   amazon   after   a   very   extensive   search .   and   it   was   half   the   price   of   the   sedu !
my   wife   s   christmas   request   this   item   came   fast   and   as   of   this   writing ,   she   hasn   t   opened   the   gift .   looking   forward   to   seeing   her   eyes   on   this   item .   thanks   again .
powerful   my   only   objection   is   how   large   it   is .   why   can   t   they   make   a   travel   sized   dryer   with   a   brush   attachment  
warning   ours   caught   fire   i   bought   two   of   these   in   march   of   2011 .   within   12   months   the   first   one   died .   this   morning ,   after   32   months   of   use ,   the   second   one   caught   fire   in   my   wife   s   hand .   these   are   not   a   quality   product   and   are   even   dangerous .
greatt !   i   love   the   adjustable   heat ,   i   love   the   attachments   and   works   and   lasts   for   years !   it   was   everything   i   could   want   in   a   hairdryer
best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   owned !   this   hair   dryer   is   everything ! !   i   absolutely   love   it ! !   i   am   african   american   and   have   very   kinky   hair .   this   dryer   gets   my   hair   straight   and   then   i   only   have   to   run   through   my   hair   with   the   flat   iron   one   time .   i   also   use   it   for   my   daughter .   she   has   loose   curly   hair   and   it   gets   her   hair   silky   straight .   love   love   love   this   dryer !
great   blow   dryer !   i   m   a   professional   stylist .   this   dryer   is   powerful ,   it   works   great   for   any   type   of   hair .   the   2   nozzles   give   me   options   to   how   to   distribute   the   air   flow   according   to   the   density   of   the   hair ,   i   really   like   it !   great   for   professionals   and   personal   use   too .   you   can   t   go   wrong   with   twin   turbo ,   they   are   great   dryers .   thank   you .
an   overall   great   buy   at   an   affordable   cost   have   owned   a   few   hair   dryers   and   this   one   has   definitely   been   my   favorite .   provides   adequate   fan   power   and   heat   while   the   overall   design   seems   solid .   the   cool   setting   provides   a   nice   little   gush   of   cooler   air   and   the   folding   ability   has   been   pretty   handy   albeit   mainly   handy   for   going   on   trips   .   the   attachments   it   comes   with   also   work   pretty   nicely   and   fit   pretty   snug .   have   had   this   for   more   than   a   year   now   with   no   problems   as   everything   is   still   operating   perfectly .   would   definitely   recommend   for   anyone   looking   for   a   solid   and   well   priced   hair   dryer .
not   exactly   what   i   thought   i   am   happy   with   the   fact   that   my   hair   does   feel   healthier   but   dry   time   which   was   supposed   to   be   cut   in   half   was   not   so .   for   the   cost   of   the   dryer   i   would   have   like   directions   to   running   the   dryer .   i   have   no   idea   what   the   difference   is   between   negative   ions   or   neutral   ions .   this   would   be   helpful   since   its   all   about   the   ions !   overall   i   feel   like   it   is   a   good   dryer   just   wish   it   had   done   all   it   was   supposed   to   do   for   the   price !
love   it   dries   my   long   hair   really   quickly .   very   lightweight .   i   like   that   it   has   several   settings   so   i   have   choices   on   strength   and   heat   level .
way   too   heavy   this   dryer   is   professional   quality   and ,   it   does   work   very   well   if   you   have   the   muscles   to   operate .   it   is   too   heavy   to   travel   with .
work   horse   this   hairdryer   is   similar   to   a   blue   vidal   sassoon   hairdryer   that   i   wrote   a   review   about   a   few   years   ago   that   seem   to   not   be   available   any   more   which   is   easy   to   repair .   this   hairdryer   is   3   speed   so   the   wiring   is   more   complicated   than   in   the   vidal   sassoon .   i   have   taken   this   hairdryer   apart   to   clean   and   lubricate   it ,   i   take   the   back   part   off   which   has   a   metal   screen   inside   run   in   under   the   faucet   with   hot   water   then   i   spray   wd   40   in   the   motor   doing   that   it   will   probably   last   forever .   it   has   of   get   to   burn   out   the   fuse   which   i   have   bypassed   a   few   times   on   the   vidal   sassoon   but   apparently   there   seems   to   be   a   piece   of   plastic   under   to   button   to   the   switch   which   i   lost   taking   it   apart   i   put   it   back   together   and   it   worked   right   but   had   to   use   a   small   screw   driver   to   turn   in   on   and   off   with   so   i   tried   to   modify   it   so   that   i   did   not   have   to   use   a   small   screw   driver   now   only   high   setting   works .   i   have   taken   other   hairdryers   apart   and   could   not   hardly   put   them   back   together   this   hairdryer   goes   back   together   fairly   easy   but   it   being   3   speed   if   you   break   some   wires   i   do   not   even   want   to   think   about   it .   i   use   hairdryers   for   many   things   as   thawing   out   water   lines ,   defrosting   the   freezer ,   defrosting   the   windshield   on   my   truck ,   pre   heating   the   cab ,   dry   out   socks   and   shoes ,   putting   under   blanks   when   its   very   cold   this   hairdryer   has   a   round   back   which   helps   keep   stuff   from   blocking   off   the   air   flow   and   i   have   had   hairdryers   to   burn   out   because   of   having   a   flat   back   and   fall   in   to   a   chair   with   a   blanket   and   burn   out ,   and   this   hairdryer   has   a   good   automatic   heat   switch   which   prevents   it   from   over   heating   but   do   not   ever   leave   a   hairdryer   under   the   blanket   while   you   are   sleeping   or   not   there .
just   what   i   needed !   i   absolutely   love   this   dryer !   it   gets   really   hot   on   the   highest   setting   which   i   prefer   using   because   it   will   dry   my   hair   faster .   i   like   that   it   is   adjustable   and   you   can   get   a   chair   and   slide   it   right   over .   overall ,   it   did   the   job   of   drying   my   hair   and   i   m   satisfied .
second   one !   yes .   i   like   it .   i   just   wish   it   was   even   hotter   but   it   is   hot   enough .   i   like   the   nightlight   too .   mounting   can   be   easy   depending ....
works   great   bought   one   for   our   winter   home   also   because   its   a   great   space   saver   and   its   extremely   convenient   to   have   it   right   at   your   fingertips .   very   powerful   for   a   little   dryer .
stopped   working   i   m   honestly   not   one   to   write   reviews   but   do   rely   heavily   on   them   and   this   item   was   rated   very   high   by   amazon   customers   who   purchased   it .   i   have   to   admit ,   i   really ,   really   liked   it   until   it   just   simply   stopped   working .   it   is   lightweight   and   powerful   and   fairly   quiet   for   a   blow   dryer .   i   was   real   happy   with   it   until   it   just   recently   stopped   working ... conveniently   right   outside   the   1   year   limited   warranty .   i   didn   t   misuse   or   drop   it   and   i   kept   the   filter   clean   so   not   sure   what   happened   but   i   know   my   last   blow   dryer   lasted   for   years .   it   was   working   when   i   gave   it   away   when   i   got   this   one .   so ,   not   so   thrilled   but   maybe   it   was   a   fluke .   who   knows .
love   this   dryer !   love   this   hair   dryer !   2nd   i   ve   owned .   first   one   i   got   on   qvc   amazon   was   cheaper   to   go   for   this   one !   t3   is   worth   it   for   hair   dryer   i   know   they   r   much   more   expensive   but   worth   the   price .   drying   time   is   less   cuts   down   on   frizz .   br   i   ll   never   go   back   to   store   brand ! !
space   save ,   beautiful   and   powerful .   i   have   been   using   this   model   for   the   last   10   years ,   it   only   been   replaced   for   once .   it   is   beautiful ,   space   save ,   powerful   and   very   durable   plus   it   has   a   night   light .
great   hairdryer   can   t   get   a   much   better   hair   dryer   for   this   price .   have   had   no   problems   with   it .   my   wife   loves   it   and   uses   it   all   the   time !
great   dryer   if   you   don   t   get   a   defective   one   i   liked   this   hair   dryer   while   it   worked .   it   was   light   and   didn   t   tire   my   arm   or   wrist ,   it   got   hot   enough   to   dry   my   hair ,   and   it   wasn   t   extremely   loud   like   a   lot   of   dryers   are .   however ,   after   a   month   and   a   half   of   using   it   once   every   day   for   about   15   mins ,   it   stopped   blowing   hot   air .   it   still   blew   air   and   everything   perfectly ,   it   just   stopped   heating   the   air .   so ,   i   had   to   get   rid   of   it   because   cold   air   does   not   work   well   to   dry   my   long   hair .   i   think   it   might   have   just   been   a   lemon ,   because   i   know   sometimes   there   s   just   going   to   be   defective   items   in   a   group .   amazon   customer   service   was   quick   to   help   me   though ,   and   i   was   able   to   get   a   refund .
great   gift   idea   but   i   bought   it   for   myself   i   love   my   hanging   hair   dryer ,   i   never   have   to   drag   it   out   of   a   drawer   and   put   it   back   it   is   always   there   it   has   a   night   light   but   i   usually   unplug   it   unless   i   have   company   the   light   comes   in   very   handy   then   it   has   plenty   of   air   for   blowing   my   long   hair   and   i   also   like   the   way   i   can   hang   the   cord   up
pass   this   product   up   the   hand   controls   seem   very   flimsy   and   there   are   only   two   heat   setting   and   when   i   set   it   at   hot ,   it   give   me   warm   air   at   most .   i   d   return   it   but   i   aready   threw   the   box   away .
item   not   as   described   to   be   fair ,   i   cannot   actually   review   the   dryer   itself .   i   received   the   dryer   with   the   diffuser   attachment   missing ,   which   renders   it   pretty   much   useless   for   me .   i   also   received   a   black   purple   dryer ,   which   is   not   a   big   deal ,   but   receiving   an   item   that   does   not   include   attachments   included   in   the   description   a   different   color   when   it   was   not   stated   that   colors   may   vary ,   makes   me   wonder   whats   happening   in   quality   control .   frustrating .
inexpensive ,   with   consequences   bought   one   of   these   about   six   months   ago   from   a   big   box   store .   worked   fine   for   6   months ,   although   thought   it   was   pretty   noisy   and   high   setting   puts   out   a   lot   of   heat .   then ,   it   started   to   apparently   overheat   when   in   use ,   resulting   in   the   blower   slowing   down   and   no   hot   air   coming   out .   looks   like   a   thermo   sensing   switch   failed .   you   get   what   you   pay   for !
quiet   and   drys   hair   fast ! !   love   the   retractable   cord .   no   more   tangled   cord !   love   this   dryer .   it   is   also   pretty   quiet   for   it   s   high   wattage .   i   recommend   this   dryer .
love   it   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   takes   less   time   for   me   to   dry   my   hair .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   product   to   any   one   looking   for   an   above   average   hair   dryer
melts   easily   after   15   minutes   of   constant   operation   the   connection   betwee .   the   two   parts   started   melting .   other   than   that   everything   else   is   pretty   satisfying .
not   hot   enough   i   like   the   folding   handle   but   don   t   feel   like   the   dryer   gets   hot   enough   to   dry   my   hair   very   fast .
great   works   like   a   charm !   i   love   it !   it   does   a   great   job   for   the   money   that   i   spent   on   it !
the   best   hairdryer !   i   used   this   product   at   a   marriott   hotel   and   loved   it .   it   has   multiple   settings ,   a   directed   air   flow   and   seems   to   add   volume   to   my   hair .   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   handle   are   great   for   storage   and   travel .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   product   to   everyone .
not   infiniti !   i   received   this   blow   dryer   today   and   it   is   not   an   infiniti   blow   dryer .   it   is   just   a   regular   conair   blow   dryer .
andis   dryer   i   like   the   fact   this   dryer   is   light   which   is   great   however   it   is   very   loud   and   i   have   to   use   earplugs   because   of   the   noise   level .   it   does   a   great   job   drying   and   styling   hair .   i   have   used   this   dryer   in   hotels   before   but   never   have   i   experienced   a   dryer   that   is   this   loud .
worst   experience ! ! ! !   the   one   thing   i   do   want   to   give   them   credit   for   is   fast   shipping .   now !   on   another   note ,   the   first   bonnet   i   received   came   without   the   cord .   i   contacted   the   company   and   they   immediately   got   back   to   me   stating   that   they   would   send   me   another   bonnet .   now   the   second   bonnet   really   made   me   upset   because   it   was   damaged .   the   main   thing   that   made   me   upset   is   how   eager   i   was   to   get   the   purchase   and   both   attempts   failed .   they   replied   stating   they   would   send   me   out   another   one   but   i   realized   that   if   they   couldn   t   get   it   together   the   first   two   times ,   i   was   afraid   to   see   what   the   third   would   be .   they   need   to   reevaluate   their   packaging   procedure   for   a   more   accurate   outcome   on   products .   i   m   very   disappointed   and   would   never   purchase   from   this   company   ever   again .   never   had   an   issue   like   this   throughout   my   years   of   purchasing   items   through   amazon !
decent   dryer ,   installation   glitches   base   does   not   fit   flat   to   the   wall   because   of   protruding   round   head   screws   on   back   of   base .   remove   screws   before   installation .   one   of   these   screws   had   broken   it   s   plastic   receiver   anyway   and   was   holding   nothing .   mounting   hardware   1   screw   missing   and   too   small   br   to   hold   securely   anyway .   no   mounting   instructions .   no   drywall   mollies .   i   actually   like   the   dryer   itself .   nice   thick   cord ,   decent   power   on   high .   low   setting   on   the   dryer   is   totally   useless   .   if   your   handy   like   me   you   can   make   the   installation   work   for   a   perfect   fit .
what   it   is !   great   deal   for   the   price .   only   drawback   is   lack   of   height   adjustment .   this   requires   only   that   either   the   platform   it   s   resting   on   and   or   the   seating   of   the   user   be   adjusted   instead .   excellent   winter   head   warmer   and   brain   circulation   stimulator   worth   upwards   of   15   iq   points .
avoid !   it   was   really   loud ,   unnecessarily   powerful   for   drying   hair ,   my   daughter   was   petrified   of   it   and   then   it   suddenly   glowed   red   and   started   smoking !
if   not   better ,   than   a   dryer   that   blows   you   through   a   ...   i   ve   been   using   a   john   freida   1875   watt   dryer ,   which   is   heavy   and   tiring   to   use ,   because   of   my   physical   limitations .   i   ran   across   this   hair   dryer ,   which   i   stored   after   buying   the   freida .   the   only   reason   i   replaced   it   is   because   i   was   looking   for   a   dryer   with   a   cold   shot .   br   br   i   used   the   dryer   last   night   and   it   dries   faster   than   the   freida   1825   watt   dryer !   since   it   s   only   1200   watts ,   the   dryer   doesn   t   blow   as   hard .   it   goes   to   reason   that ,   since   the   air   is   not   moving   as   fast ,   it   will   heat   as   well ,   if   not   better ,   than   a   dryer   that   blows   you   through   a   wall .   since   i   have   a   lot   of   very   fine ,   straight   hair ,   which   is   shoulder   blade   length ,   it   doesn   t   take   much   blowing   air   to   tangle   my   hair .   because   of   the   decreased   speed   of   the   dryer ,   i   had   no   problems   with   tangles ,   yet   the   time   it   took   to   blow   my   hair   dry   decreased   by   1   3 .   br   br   my   hair   looked   shiner   last   night   than   after   using   the   freida ,   which   i   attribute   to   the   decreased   wattage   of   the   dryer .   also ,   the   dryer   is   quieter   than   the   freida   dryer .
good   quality ,   compact ,   wish   it   had   separate   speed   temperature   controls   the   dryer   is   nicely   compact   when   it   s   folded .   i   like   the   retractable   cord ,   which   makes   it   even   easier   to   store   or   travel   with .   my   only   complaint   is   that   there   s   only   one   switch   for   34   low ,   medium ,   high   34   .   i   would   prefer   if   it   had   separate   temperature   and   speed   controls .   i   went   with   this   rather   than   another   compact   dryer   with   those   controls   because   of   the   good   reviews .   i   can   say   that   this   is   really   well   built .
great   hairdryer   love   this   hairdryer   it   is   one   of   the   best   hairdryers   i   have   ever   used   in   my   life !   i   ordered   this   for   a   friend   who   had   one   already   but   i   should   have   kept   it   for   myself   as   a   back   up   incase   my   ever   died   but   i   had   it   for   about   3   years   now   and   nothing   went   wrong   yet !
love   it !   i   love   this   blowdryer .   it   is   light   weight   and   portable .   i   love   how   it   folds   up   for   when   i   travel .   it   is   also   super   powerful   and   i   can   dry   my   long   hair   in   just   5   10   min .
rating   for   andis   rc   2   tonic   1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer   everything   i   want   in   a   hair   dryer .   used   the   same   model   in   a   hotel   i   stayed   out   and   had   to   have   one   for   myself   and   one   for   my   daughter .
love   the   retractable   cord !   great   traveling   hair   dryer .   i   used   this   when   i   went   to   florida   last   month   and   it   was   so   nice   how   it   folds   and   the   retractable   cord   was   great   instead   of   wining   it   around   the   handle .
does   the   job   this   dryer   is   a   bit   larger   than   i   expected   but   is   very   lightweight .   i   have   a   couple   minor   issues   there   is   no   loop   attached   to   hang   up   the   dryer   and   the   cord   is   about   a   foot   too   short   for   my   taste .   it   does   dry   my   hair   however ,   so   all   in   all ,   it   does   the   job .
quiet ,   well   made   hair   dryer .   my   wife   bought   this ,   but   i   ll   leave   my   two   cents .   this   is   a   very   quiet   hair   dryer .   i   figured   that   was   something   interesting   that   you   should   know .   the   air   blows   smooth   and   has   a   cool   air   button .   the   weight   is   about   average   and   comes   with   two   end   pieces   that   i   have   no   idea   what   they   are   for .   its   a   very   nice   hair   dryer .   the   quiet   factor   with   our   sleeping   baby   is   something   i   didn   t   expect .
oster   wall   mount   hair   dryer   it   was   just   what   i   wanted   and   worked   great   for   a   few   months ,   then   one   of   the   fan   blades   broke   off   for   no   apparent   reason   just   after   the   warranty   expired .   no   way   to   fix   it ,   so   it   went   into   the   garbage !
awesome   dryer !   excellent !   can   t   believe   how   smooth   my   hair   is   since   using   this   dryer .   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time .   love   it !
works   great !   several   months   later ,   it   is   working   great .   i   m   not   sure   about   34   ionic   conditioning   34   but   it   doesn   t   cause   the   split   ends   my   old   conair   did   so   something   positive   is   happening
it   definitely   is   mighty   and   mini !   i   love   it !   it   s   little ,   and   it   s   powerful ,   what   more   do   you   want   from   something   called   34   mighty   mini   34   br   br   for   all   the   reviewers   that   complain   about   the   size   and   how   34   cheap   34   if   feels ,   realize   that   you   are   buying   something   made   for   travel ,   and   that   it   cost   a   whopping   20 .   br   br   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   and   suits   my   needs   perfectly .   br   br   if   you   want   a   bigger ,   more   expensive   one ,   then   go   find   one   elsewhere .
works   as   promised ,   very   light .   i   ve   only   had   this   for   about   a   week   but   i   m   pretty   impressed   so   far .   i   had   my   old   hairdryer   for   at   least   6   years   and   it   finally   crapped   out   on   me   it   was   just   a   revlon   that   i   had   gotten   from   walmart   or   somewhere .   i   considered   spending   about   30   more   on   a   nicer   dryer ,   but   decided   i   d   try   a   conair   first   since   it   was   cheaper   and   my   mom   has   one   that   i   love   using   when   i   go   home .   so   i   ordered   this   guy   which   came   in   two   days   gotta   love   amazon   prime   when   you   don   t   have   a   working   hair   dryer   and   was   initially   kind   of   bummed   when   i   opened   it .   i   know   you   get   what   you   pay   for ,   but   this   one   is   much   lighter   than   the   dryer   my   mom   has ,   so   i   was   worried   it   wouldn   t   work   as   well .   turns   out   my   fears   were   unfounded   this   guy   is   powerful   and   quieter   than   my   old   dryer ,   and   the   tourmaline   ceramic   technology ,   which   they   tout   as   leaving   your   hair   shinier   with   less   frizz ,   totally   works !   my   hair   has   been   amazing   every   day .   i   also   really   like   how   light   it   is   now   that   i   know   it   works .   i   don   t   know   how   long   this   guy   will   last   and   i   can   see   the   matte   casing   eventually   peeling   off   like   the   other   reviewer   mentioned ,   but   it   s   functionality   is   fantastic   for   the   price .   would   definitely   recommend   this .
works   well   i   like   that   i   can   get   great   results   on   the   medium   setting .   found   that   i   only   use   the   hot   setting   when   i   am   in   a   rush .   but   be   careful   because   it   s   gets   really   hot .
a   must   have ! !   used   it   at   a   hotel   and   had   to   have   one .   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   dries   fast   cuts   drying   time   in   half ,   and   doesn   t   make   my   hair   frizzy .   highly   recommend   it ! !
best   blowdryer   for   me !   this   was   the   first   product   i   buy   on   amazon ,   the   thing   is   heavy   but   it   works   amazing   ,   is   big   but   i   won   t   change   it   for   nothing ! !   the   prize   it   s   awesome   comparing   with   what   you   can   do   with   this   thing ,   best   thing   it   won   t   damage   ur   hair   !
great   styler ! !   don   t   be   fooled   by   its   tiny   size ... it   is   so   powerful !   it   dries   my   hair   as   fast   and   my   big   one !   it   s   cute ,   convenient   and   efficient .   i   love   it !
hair   dryer   i   like   having   a   small ,   but   powerful   hair   dryer   that   doesn   t   take   up   much   space   in   the   bathroom   or   suitcase   when   needed .   would   have   preferred   the   cord   to   be   white   so   it   wouldn   t   be   as   noticeable   in   the   bathroom ,   but   just   a   minor   disappointment .   also ,   the   on   off   heat   setting   control   is   a   little   hard   to   move ,   which   is   why   i   gave   it   4   stars   rather   than   5 .
its   just   right !   its   just   what   i   needed .   its   a   simple   blow   dryer   but   it   works   just   fine   for   being   so   cheap .   i   like   how   its   effective   in   the   mornings   after   a   long   shower .
i   am   obsessed   with   this   blowdryer ! ! !   i   have   thick ,   curly   hair   that   i   blow   out   every   few   days .   this   blow   dryer   has   cut   my   drying   time   in   half !   the   air   force   is   strong   with   this   one .   put   it   down   on   the   bathroom   counter   and   watch   your   hair   ties   and   whatnot   go   flying .   but   it   gets   the   job   done ,   and   incredibly   well .   my   hair   is   less   dry   from   this   dryer ,   despite   the   high   heat ,   and   looks   very   healthy   and   sleek   when   blown   out .   br   br   worth   it !
not   long   lived   purchased   in   december   2011 .   worked   great   up   until   november   2013 .   it   behaves   as   if   there   is   a   short .   i   suspect   it   involves   the   retractable   cord .   i   ll   shy   away   from   another   retractable   cord   product .
blue   novelties   products   all   the   product   i   purchased   from   blue   novelties   thru   amazon   were   christmas   gifts   for   my   girls .   they   were   delighted   and   thrilled   at   the   way   the   products   worked .   i   ll   be   saving   a   lot   of   beauty   salon   cost   from   now   on .   i   love   shopping   at   amazon . com   and   i   have   found   a   friend   in   blue   novelties .   please   email   me   a   catalog   so   i   can   give   it   to   them .   problem   now   is ...   they   fight   over   the   products .   br   ... i   can   t   win ,   no   matter   how   much   i   try !   thanx ... mr .   mac
great   this   blowdryer   is   a   great   product .   it   is   lightweight   and   dries   your   hair   fast .   it   is   a   super   product   for   the   price .
noisy !   very   loud !   i   bought   this   to   give   to   my   wife   to   replace   her   old   hair   dryer .   this   one   is   so   noisy   it   sounds   like   she   is   drying   her   hair   with   a   jet   engine !
love   this   dryer !   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   at   least   4   years ,   and   although   i   did   not   purchase   it   from   amazon   i   am   still   reviewing   the   product   itself .   my   dryer   is   still   going   strong   like   the   day   i   took   it   out   of   the   box .   a   few   notes   of   caution   1   keep   the   lint   filter   on   the   backside   cleaned   off   or   the   air   flow   will   be   cut   down .   using   an   old   toothbrush   can   help   clean   this   off ,   2   do   not   use   the   hottest   setting .   as   others   have   stated ,   it   will   fry   your   hair .   i   had   this   problem   several   years   ago   and   didn   t   realize   my   hair   had   fried   because   of   the   setting   on   the   dryer ,   until   my   stylist   looked   at   my   dryer .   i   use   it   on   the   medium   setting   and   it   works   great .
great   for   my   home   bound   mom   !   seems   to   be   working   great .   my   86   year   old   mom   can   t   get   to   the   salon   much   any   more   so   this   works   for   her   hair   needs .
great   blowdryer !   great   hairdryer .   works   perfectly   fine .   it   dries   my   hair   in   less   than   5   minutes !   my   hais   short   but   a   bit   thick .
excellent   travel   dryer   small ,   powerful , easy   to   take   on   trips , .. , occupies   very   little   space ,   light   weight ,   works   in   europe   with   no   hassle , easy   to   pack , attractive   design
great   hairdryer !   very   strong   wind   produced   by   this   hairdryer .   dries   my   hair   very   fast ,   the   cool   setting   defrizzes   my   hair   after   the   wind   tunnel   dry   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   i   can   dry   it   in   about   6   7   mins .   great   product   ordered   as   a   replacement   after   my   old   one   same   hairdryer   died .
great   dryer ,   nothing   needed   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer ! !   it   s   cooler   than   most ,   which   is   what   gives   hair   its   shine   and   control .   works   very   well .
great   little   hair   dryer   works   great .   compact ,   portable ,   powerful .   so   far   so   good .   would   purchase   again .   purchased   to   replace   an   older   model   of   same   brand .
nice   extra   installed   in   guest   room   bath   and   it   s   a   nice   extra   that   is   convenient   and   out   of   the   way .   especially   liked   that   the   cord   is   not   dangling !
not   legit   but   still   happy   with   the   purchase .   any   t3   product   purchased   on   amazon   is   not   recognized   by   the   company   i . e .   manufacturer   warranty   not   honored   .   i   tried   to   register   my   product   and   found   that   my   serial   number   was   already   registered ...   i   contacted   the   company   and   was   told   that   neither   amazon   nor   the   reseller   are   authorized   resellers   for   t3 .   this   could   mean   a   number   of   things ...   nevertheless ,   i   love   this   dryer ,   which   seems   to   work   extremely   well .   i   decided   to   take   my   chances   with   this   34   version   34   of   the   t3   micro   featherweight   luxe ,   which   is   about   half   the   price   of   one   from   the   manufacturer   or   an   authorized   reseller .
powerful   for   its   size   this   is   a   small   powerful   hair   dryer .   it   fulfills   our   needs   very   well   and   it   has   a   cute   color .   our   5   year   old   daughter   can   use   it   being   so   lite .
no   more   dragging   out   the   hair   dryer .   i   use   this   every   day   and   they   are   the   best   hair   dryer   wall   mount   you   are   ever   going   to   buy .   quality   dryer   that   blows   hot   and   hard   enough   to   dry   you   hair   very   quickly   and   hang   it   back   up   and   you   are   off   and   running .   anyone   can   mount   it   to   the   wall   near   an   outlet   and   a   mirror .   i   am   on   my   3   one   over   many   many   years   and   will   not   buy   any   other   dryer   when   you   can   have   this   one   to   keep   your   life   fast   and   simple   and   still   looks   good   mounted   on   you   wall .
got   to   have   i   love   this   blow   dryer , because   it   get   the   job   done , for   less   the   price .   i   do   a   lot   of   natural   hair   and   it   smooth   out   that   cuticle   allowing   me   to   flatiron   the   hair   smooth   and   straight . this   it   s   the   second   one   i   bought .   one   for   home   and   one   for   word .   love   it .
works   even   on   thick   curly   hair   great   high   quality   hair   dryer   that   works   extremely   well .   comes   with   a   diffuser   and   all   so   it   is   great   for   even   long ,   thick   curly   hair .   dries   it   quickly   and   overall   it   even   looks   like   a   very   nice   product   as   the   handle   material   is   very   smooth   with   a   good   grip .   great   value   for   purchase ,   would   highly   recommend .
p . o . s .   this   thing   died   within   a   month   of   purchase .   bought   it   for   the   girlfriend   to   use   when   she   visited .   so   it   wasn   t   even   everyday   use   for   that   month .
perfect   i   have   a   small   bathroom ,   so   putting   the   hair   dryer   on   the   wall   is   a   great   solution .   it   is   at   my   fingertips !
powerfull   for   it   s   size ...   works   well .   perfect   for   travel .   compact ,   light   weight ,   as   good   as   any   full   size   dryer .   pretty   sturdy   also .   i   d   recommend   it .
works   great .   heats   up   really   quickly .   not   sure   if   the   ionic   thing   actually   works   or   not ,   but   it   dries   my   hair   fast .   br   br   and   as   a   guy ,   the   black   and   gold   design   is   nice .   not   as   embarassing   as   having   a   bright   pink   hair   dryer .
finally   a   small   blower   with   a   diffuser   that   works   awesome   product !   just   what   i   wanted .   i   have   medium   length ,   thick ,   curly   hair   that   takes   forever   to   dry ,   and   was   looking   for   a   small   blow   dryer   with   a   diffuser .   i   wanted   the   blow   dryer   to   double   for   daily   use   and   travel ,   so   my   items   can   be   useful   in   all   ways   and   save   space   since   i   live   in   a   small   home .   when   i   first   received   the   product   and   removed   it   from   the   box ,   i   was   skeptical   about   its   ability   to   dry   hair .   it   looks   like   a   toy .   however ,   it   has   two   speeds   which   are   comparable   to   other   blow   dryers .   it   works   great .   i   use   it   every   day .   i   love   the   bag   which   is   stylish   and   easily   holds   all   the   accessories   plus   the   dryer   without   problems .   finally   someone   who   makes   a   storage   bag   where   the   product   actually   fits   once   the   consumer   uses   it .   unlike   tents   that   you   can   never   stuff   back   into   the   bag   once   you   unpack   them .   i   loved   this   product   so   much   i   bought   one   for   a   gift .
love   it .   i   love   that   this   dryer   is   compact   and   really   blows   the   air   at   your   hair .   i   found   this   in   a   hotel   and   liked   it   so   i   looked   it   up   and   bought   it   from   amazon .   love   the   price ,   too !   i   have   a   150   dryer ,   which   i   really   like ,   but   it   just   doesn   t   blow   the   hair   as   strongly   as   i   would   like   sometimes .
i   expected   more ,   it   is   a   little   heavy ,   but   it   does   the   job .   john   frieda   products   are   always   good .   i   use   the   shampoo ,   what   is   good .   not   more   to   say ,   just   another   hairdryer .
love   it   the   best   blow   dryer   ever .   23   afro   american   female   i   use   with   a   long   hard   comb   attachment   and   this   makes   blow   drying   so   much   easier   because   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   i   hate   doing   it   myself   but   this   definitely   helps   out   when   i   m   tryna   save   money   but   skipping   the   salon
conair   1875   bought   for   a   trip   to   europe   worked   great   with   an   adapter   no   troubles .   small   and   easy   to   fit   into   luggage !
good   hair   dryer ,   no   need   for   light   great   hair   dryer .... lose   the   night   light .   it   s   quiet   and   easy   to   install .   if   you   keep   the   light   make   it   any   color ,   except   for   green .   i   thought   et   was   sleeping   in   the   bathroom .
larger   than   previous   model   i   had   the   previous   model   and   loved   it .   this   model   is   larger   and   heavier ,   i   also   runs   hotter   that   the   previous   one .   br   i   did   not   return   it   thinking   that   i   would   adapt   to   the   changes   which   i   have .   i   would   hesitate   to   buy   another   when   br   this   one   stops   working .
faulty   design   when   it   works   its   okay ,   but   the   hood   has   a   habit   of   collapsing   when   it   gets   too   hot .   the   part   that   holds   up   the   hood   does   not   keep   the   hood   up .
good   power ,   long   lasting !   quality   hair   dryer ,   works   perfectly .   you   do   need   to   be   careful   to   thread   the   cord   through   the   bottom   to   get   a   tight   fit   against   the   wall .   runs   and   runs   and   runs   forever ,   really .
bad   product   on   and   off   switch   broke   after   one   week   of   using   it . high   heat   was   not   that   hot . when   using   it   smelled   as   if   something   was   burning . would   not   recommend   to   buy .
don   t   bother   spend   a   little   more   and   buy   a   quality   product   lasted   for   a   few   months   and   then   crapped   out   would   not   be   worth   buying   again   only   used   it   4   5   times   a   month .
great   for   medium   textured   wavy   hair   this   is   everything   i   need   in   a   hair   dryer .   i   have   medium   textured   wavy   hair ,   and   the   diffuser   really   helps   make   the   most   of   my   curls   and   waves .   they   turn   out   with   great   volume   and   shine   my   husband   says   my   hair   is   34   fluffy   but   in   a   good   way   34   ,   and   less   frizz   than   i   get   with   letting   my   hair   air   dry .   overall ,   the   product   does   its   job   and   i   am   very   pleased .
love   it   i   love   having   my   hair   dryer   out   of   the   way   and   on   the   wall .   reviews   said   the   night   light   went   out   in   2   weeks ,   but   i   have   had   mine   for   a   few   weeks   and   the   night   light   is   still   going   strong .   the   only   issue   i   have   with   this   hairdryer   is   that   it   doesn   t   have   a   cool   air   setting .
hair   dryer   does   not   work   on   220   volts !   i   took   the   hair   dryer   to   asia   and   while   there ,   i   put   it   on   the   220   volt   setting   and   plugged   it   in .   it   worked   good   on   the   low   fan   speed ,   but ,   when   i   put   it   on   high ,   the   hair   dryer   smoked   and   immediately   burnt   up .   i   had   tested   it   in   the   usa   on   the   110   setting   and   it   seemed   to   work   fine .   this   unit   in   my   mind   will   not   work   in   asia   without   burning   up .   it   was   either   defective   or   not   engineered   to   work   on   220   volts .   my   friend   really   needs   a   hair   dryer   in   the   morning   and   was   not   a   happy   camper   when   it   burnt   up .   i
too   heavy   for   me ,   but   dries   well   this   hair   dryer   works   well   but   it   is   larger   and   heavier   than   i   expected   and   my   hair   seems   to   get   caught   in   it   a   bit .   i   would   have   liked   it   better   were   it   much   lighter   weight   and   smaller .
good   for   the   price .   i   got   this   for   my   girlfriend .   it   works   fine   so   far   for   the   price .   it   s   a   bit   bulky ,   i   wish   it   folded   up ... but   those   don   t   seem   to   be   as   good   without   spending   a   lot   more   money .
nice   mini   hair   dryer   with   power   great   hair   dryer !   i   have   short   hair   and   can   dry   my   hair   in   about   90   seconds .   it   also   is   small   enough   to   not   take   up   too   much   room   on   the   bathroom   counter ,   and   is   light   and   fits   well   in   my   hand .
works   fine ,   but   to   bright   and   loud .   blows   hard   and   hot   if   needed .   had   to   disconnect   night   light ,   so   bright ,   could   be   used   as   a   street   light .   also ,   loud   enough   to   be   used   on   a   train ,   will   wake   everyone   in   the   house   with   the   door   closed .   had   a   different   brand   for   five   years   before ,   that   was   perfect ,   should   have   re   ordered   the   same .
love   it   makes   blow   drying   so   easy .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   the   combs   are   sturdy .   easy   to   handle   and   does   not   get   too   hot .
great   for   the   price .   i   got   this   for   the   wife .   when   i   asked   her   after   several   months   of   usage   she   said   it   s   great   and   work   like   a   lot   of   high   end   blue   dryer .   br   br   for   the   price   this   is   an   awesome   product .
not   powerful   and   brush   is   too   soft   i   have   used   a   brush   type   styler   dryer   for   many   years .   they   straighten   and   add   lift   to   my   otherwise   wavy   hair ,   plus   i   have   more   control   over   the   drying   process .   this   dryer   has   a   brush   with   very   soft   bristles   that   will   not   grab   the   hair   in   the   same   way   similar   brands   do .   the   bristles   will   no   doubt   collapse   after   a   few   uses .   it   s   also   not   a   very   strong   blowing   hair   dryer .   i   found   very   little   difference   in   the   medium   and   high   settings .   i   have   long   hair   and   it   took   me   quite   a   bit   longer   to   dry   my   hair   with   this   model   than   with   the   vidal   sassoon   dryer   i   was   using   previously .   i   m   not   impressed   with   this   dryer .
good   dryer   heavy   duty   dryer .   great   construction .   only   problem .... the   on   off   switches   are   a   little   hard   to   move   with   wet   fingers .   but   overall ... still   good   product .
beware ! !   this   seller   is   not   authorized !   if   dryer   stops   working ,   you   are   up   a   creek   with   wet   hair   and   no   dryer ! !   well   i   had   to   put   a   1   star   on   this   because   of   the   seller .   i   hate   to   give   the   blow   dryer   a   bad   rating   but   i   have   no   way   to   rate   the   seller   any   longer   and   i   need   you   all   to   see   this   review !   this   is   my   second   elchim   dryer   and   my   first   one   is   still   going   strong   after   7   years .   the   one   i   purchased   only   5   months   ago   from   this   seller ,   stopped   blowing   hot   hair   and   according   to   elchim ... there   is   not   much   help   because   amazon   is   not   an   authorized   seller   of   elchim .   i   contacted   this   particular   seller   with   no   response   big   surprise   and   noticed   just   today   that   they   changed   their   34   business   34   name .   i   noticed   amongst   the   reviews   that   i   am   not   the   first   situation   like   this .   the   elchim   rep   told   me   it   is   possible   these   are   either   not   authentic   elchim   dryers   or   they   could   possibly   be   selling   them   as   refurbished .   i   will   have   to   pay   to   ship   the   dryer   to   elchim   so   they   can   determine .   i   will   be   doing   this   since   i   spent   over   80   bucks   on   the   dryer .   in   a   nutshell ,   save   yourself   from   any   hassles   if   the   dryer   goes   bad   and   buy   directly   from   an   authorized   elchim   seller .
weak .   lightweight   entry   into   the   blowdryer   category   doesn   t   have   enough   oomph   to   blow   even   the   finest   hair   dry .   low   air   pressure   and   low   heat   combine   to   make   a   lengthy   process   out   of   what   ought   to   be   a   quick   morning   ritual .
five   stars   my   wife   loves   it
great   dryer   for   the   bucks   i   needed   a   2nd   dryer   to   leave   at   a   2nd   residence .   i   liked   the   first   one   i   bought   2   or   3   years   ago   and   it   still   works   fine ,   using   it   7   days   a   week .   this   is   fairly   compact ,   the   handle   folds   up ,   the   retractor   works   well   but   i   always   guide   the   cord   back   into   the   handle   when   i   retract   it   if   you   let   it   zip   closed   i   believe   it   places   more   wear   on   the   rewinding   mechanism   .   it   does   get   fairly   hot ,   has   a   cooler   setting ,   plus   shot   of   cold   air ,   not   too   loud ,   and   comfortable   to   grip   and   use .   it   would   be   nice   if   it   had   a   240   volt   built   in   converter   but   the   cost   was   slightly   under   twenty   bucks   and   many   foreign   hotels   in   the   west   have   built   in   converters   in   their   hotel   rooms .   i   was   very   pleased   with   the   first   one ,   still   up   and   running   fine ,   and   the   new   one   is   as   good   as   the   old   one .   my   wife   also   likes   it   as   she   has   very   thick   hair   which   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   she   says   for   an   inexpensive   hair   dryer   this   does   better   than   most   and   drys   her   hair   in   a   reasonable   manner .   a   number   of   hotels   like   marriott   buy   this   andis ,   and   others   that   look   almost   identical ,   to   place   in   their   rooms .   one   manager   stated   that   he   usually   keeps   several   on   hand   as   customers   frequently   ask   to   buy   one
love   it   ! !   i   had   this   blow   dryer   it   was   awesome   !   it   leaves   your   hair   amazing   when   using   it   on   the   last   power   !   i   need   to   re   buy   this   blow   dryer   !   i   have   really   thick   coarse   hair   with   bangs   this   blow   dryer   made   my   hair   super   straight   feels   like   right   out   of   the   salon   !
quiet ,   fast ,   shine !   busy   mom   has   drying   time   cut   in   half ,   plus   shinier   hair .   only   regret   i   have   is   not   buying   sooner !   also ,   it   is   quiet   which   is   soothing   to   me   and   less   intimidating   to   my   littles   on   the   occasion   i   dry   their   hair .
great   product   will   reorder   as   needed .   great   product .   wasn   t   sure   if   i   could   find   one   of   these   type   hair   dryers   again .   it   was   requested   by   one   of   our   senior   residents   that   live   in   the   residential   facility   i   work   at .
good   hairdryer   good   hairdryer   cheap ,   not   too   big ,   not   too   loud   and   lightweight .   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   it   is   powerful
awesome   this   is   by   far   the   best   hair   dryer   you   ll   ever   own .   i   have   wavy ,   thick   not   complaining   ,   out   of   control   hair   that   is   usually   best   left   to   dry   on   its   own .   but   this   dryer   straightens   it   without   use   of   any   additional   hair   products .   i   am   impressed !
excellent   product   this   is   great   product .   i   brought   one   for   my   sisters   and   mother .   they   really   love   it .   i   also   put   on   in   our   rv   coach .   i   would   recommend   to   everyone .
frizz   free   drying   this   is   one   efficient   dryer ,   and   it   seems   to   do   a   great   job   in   reducing   frizz   in   my   curly   hair .   i   use   it   with   the   diffuser   haven   t   attempted   a   straight   styling   with   it   yet   and   i   get   great   results   even   on   the   high   hot   setting .   love   the   the   cord   retracts   for   easy   storage ,   too .   wrapping   a   cord   around   the   handle   every   time   gets   old   pretty   fast   when   you   re   using   a   dryer   every   day .
a   little   bit   too   big   for   travel   hairdrier   my   plans   were   to   replace   my   travel   hairdrier   with   this   one   but   this   one   was   bigger   than   mine .   the   advantage   i   found   is   the   noise .   this   hairdrier   is   not   as   loud   as   many   other   but   to   me   the   size   was   more   important .   would   not   work   for   me .   if   size   is   not   an   issue   this   is   a   good   purchase .
fast   drying   and   prevents   frizzy   hair   decided   to   buy   this   hairdryer   based   on   what   my   hair   stylist   said .   i   always   wondered   why   it   seems   faster   to   dry   my   hair   at   the   salon   than   at   home .   she   said   something   about   ionic   hairdryers   that   not   only   speed   up   the   drying   time ,   but   takes   away   unwanted   frizzy   hair .   she   said   to   buy   a   ceramic   brush   as   well   to   help   with   drying   and   to   prevent   frizzy   hair .   after   purchasing   this   hairdryer   and   the   right   brush ,   i   am   able   to   dry   my   hair   in   5   minutes   as   opposed   to   15   minutes   with   a   hairdryer   bought   at   like   cvs   or   rite   aid .   i   have   really   thick ,   medium   length   hair .   where   i   live   where   it   gets   humid   from   time   to   time ,   my   hair   does   get   frizzy .   after   buying   this   hairdryer ,   time   and   frizz   were   no   longer   an   issue .   my   husband   even   commented   on   how   fast   i   have   been   able   to   dry   my   hair .   i   figured   if   he   noticed ,   then   i   believe   i   made   the   right   purchase .   this   hair   dryer   is   a   34   game   changer   34   .   definitely ,   helped   me   get   ready   for   my   day   a   lot   faster .
thanks   gave   this   as   a   gift   she   loved   it ...   it   made   her   drying   time   half   of   what   it   was   she   has   long   thick   hair !   thanks !
not   that   great .   did   not   last   that   long   had   to   replace   it   with   another   brand .   the   heat   element   died   too   soon   i   thought .
this   deff   puts   in   the   workkk   ! !   i   just   got   mine   today   and   to   test   it   i   decided   to   do   my   sister   s   hair   !   so   when   i   open   the   box   let   me   tell   you   i   didnt   expect   it   to   be   so   small   .   however   ,   according   to   the   description   it   was   said   to   have   more   power   .   i   told   my   self   i   ll   be   the   judge   of   that   been   that   i   had   the   twin   turbo   3200   so   i   said   this   one   should   deff   do   better   .   so   i   did   her   hair   finished   it   very   quickly   actually   and   i   can   say   the   hair   was   very   shinny ,   the   size   did   not   have   anything   to   do   with   the   power   this   blow   dryer   provided ! ! !   so   i   am   pleased   with   the   results   the   hair   was   very   soft   and   like   glowy   which   never   happened   with   the   other   dryer   !
not   the   most   powerful   dryer ,   but   it   does   its   job .   this   is   my   second   andis   dryer   because   my   first   one   died   on   me ,   but   the   dryer   is   very   reasonably   priced ,   and   does   the   job   on   blowing   out   my   thick ,   long   hair .
love   it   so   strong   and   dries   well .   love   it !   i   have   been   using   it   for   ever   since   but   had   no   problems .  
disappointed   my   wife   loved   this   hairdryer   so   much   that   she   bought   another   when   the   first   one   sparked   and   died   after   several   months .   unfortunately ,   several   months   later ,   that   one   sparked   and   died .   very   disappointed !
amazing   this   little   dryer   is   amazing .   not   only   is   it   great   for   trips   but   for   people   with   little   strength   in   hands   and   shoulders .   my   cousin   just   loves   it .
infinity   by   conair   mighty   mini   blow   dryer   infinity   by   conair   mighty   mini   blow   dryer   is   awesome !   it   s   so   small   and   lightweight   i   forget   i   m   holding   a   blow   dryer !   br   don   t   be   fooled   by   the   small   appearence ,   you   ll   definitely   get   much   bang   for   your   buck   with   this   one !   i   have   long   curly   tresses   and   it   drys   my   hair   lickidy   split .   br   would   absolutely   recommend   to   a   friend   and   to   a   complete   stranger   too   !
happy   hair   a   great   replacement   for   a   dryer   i   had   for   years .   it   is ,   in   fact ,   better   than   the   one   i   had .   a   pleasure   to   use .
very   good   hair   dryer   i   like   this   hair   dryer .   much   lighter   than   my   old   one   and   dries   hair   great .   i   like   that   the   concentrator   is   included .   the   intake   screen   in   the   back   is   removable ,   so   i   can   clear   out   the   dust   that   collects .
cheap   switches ,   but   great   for   the   price   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   haven   t   had   any   problems   with   it   yet ,   but   the   sliding   switches   seem   really   cheap .   better   quality   switches   would   have   pushed   it   to   5   stars   shame   they   cut   corners   on   the   only   moving   piece   that   you   actually   have   to   manipulate   to   use   the   thing   reminding   me   how   cheap   it   feels   when   i   use   it   every   time .
awesome   quick   and   worth   the   price ! !   i   absolutely   love   this   blowdryer .   it   makes   my   hair   so   shiny   and   nice .   it   also   blowdries   it   in   less   than   10   minutes   and   i   have   pretty   long   hair   i   have   already   had   3   friends   test   this   out   and   buy   it .
works   well   with   my   small   bathroom   in   my   small   bathroom ,   space   on   the   vanity   counter   is   at   a   premium ,   this   wall   mounted   unit   works   works   well   to   take   care   of   the   problem .   br   br   it   was   easy   to   mount .   i   mounted   near   the   wall   electrical   plug   and   had   to   tie   up   the   excess   electrical   cord   from   the   unit   to   the   plug   ,   br   br   the   unit   has   two   heat   settings   and   two   speed   settings .
great   for   the   price !   when   my   old   hair   dryer   died   on   black   friday ,   i   knew   there   was   no   way   i   was   going   to   target   to   buy   a   new   one   that   day .   so ,   i   hopped   on   amazon ,   found   a   well   rated ,   inexpensive   model   and   then   paid   almost   the   purchase   price   to   have   it   shipped   to   me   on   saturday .   totally   worth   it .   this   works   as   well   as   any   hair   dryer   i   ve   had .   i   noticed   that   it   doesn   t   have   a   34   cool   34   setting   although   it   does   have   a   34   cool   34   button   .   i   ve   never   used   that   setting ,   but   if   you   need   a   hair   dryer   with   a   cool   setting ,   this   one   won   t   work   for   you .
powerful   and   light   weight   very   powerful ,   need   a   red   dryer   for   the   wife .   this   one   is   very   light   so   it   s   not   very   tiring   for   the   wrist .
top   hair   dryer   without   the   high   price .   excellent   in   every   way !   was   originally   concerned   about   replacing   a   professional   hair   dryer   with   this   one   and   couldn   t   be   happier .
it   keeps   blowing   a   fuse !   it   has   plenty   of   power   and   dries   my   hair   quite   well .   the   problem   is   that   it   seems   to   short   out   and   i   have   to   reset   the   fuse   constantly .   perhaps   it   is   overloading   my   circuit .   but   my   old   one   never   had   this   problem .
greater   drying   time   at   220v   i   have   been   using   this   dryer   for   about   8   months   now .   i   am   quite   happy   with   my   purchase .   as   far   as   dual   voltage   dryers   go ,   this   is   one   of   the   better   ones .   however ,   when   used   at   220v   i   find   that   drying   time   is   greater .   it   leaves   my   hair   quite   soft   and   relatively   frizz   free   even   without   a   product .   i   have   very   thick   ,   wavy   hair   with   a   lot   of   volume .
great   hairdryer ,   for   a   great   price .   love   this   hair   dryer !   perfect   price   works   great .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   with   no   hesitation .   i   use   both   attachments ,   and   both   work   great .
defuser   doesn   t   stay   on   i   love   this   dryer   but   have   gone   through   two   in   the   last   year .   i   always   use   the   defuser   with   it   and   the   defuser   attachment   always   falls   off   about   30   times   during   a   blow   dry   .   this   dryer   works   well   on   frizz   when   the   defuser   is   staying   on ,   but   it   is   extremely   frustrating   to   constantly   stop   and   reattach   it .
my   favorite   hair   dryer   ever !   i   bought   this   because   i   loved   the   idea   of   having   a   retractable   cord .   the   cord   works   as   well   as   i   had   hoped ,   and   the   unit   has   an   added   blessing   as   well   the   housing   doesn   t   seem   to   get   very   hot ,   so   i   don   t   have   to   wait   for   it   to   cool   before   putting   it   away .
best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   owned !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   medium   long   but   thick   hair ,   and   my   hair   dries   in   literally   1   3   to   1   2   the   time   of   my   old   hair   dryer .   comes   with   the   two   separate   attachments   directional   and   diffuser   and   then   both   work   great   and   attach   firmly   but   easily .   great   product !
great   little   blowdryer !   works   perfectly   if   you   follow   the   directions   for   use .   folds   nicely   and   doesn   t   take   up   a   lot   of   space . glad   to   have   it   with   me   on   my   european   travels !
great   travel   dryer   needed   a   dryer   lite   and   easy   to   use   for   when   we   travel   and   this   did   the   trick .   not   for   everyday   but   very   handy   for   travel   and   a   back   up   dryer
great   dryer   great   dryer ,   gets   the   job   done .   it   is   a   bit   heavy   but   manageable .   i   ve   had   it   for   quite   awhile   now ... can   t   remember   how   long ... and   no   diminishment   in   power   or   performance .
good   hair   dryer   excellent   hair   dryer !   it   takes   only   a   few   minutes   to   dry   the   hair .   my   only   negative   comment   is   its   a   little   heavy ...
its   a   decent   hair   dryer   i   picked   this   up   to   use   on   heatshrink   wrap .   it   didn   t   work   as   i   expected ,   but   it   does   work   well   on   drying   hair .   the   build   quality   is   questionable   at   best ,   i   feel   like   this   should   be   a   bit   heavier ,   but   its   really   light   and   i   feel   like   i   could   break   it   if   i   held   it   any   tighter .
don   t   buy   this   was   great   when   it   worked .   i   have   a   small   bathroom   and   it   was   the   perfect   solution   until   it   stopped   working   shortly   after   purchase .   i   should   have   returned   it .   i   do   not   recommend   this   unit .
fantastic   hair   dryer !   it   s   powerful ,   not   too   loud ,   and   not   as   heavy   as   people   seem   to   say   in   other   reviews .   very   efficient   and   does   a   great   job .
dryer   i   really   like   this   dry .   i   works   wonderfully ,   but   sometime   i   tend   to   change   the   settings   unintentionally   due   to   the   location   of   the   switches .   it   s   a   great   dryer   other   than   that .
what   can   i   say   more   power ,   more   better !   my   hair   is   very   thick   and   coarse   and   used   to   take   forever   to   dry .   i   inquired   to   my   hairdresser   about   higher   wattage   dryers   and   you   would   think   i   asked   her   how   to   find   the   holy   grail !   well ,   wonder   no   more   you   can   get   a   honking ,   high   wattage   blow   dryer   right   here   on   amazon .   it   s   a   little   pricey ,   but   isn   t   your   time   worth   something  
fast   drying !   this   dryer   cut   my   drying   time   down   from   15   minutes   to   under   3   minutes !   i   have   medium   length   hair   great   price ,   love   it !
best   hair   dryer   ever   i   had   to   replace   my   8   year   old   turbo   power   and   didn   t   even   consider   purchasing   a   different   brand .   it   dries   and   straightens   my   very   curly   hairy   in   no   time   with   salon   quality .
good   quality   hair   dryer .   it   is   in   use   every   day .   there   are   currently   few   quality   hair   dryers   in   existence   this   is   definitely   one   of   them .
great   dryer   i   use   this   to   straighten   my   hair .   i   love   that   it   is   portable ,   and   i   can   pretty   much   sit   anywhere   to   dry   my   hair ,   which   takes   about   an   hour   to   do .   it   will   overheat   if   you   do   not   make   sure   the   air   vent   is   not   blocked   by   anything .   i   have   had   this   for   years   and   use   it   weekly .   i   definitely   will   buy   it   again   if   i   it   ever   breaks .
happy   hair   we   had   been   using   a   windmere   hair   dryer ,   which   my   husband   owned   prior   to   our   marriage   twelve   years   ago ,   that   finally   bit   the   dust .   my   husband   was   looking   for   a   hair   dryer   with   side   vents   vs   the   rear   vent .   we   purchased   this   sporty ,   red   model   and ,   so   far ,   have   been   pleased   with   its   performance .   features   a   low   high   speed   cool   setting   which   is   slightly   warm ,   and   a   low   high   speed   high   heat   setting   which   i   have   rarely   used   the   cool   setting   is   enough   for   us .   the   only   improvement   we   would   suggest   is   in   the   way   the   switches   are   set   up .   dries   my   medium   length   hair   quickly .   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   others .
perfect   in   every   way   does   exactly   what   i   need   to   do .   perfect !   it   has   a   nice   texture   and   nice   shape .   not   too   heavy   or   too   light .
so   happy   with   this   blow   dryer   came   with   great   attachments !   love   the   long   cord   that   doesn   t   get   tangled   i   have   long   thick   hair   which   usually   takes   forever   to   dry .   but   with   this   blow   dryer   takes   me   only   10   mins   !
small   but   mighty   my   wife   loves   this   dryer .   it   is   very   reliable   and   has   a   lot   of   heating   for   such   a   small   size .   fits   in   your   suitcase   and   does   not   take   up   a   lot   of   room   like   the   professional   dryers .
get   the   1600   watt   one   instead   i   have   both   this   model   and   the   1600   watt   hair   dryer .   they   are   the   same   size   but   the   difference   is   very   noticeable .   go   with   the   1600   one .
not   the   best   quality !   the   external   head   of   hair   dryer   consistently   comes   out   and   does   not   stick   in   the   place .   the   heat   and   cold   are   good ,   but   overall   it   s   not   made   from   the   best   quality   materials .   i   wont   recommend   it   to   any   one
compact   dryer   so   nice   to   have   it   hanging   on   the   wall   ready   to   use ....   only   drawback ,   the   green   night   light   is   very   bright   so   we   don   t   leave   it   plugged   in
thick   hair ,   no   worries .   love   this   dryer ,   works   so   great   and   fast   too .   bought   it   for   my   mom   as   a   gift   and   she   absolutely   loves   it !   she   has   very   thick   hair   and   hair   dryer   worked   great   for   her .
love   it ! !   i   have   searched   high   and   low   for   the   perfect   hair   dryer   and   i   am   so   happy   to   say   that   i   have   finally   found   it .   having   crazy   curly   hair   i   am   no   stranger   to   losing   the   battle   against   frizz   when   trying   to   straighten   my   hair .   i   was   amazed   at   how   fast   i   could   blow   dry   my   hair   and   i   barely   had   to   use   any   product   to   tame   my   lions   mane .   not   only   that ,   but   i   barely   had   to   use   my   straightener   to   finish   the   job !   it   s   an   amazing   styling   tool ,   and   if   i   had   to   buy   one   again   i   wouldn   t   hesitate   buying   another   onei   mk   ii   air   ionique .   and   to   boot   it   s   a   fabulous   christmas   present ! !
worthless   paperweight   after   less   than   6   months .   i   purchased   this   dryer   less   than   6   months   ago   and   it   s   already   stopped   working .   i   always   plug   my   appliances   into   a   surge   protector   and   even   so ,   this   dryer   s   test   reset   buttons   just   stopped   deploying .   they   won   t   stay   pressed   down   and   so   the   dryer   won   t   turn   on .   i   m   staying   away   from   conair   hair   products ,   because   of   this .   very   disappointed   in   a   product   that   won   t   last   longer   than   this   especially   considering   how   careful   i   was   with   it .
perfect   for   my   gym   bag   this   does   the   job   for   my   gym   bag .   it   has   the   basic ,   low ,   high   and   cool   shot   settings   and   best   of   all ,   it   folds   and   is   compact   for   travel .
curls   or   thick   hair   don   t   buy   .   revlon   rv474   1875w   frizz   control   hair   dryer   br   my   grandma   purchased   this   dryer   for   me   about   a   year   ago   .   br   br   i   currently   have   a   very   expensive   one   given   to   me   by   my   mom   ,   but   it   was   hers   and   it   s   very   old   .   so   i   thought   it   would   be   great   .   wrong   .   it   doesn   t   blow   hardly   at   all   even   on   the   high   .   br   the   cool   setting   is   great   ,   but   other   than   that   it   s   horrible   .   and   i   have   thick   ,   kinky   curls   ,   so   this   dryer   didn   t   help   if   i   needed   it   dried   quickly   to   straighten   or   dried   just   to   wear   my   curls   .   it   burned   my   hair   and   did   not   reduce   frizz   .   br   for   my   little   sister   ,   it   s   fine   .   she   has   thick   straight   hair   ,   but   it   gets   the   job   done   ...   in   about   two   hours   !
great   seller ,   super   fast   shipping ,   highly   recommend .   i   love   the   power   of   this   blowdryer ,   it   is   the   only   one   that   works   for   me ,   i   have   tried   others   and   there   is   a   big   difference ,   i   am   glad   that   i   was   able   to   find   this   one ,   they   are   not   easy   to   find .   thank   you   for   having   it !
poorly   constructed   item   i   thought   i   had   found   the   exact   item   i   needed   to   fix   my   87   year   old   mother   in   law   s   hair   at   home   since   she   can   t   get   out   to   go   to   the   salon .   well ...... there   is   a   major   flaw   with   this   hair   dryer .   the   hose   will   not   stay   connected   to   the   bonnet .   if   she   holds   her   head   perfectly   still ,   we   can   get   through   the   drying   but   that   just   isn   t   possible   for   someone   who   has   to   change   positions   once   in   a   while .   i   would   not   purchase   this   item   again .   wish   i   had   the   paperwork   where   i   could   return   it .
not   worth   the   price   i   like   the   nozzle   attachment ,   but   it   can   fall   off   easily   which   can   get   annoying .   it   has   2   levels   of   heat   settings   and   2   levels   of   cool   blow   dry   settings   so   that   is   good ,   and   it   is   not   heavy .   but   i   recently   used   a   friend   s   conair   infinity   hairdryer   and   i   actually   liked   that   much   better ,   it   dried   my   hair   in   less   time   and   it   was   less   frizzy ....
rv   ers   perfect   for   use   in   our   motor   home ,   hooked   on   the   wall   next   to   the   sink ,   don   t   have   to   dig   for   it   under   the   sink .
happy   wife   happy   life !   happy   happy   happy .   great   air   dryer   as   per   my   wife   .   this   thing   can   blow   some   air .   great   product   and   feels   good .
andis   ceramic   hair   dryer   this   item   is   very   great   for   its   price .   i   would   recommend   others   to   buy   it   if   they   re   looking   for   a   hair   dryer   for   less   money .   it   also   came   in   time ,   maybe   in   5   days .   normally ,   3   5   days   delivery   is   great   for   me .
works   well .   this   dryer   works   well   with   a   round   brush .   i   almost   don   t   need   to   straighten   it .   it   takes   and   extra   few   minutes   but   saves   flat   iron   time .   br   it   s   not   too   heavy   but   it   feels   well   put   together .
great   price   for   a   great   hairdryer   i   am   a   60   something   female   and   as   you   can   imagine   have   owned   my   share   of   hairdryers   over   the   years   but   i   have   to   tell   you   that   this   is   the   best   and   a   real   bargain   at   the   price !   i   am   ordering   more   for   gifts .   it   is   very   lightweight   and   the   fastest   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .   my   only   regret   is   that   i   did   not   find   this   one   years   ago .   you   will   not   be   disappointed   with   this   one .
good   product   could   be   better   it   was   easy   to   mount   and   it   works   well .   it   needs   a   34   cool   only   34   setting   to   make   it   five   stars
it   is   quiet ,   but   not   light   weight .   i   think   this   hair   dryer   dries   well   and   the   motor   is   relatively   quiet .   br   br   i   always   use   this   hair   dryer   with   the   diffuser   on .   i   find   that   it   is   not   particularly   ergonomic   or   light   weight .   sometimes   while   holding   the   dryer ,   i   accidentally   change   the   heat   setting .   perhaps   i   just   need   to   use   it   a   little   longer   to   get   used   to   it   my   previous   hair   dryer   was   smaller   and   didn   t   have   a   diffuser   attachment   .
perfect   for   occasional   use   handy   powerful   little   blower   that   i   keep   around   strictly   for   any   guests   that   might   be   staying   the   night .   perfect   that   it   folds   as   it   maybe   gets   used   once   a   month .   no   problem   with   the   retractable   cord   yet   but   i   could   see   that   easily   getting   jammed   at   some   point
staple   hair   dryer   not   a   lot   of   power   but   perfect   in   every   other   way .   attachments   are   excellent ,   and   the   cord   is   right   length .
a   quiet ,   small ,   life   weight   that   does   the   job   i   ve   been   using   this   dryer   3   4   times   a   week   for   about   3   months   now .   the   infiniti   is   quieter ,   smaller   about   6   34   high   and   5   34   long   and   lighter   in   weight   than   my   old   dryer ,   all   reasons   why   i   picked   the   infiniti .   this   dryer   is   so   light   weight   that   it   feels   cheap ,   but   so   far   seems   to   be   working   like   a   champ .   br   this   is   my   first   tourmaline   ceramic   dryer ,   and   it   does   seem   to   leave   my   hair   smoother ,   but   not   enough   that   i   d   be   willing   to   toss   my   flat   iron .   i   have   thinner   hair ,   about   mid   length   between   chin   and   shoulder ,   and   i   am   able   to   dry   it   pretty   quickly   with   the   infiniti .   br   i   m   a   satisfied   customer  
thank   you   i   am   so   impressed   with   this   hair   dryer   it   s   straightened   my   hair   and   i   don   t   have   to   do   too   much   to   it   it   has   the   speed   and   the   heat   that   is   needed   to   have   a   glossy   shiny   look   for   my   hair   i   am   a   cancer   patient   and   this   is   new   hair   so   it   makes   it   look   very   sexy   and   i   really   like   the   product .
excellent   variety   of   settings   and   uses .   i   wanted   a   blow   dryer   with   a   lot   of   power ,   but   without   a   lot   of   noise .   this   styler   delivers   on   both   counts .   there   are   two   heat   settings   the   warm   setting   is   not   much   higher   than   room   temperature ,   and   the   hot   setting   is   very   warm .   there   are   also   two   power   settings   low   is   just   enough   to   dry   without   tangling ,   and   high   is   perfect   for   pulling   hair   straight   on   a   round   brush .   the   styler   is   not   overly   loud ,   and   more   importantly ,   it   is   without   that   annoying   whine   you   get   with   some   blow   dryers .   i   have   no   idea   if   the   34   ionic   34   part   of   it   has   any   merit ,   as   i   haven   t   noticed   that   it   dries   my   hair   any   faster   or   with   less   damage .   i   have   lots   and   lots   of   fine   textured ,   moderately   curly   hair ,   and   this   styler   does   a   great   job .
perfect   for   vanity   top   usage !   perfect   for   vanity   top   storage !   i   hated   the   previous   mess   of   a   hair   dryer   cord   all   over   my   br   countertop .   only   problem   was ,   the   distal   opening   of   this   hair   dryer   was   bigger   than   my   old   hair   dryer   holder .   so ,   i   got   creative   and   purchased   a   solid   marble   drinking   cup   at   bed ,   bath ,   beyond .   problem   solved !   the   solid   marble   cup   is   heavy   enough   to   hold   down   the   dryer ,   it   fit   perfectly   into   the   interior   of   the   cup ,   and   eliminated   the   counter   top   clutter   of   a   power   cord .
broke   after   6   mon   great   while   it   lasted   broke   after   6   months .   one   day   it   just   stopped   blowing   hot   air .   cold   air   works   fine .   it   was   great   while   it   lasted .
not   great   dont   buy   this   hair   dryer   not   hot   enough   and   the   motor   was   slow .   i   have   fine   hair   and   when   using   this   it   made   my   hair   freezy
nice ! ! !   very   good   hair   dryer .   slightly   heavier   than   a   dc   motor ,   but   we   knew   that   going   in .   works   great   thus   far   and   hopefully   will   last   a   lot   longer   than   other   dryers !
this   was   a   great   product !   looked   for   a   long   time   for   a   hair   dryer   that   has   a   low   medium   and   high   heat   setting   and   a   low   medium   and   high   blower   button .   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   dried   my   hair   fast !
found   a   great   dryer   ...   at   last ! ! !   this   dryer   is   not   as   powerful   as   most   but   that   is   a   good   thing .   leaves   my   hair   soft   and   shiny ,   not   dried   out   or   frizzy .
purchase   a   andis   ceramis   ionic   styler   hair   dryer   it   does   the   job   but   i   find   it   a   little   bit   heavy   to   hold .   for   the   rest   it   is   okay .   br   br   joanne
excellent   dryer   excellent   buy ... this   was   for   my   sister   and   he   is   in   love   with   it .   the   product   arrived   on   time   and   in   perfect   conditions .
excellent   low   cost   dryer !   love   this !   this   hair   dryer   really   packs   a   punch .   i   had   used   this   exact   model   at   a   hotel   in   dallas   and   then   again   in   pensacola   and   i   had   to   buy   it .   i   ve   had   it   for   a   few   months   and   it   does   its   job   and   doesn   t   get   too   hot .   it   blows   a   lot   of   air   and   dries   in   a   very   efficient   time .   i   have   long ,   thick ,   wavy   hair   and   it   usually   takes   me   about   15   minutes   to   dry .   with   this   dryer   i   m   down   to   8   and   mid   way   through   i   switch   to   warm .   br   br   excellent   dryer   for   this   price !
reliability   great   dryer   and   a   great   price .   quiet   and   gets   the   job   done .   i   had   a   conair   that   was   6   years   old   that   i   used   every   day   and   it   finally   bit   the   dust .   with   that   kind   of   reputation   it   was   easy   to   know   what   brand   to   pick .
hair   dryer   this   is   kind   of   bulky   but   as   long   as   your   not   traveling   with   it   it   s   ok ,   not   a   lot   of   velocity   but   it   gets   your   hair   dry   in   a   decent   amount   of   time
great   for   getting   tamed   naturally   curly   hair   works   great   for   curling   my   hair   with   the   diffuser .   other   blow   dryers   make   my   hair   frizzy ,   but   this   one   does   not .
powerful   and   effective !   was   looking   for   something   exactly   like   this !   i   have   thick ,   medium   length   hair   and   this   is   perfect   to   completely   dry   damp ,   towel   dried   hair .   creates   less   frizz   than   a   standard   hair   blow   dryer   and   i   believe   it   is   faster   to   dry   your   hair   with   this .   i   originally   bought   two   different   japanese   model   hair   dryers   and   returned   the   lower   wattage   one   to   keep   this   one !   just   the   right   strength .   it   does   get   hot   so   keep   a   continuous ,   slow   pace   as   you   move   this   throughout   your   hair   and   you   ll   be   just   fine .   highly   recommend !
love   love   love   i   have   had   it   for   about   2   3   months   and   its   just   perfect ! ! !   i   love   the   color   love   the   way   it   works   and   i   am   so   happy   that   it   has   the   different   heat   and   strength   levels !   it   dries   my   hair   so   fast   and   it   stays   flat   most   of   the   times   even   when   it   s   humid   outside !
great   dryer   this   dryer   gets   very   hot ,   very   fast   and   makes   drying   my   hair   take   less   time .   my   hair   felt   softer   as   well .   great   dryer .
not   as   powerful   as   others   led   me   to   believe .   not   as   powerful   as   others   led   me   to   believe .   however ,   it   is   cute   and   very   easy   to   travel   with .   it   will   be   a   staple   in   my   suitcase   from   now   on .
satisfactory   i   bought   this   to   replace   a   very   compact   size   that   burned   out .   i   mistakenly   thought   the   larger   size   would   mean   this   new   one   would   be   more   powerful ,   but   it   was   not .   it   does   seem   to   work   fine   though   and   i   probably   shouldn   t   deduct   a   star   for   my   misgivings ,   but   i   don   t   love   it .
a   hair   dryer ,   nothing   to   write   home   about   it   s   a   hair   dryer ,   not   exactly   a   cure   for   the   common   cold .   br   br   i   like   it .   it   does   dry   my   thick   african   american   hair   very   quickly   and   leaves   a   shine .   i   cannot   give   it   five   stars   because   the   cord   is   too   short   could   be   a   tad   longer   i   constantly   have   to   re   plug   in   the   socket .
heat   settings   don   t   seem   right .   it   s   not   exactly   lightweight ,   but   it   s   also   not   a   compact   dryer .   i   find   the   weight   to   be   average .   however ,   i   find   the   warm   setting   to   be   very   similar   to   cool   when   the   dryer   is   on   high .   on   the   lower   speed ,   it   is   warm .   and ,   hot   is   a   bit   too   hot .
okay   mine   malfunctions .   a   lot   of   times   when   i   turn   it   on   to   low ,   it   comes   on   on   high   and   after   a   few   seconds   switches   to   low .
excellent   product   for   the   price   excellent   product   we   got   as   a   gift .   she   loves   it .   it   was   just   what   she   wanted .   it   works   really   well .
great   blow   dryer ! !   absolutely   love   it !   it   drys   very   well ,   its   super   hoot ,   so   if   you   are   not   use   to   using   heat   protection   products   id   recommend   you   do ,   just   to   avoid   burning   your   ends   its   size   is   perfect   for   travel !   it   fit   so   well   in   a   small   spot ,   and   is   very   durable !   id   recommend ! !
like   my   bird   better   this   dryer   is   clumsy ,   clumsy   attachements ,   i   don   t   like   the   gold   paint ,   it   s   hard   to   hold ,   i   never   use   it .
great   blowdryer ! ! ! !   this   blow   dry   is   awesome ! ! !   it   dries   my   hair   so   quickly !   i   have   used   blowdryers ,   but   this   one   beats   them   by   a   long   shot .   i   like   that   it   is   heavy   duty   and   built   to   last .   looking   forward   to   having   this   for   a   long   time .
my   first   order   from   amazon   was   simple   thanks   to   amazon   the   hair   dryer   which   i   purchased   from   amazon   was   just   what   i   needed .   we   were   able   to   install   it   in   the   same   place   as   the   previous   dryer   both   were   from   sunbeam   or   oster .
handy ,   good ,   but   not   great   this   dryer   worked   well   when   i   got   it ,   but   it   didn   t   last .   i   was   very   disappointed   with   it ,   especially   for   this   price .
great   size   and   powerful .   great   size   and   powerful   air .   the   tools   that   come   with   it   are   very   useful   and   for   me   don   t   have   a   problem   staying   on .
buy   this   yellowbird ,   you   won   t   be   sorry   this   is   a   great ,   great   blow   dryer .   it   straightens   my   hair   better   than   any   other   blow   dryer   i   ve   owned .   i   love   it .
love   this   hair   dryer !   i   love   it .   it   is   neat   and   out   of   the   way   yet   always   available .   the   green   light   is   bright   but   it   makes   a   great   night   light .   it   is   quiet   and   has   great   power .
great   i   took   it   to   costa   rica   with   my ,   easy   to   travel   with ,   great   and   quick   dryer !   it   managed   to   dry   my   hair   in   high   humidity .
i   d   recommend   this !   this   dryer   is   perfect   for   a   first   timer   s   dryer ,   it   does   not   make   your   hair   frizzy   and   the   temperature   i   just   right .   it   works   well   and   the   cord   has   just   about   the   right   length .   its   light   and   easy   to   use   in   small   hands   and   the   additional   fixtures   are   great   for   styling .   you   don   t   want   a   dryer   that   drys   your   hair   completely   some   moisture   must   remain   or   it   will   be   frizzy .
not   so   sure   my   biggest   disappointment   was   when   i   couldn   t   attach   the   end   cap   so   that   i   could   concentrate   more   on   the   strands   of   my   hair .   it   s   like   the   hot   heat   deformed   the   plastic   attachment   to   where   it   wouldn   t   click   to   the   dryer .   it   became   so   frustrating .   but   for   the   diffuser ,   it   remains   to   work   just   fine   only   because   i   hardly   ever   use   it !   i   bought   this   dryer   years   ago   which   is   a   plus ,   but   i   have   had   issues   with   it   burning   some   parts   my   hair .   the   ion   button   switches   off   on   its   own .   i   don   t   regret   buying   it ,   but   it   s   not   as   great   as   i   d   like   it   to   be .   i   gave   it   a   3   stars .
great   hairdryer !   works   great !   our   camper   has   a   small   bathroom .   i   needed   a   hairdryer   that   was   always   up   and   out   of   the   way .   this   one   is   perfect !
piece   of   junk   i   have   owned   quite   a   few   conair   products   but   nevrr   again .   the   cordless   wonder   has   been   a   problem   from   the   beginning   and   worked   every   once   in   a   while .   it   is   less   than   a   year   old .   i   wish   i   had   seen   the   other   reviews   before   i   bought   it   because   i   had   the   same   trouble   with   it .   when   i   called   for   help   i   was   told   to   mail   back   and   then   they   would   send   me   as   new   one .   and   in   the   mean   time   the   guy   had   no   answer .   duh   i   have   buy   another   dryer .   i   have   learned   a   valuable   lesson .   research   products   before   you   buy   them .   i   wonder   if   the   20   something   5   star   people   are   still   happy   with   their   dryers .
solid   hair   dryer   works   fine .   replaced   a   similar   older   model   with   this   one .   it   seems   to   be   a   bit   lighter   than   the   older   one .   good   purchase .
bomb   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   it   barely   lasted   outside   the   warranty   period   spend   the   extra   it   s   worth   it   it
not   powerful ,   not   worth   the   price .   i   was   hoping   for   a   powerful   travel   dryer ,   like   the   rest   of   t3   dryers .   i   had   to   return   it ,   not   powerful   enough   for   me .   you   can   get   much   cheaper   travel   size   dryers   that   will   do   the   same   job .
failed   in   less   than   a   year   echoing   several   other   one   star   reviews ,   mine   failed   after   less   than   a   year   of   light   use .   quite   disappointing   because   the   features   and   function   are   otherwise   great .
my   15   hair   dryer   from   wal   mart   lasted   longer !   this   dryer   was   fantastic   for   the   first   6   months .   stopped   working   after   that !   i   didn   t   realize   there   was   a   warranty   card   at   the   back   of   the   user   information   booklet   so   i   never   sent   it   in .   they   won   t   replace   this   80.00   hair   dryer   now .   very   disappointed ! ! !
it   is   a   very   good   dryer   it   is   a   very   good   dryer ,   my   girlfriend   loved   it !   arrived   safely   in   its   box   with   all   parts !   i   highly   recommend   it !
love   magic .   pure   magic .   attachments   are   hard   to   get   off ,   but   i   don   t   want   them   falling   on   my   feet   when   i   m   drying   my   hair   either .   heat   settings   in   addition   to   fan   speed   adjustment   are   awesome .   cute   color   and   feels   great   in   my   hand .   dries   my   thick   mane   super   quickly !
worked   perfectly   in   ireland !   i   bought   this   dryer   because   i   was   taking   a   trip   to   ireland ,   and   needed   a   hair   dryer   that   could   switch   voltage .   before   we   left   the   us ,   i   changed   the   switch   to   be   compatible   with   uk   power ,   followed   the   instructions   and   kept   it   on   the   low   setting   which   is   just   as   powerful   as   the   high   setting   on   us   voltage   ,   plugged   it   into   the   plug   adapter   you   need   this   to   be   able   to   plug   any   us   appliances   into   wall   outlets   in   most   other   countries   ,   plugged   that   into   the   wall   outlet ,   and   it   worked   perfectly !   i   was   originally   going   to   use   this   dryer   only   when   travelling ,   but   it   works   so   well   that   i   use   it   every   day   now !   love   it !
great !   great   hair   dryer .   and   the   price   was   great   too .   it   s   sturdy .   it   is   a   little   hard   to   get   used   to   with   the   controls   being   on   the   inside   of   the   handle ,   but   once   you   do   it   s   super .   i   use   it   on   my   dog   after   his   shampoo   and   he   likes   it   too .   .   would   recommend .
very   nice !   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   a   year   now   and   i   love   how   quickly   it   dries   my   hair .   it   also   gives   my   fine   hair   more   volume .   when   i   travel   and   use   a   hotel   hair   dryer ,   i   can   really   tell   the   difference   and   miss   my   hair   dryer !   it   has   a   5   foot   cord   and   several   drying   options .   my   only   minor   negative   is   where   the   buttons   are   located ,   i   sometimes   hit   them   when   i   grab   the   hair   dryer .
good   buy   this   is   a   great   dryer   the   handle   folds   down   for   easy   compact   storage .   i   also   like   how   it   is   dual   voltage ,   but   i   m   not   sure   if   the   1875   will   withstand   the   wattage   overseas .
a   possible   keeper   have   not   use   this   product   as   of   to   date   but   the   delivery   was   on   time   and   the   packaging   is   just   as   pictured ,   no   visual   defects   or   scratches .
best   dryer   for   the   price .   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   3   years   and   it   s   still   going   strong .   i   love   the   34   satin   34   feel   of   the   dryer ,   the   3   settings   plus   the   34   cool   jet   34   button   ,   and   the   diffuser   and   concentrator   are   perfect .   this   dryer   has   been   through   the   ringer   from   airports   to   duffle   bags   to   being   dropped ,   etc   and   it   still   works   like   the   day   i   bought   it .   super   easy   to   clean   out   the   dust   in   the   filter   too ,   the   back   just   screws   off .   would   buy   again .
don   t   know   how   but   it   really   does   dry   hair   much   faster .   worth   the   .   omg   i   love   this   dryer .   i   have   thick   short   hair   and   asked   my   stylist   what   dryer   to   get   next .   i   had   a   cheap   drugstore   one   that   had   lasted   years   but   was   on   its   last   legs .   i   have   really   hesitated   to   spend   a   ton   of   money   on   a   dryer   but   went   ahead   and   bought   this   since   my   birthday   was   coming   up .   i   read   the   reviews   before   completing   the   transaction   and   thought   the   people   who   said   it   dries   their   hair   faster   must   be   crazy .   how   would   one   dryer   dry   hair   significantly   faster   than   another   br   br   the   answer   is   i   don   t   know ,   but   it   does .   it   absolutely   does .   i   am   a   convert !   i   love   this   dryer .   i   love   how   small   it   is .   i   packed   it   on   a   trip   recently   and   didn   t   have   to   stress   about   how   much   room   it   took   up   in   my   suitcase .   it   is   so   compact   and   powerful .   i   just   adore   it .   br   br   i   m   not   great   at   reviewing   products   i   feel   strongly   about   so   the   fact   that   i   m   even   writing   this   should   tell   you   something .   this   dryer   really   is   different   than   other   dryers   out   there   and   the   higher   price   is   worth   every   penny .   when   you   can   shave   time   off   of   your   morning   routine   every   single   day ,   imagine   how   much   of   your   life   you   get   back   now ,   is   that   worth   extra   money   i   am   a   wash   and   go   girl   with   little   to   no   interest   in   makeup ,   fashion ,   etc .   i   am   a   mom   of   three   and   own   a   small   quilting   business .   but   i   wash   my   hair   every   day   and   have   to   dry   it   to   tame   it .   that   process   has   gone   from   fast   to   lightening   fast   thanks   to   this   sedu .
dryer   is   ok   dryer   is   good   but   after   only   having   it   a   short   time   the   retractable   cord   does   not   work   like   it   should   it   only   retracts   half   way .
very   good   great   amount   of   air   flow .   could   be   a   little   hotter   though .   overall ,   not   a   bad   hair   dryer .   very   light   and   easy   to   handle .
always   wanted   one   i   ve   wanted   one   of   these   things   forever   since   i   first   saw   one   in   a   hotel .   every   time   i   went   to   a   hotel ,   i   wrote   down   the   brand   with   the   intention   of   ordering   one .   finally   my   old   blow   dryer   went   kaput ,   so   i   had   an   excuse   to   purchase   this   one .   br   br   first   of   all ,   i   don   t   know   why   the   photo   shows   it   somewhat   pearly   looking   it   s   plain   old   white .   second ,   it   was   a   bit   larger   than   i   expected   and   so   it   wouldn   t   fit   in   the   spot   i   had   chosen   for   it .   i   ended   up   having   to   mount   it   above   a   towel   bar   since   if   it   was   below   it   would   either   be   in   the   way   of   the   light   switches   or   it   would   have   to   under   the   hand   towels   and   make   an   odd   bulge .   so   i   put   it   in   myself   didn   t   use   the   anchors   as   i   think   it   will   stay   in   place   without .   i   hung   a   little   picture   next   to   it   so   it   wouldn   t   look   so   out   of   place   above   the   towel   bar   by   itself .   br   br   it   works   just   as   expected   and   i   love   having   it   ready   to   go   whenever   i   am .   one   advantage   i   discovered   with   mounting   it   higher   is   that   it   s   never   going   to   get   caught   on   knobs   or   anything   else   a   frequent   frustration   when   i   m   tired   in   the   morning .   we   had   our   first   really   cold   day   here   in   the   south   and   i   found   it   s   also   handy   for   warming   yourself   up   quickly   when   coming   out   of   the   shower   i   ve   suggested   it   to   my   husband   for   that   purpose   he   s   bald   and   otherwise   wouldn   t   need   it   .   br   br   i   ll   update   my   review   if   i   ever   have   problems   with   it ,   but   so   far   it   s   great   just   have   to   get   used   to   seeing   it   there   on   the   wall .
not   quite   happy   i   have   had   many   other   twin   turbo   dryers .   i   feel   this   one   was   not   even   close   to   the   same   as   the   drying   power ,   and   it   is   too   small   ,   and   doesnt   fit   right   in   my   hand . the   heat   is   no   where   near   as   hot   as   it   used   to   be .   the   only   reason   that   i   didnt   return   it   was   because   of   my   own   laziness .   i   will   keep   it   as   a   second   dryer ,   i   will   continue   to   search   for   something   as   good   as   the   old   twin   turbo .
not   the   best ,   but   it   is   okay .   it   s   okay ,   but   not   the   best .   i   was   looking   to   spend   less   than   20   on   it ,   for   the   money ,   it   s   okay ,   but   it   is   not   the   best .
terrible   value .   terrible   product .   cheaply   made ,   loud   and   doesn   t   have   much   power .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   this   to   anyone .   save   your   money   and   buy   the   onel   mk   ii ..
didn   t   work   for   me   giving   it   one   star   because   i   haven   t   even   been   able   to   use   it ... it   blew   both   fuses   on   my   universal   adapter .
ceramic   hair   dryer   does   wonders   for   volume .   this   is   my   absolute   favorite   hair   dryer   ever .   it   dries   my   hair   very   fast   since   it   s   ceramic .   i   love   the   styling   options   and   my   hair   gets   a   lot   of   volume .
wall   mounted   hair   dryer   easy   wall   mount .   plenty   of   power   with   two   settings .   easy   clean   filter .   the   cord   is   a   little   short   so   distance   from   out   let   to   mirror   is   a   consideration .   overall ,   i   would   purchase   again .
better   than   my   salon   quality   dryers   i   thought   i   was   just   buying   a   cheep   retractable   cord   dryer .... it   works   better   than   all   of   my   salon   quality   dryers !   so   happy .
died   after   18   months   but   best   concentrator   attachment .   update   i   know   this   dryer   was   only   20   but   it   died   after   1.5   years .   this   is   the   first   dryer   to   ever   stop   working   for   me ,   which   isn   t   the   best   morning   surprise .   the   rest   of   my   review   stands .   the   concentrator   never   fell   off .   br   br   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   the   concentrator   on   my   old   hair   dryer   always   fell   off .   one   day   it   started   taking   my   hair   with   it .   i   bought   the   conair   turbo   styler   because   the   concentrator   looked   like   it   would   never   fall   off .   i   ve   had   this   for   a   few   months   now ,   and   it   definitely   stays   put .   br   br   the   heat   is   on   the   lower   end ,   i   have   fine   hair   so   that   works   for   me .   i   wouldn   t   advise   this   dryer   for   somebody   with   very   thick   hair .
powerful   dryer   i   bought   this   to   replace   an   andis   hang   up   turbo   full   sized   that   lasted   for   7   years .   i   was   very   happy   with   the   andis ,   but   i   bought   the   oster   due   to   it   being   off   white   instead   of   white   which   looks   a   little   more   high   end .   i   also   got   the   oster   because   it   had   smaller   footprint   because   i   installed   a   new   medicine   cabinet   and   i   needed   a   wall   mount   dryer   that   would   fit   in   a   smaller   space .   so   far ,   i   noticed   that   it   has   pretty   good   blowing   power ,   but   it   doesn   t   run   as   hot   as   the   andis   did ,   which   may   be   better   for   my   hair   so   it   won   t   get   too   hot .   br   br   the   only   issue   with   having   a   compact   hair   dryer   vs .   my   previous   full   sized   hair   dryer   is   that   the   back   fan   is   closer   to   my   head .   because   of   this ,   when   i   held   the   dryer   too   close   to   my   hair   which   is   long   and   some   hair   got   sucked   into   the   fan   in   the   back .   i   had   to   stop   the   dryer   and   untangle   my   hair   from   the   fan .   this   is   no   fault   of   oster ,   i   just   have   to   get   used   to   a   shorter   length   of   hair   dryer !   just   letting   others   know   what   to   expect .   so   far   i   am   pleased   with   the   oster .   br   br   eta   it   is   july   2014 ,   and   it   hasn   t   even   been   a   year   that   i   ve   owned   this   dryer   and   my   oster   has   already   died !   i   m   going   to   request   a   replacement .
buy   this   blowdryer !   i   m   a   hairdresser ,   so   i   can   sometimes   go   through   blowdryers   easily .   however ,   this   one   has   lasted   over   a   year !   i   ve   bought   twinturbo   dryers   before ,   but   this   model   is   compact   enough   that   i   can   transport   it   from   work   to   home   easily ,   but   the   quality   is   not   sacrificed .   i   love   the   black   matte   plastic ,   too .   it   makes   any   scratches   or   dings   practically   invisible .
zero   coil   left   in   cord   after   2   years   it   functions   well   as   a   hair   dryer ,   exactly   the   same   as   one   you   would   find   in   a   hotel .   however ,   the   cord   used   to   be   super   elastic   and   it   s   not   like   i   m   trying   to   drag   it   across   the   bathroom   from   wall   to   wall   .   it   s   been   almost   2   years   since   i   purchased   this   and   there   is   zero   coil   left   in   the   cord .   it   s   like   an   extension   cord   is   now   hanging   from   my   wall .   this   shouldn   t   have   happened   so   soon   in   my   opinion .
good   for   the   price   purchased   along   with   argan   oil .   i   love   how   well   it   straightened   my   hair .   my   hair   feels   longer   and   sleeker .   i   m   sorry   i   did   not   purchase   this   sooner .
i   want   another   one !   i   have   been   using   the   blo   go   for   nearly   two   years   and   love   it .   i   have   been   looking   for   a   second   one   that   also   can   suction   to   a   wall   or   mirror   and   am   disappointed   this   is   unavailable   at   this   time .   it   s   been   like   that   for   awhile .   please   start   selling   these   again   or   tell   me   where   i   can   get   one .   thanks !
better   than   the   rest   i   love   this   hair   dryer   it   work   really   well .   heat   is   evenly   distributed   throughout   the   blower .   easy   to   use .   i   never   have   issues   using   this   dryer .
ok   for   what   it   is ,   could   have   had   better   heat   settings .   ok   hair   drying   but   the   heat   setting   don   t   quite   work   perfectly .   the   hot   setting   on   high   air   setting   messes   up   my   curls   a   little ,   but   the   hot   setting   on   low   air   doesn   t   get   hot   enough .   other   than   that   it   is   great   for   travel   and   unlike   a   lot   of   the   reviews   about   the   cord   retraction   problem   i   didn   t   find   that   a   problem ,   you   just   need   to   pull   it   out   all   the   way   and   hold   the   button   steady   for   it   to   gain   momentum .   sometimes   i   have   to   help   it   with   the   last   inch   or   two .   but   definitely   it   s   not   a   big   issue .   what   more   can   you   expect   from   a   tiny   motor   of   this   size .   i   would   rather   have   this   than   a   good   motor   that   would   also   make   the   hair   dryer   heavier .   br   i   am   happy   with   what   i   have   got   for   this   price ,   i   still   think   as   far   as   travel   dryers   go   this   the   best   one   i   have   seen   so   far .
time   will   tell   of   the   true   quality   i   have   enjoyed   this   hair   dryer   overall .   i   previously   had   a   conair   and   in   comparison   i   think   this   one   is   of   higher   quality .   it   is   heavier   than   my   previous   one ,   but   i   think   this   is   due   to   the   quality   of   the   motor   which   i   am   hoping   does   in   fact   help   this   hair   dryer   to   last   longer   than   most .   it   does   feel   slightly   awkward   due   to   the   weight   and   length   of   the   barrel ,   but   nothing   that   i   found   as   a   hindrance .   i   noticed   that   several   other   reviewers   had   trouble   with   getting   their   hair   stuck   in   the   rear   vent ,   i   have   long   hair   and   have   yet   to   have   this   problem ,   but   i   do   agree   that   a   cap   of   some   sort   would   be   nice   to   prevent   this .   br   br   the   hair   dryer   includes   three   different   heat   settings   i   found   one   to   be   quite   hot ,   one   warm ,   and   one   cool .   it   also   included   two   speeds .   i   have   found   that   the   fastest   speed   is   best   used   with   attachments   otherwise   my   long   hair   would   get   quite   tangled .   as   far   as   time ,   it   seems   slightly   faster ,   though   not   as   noticeable   as   i   thought   it   might .   br   br   my   hair   does   feel   quite   smooth   and   seems   to   be   less   heat   damaged   from   my   drying ,   though   i   think   time   will   tell   if   this   hair   dryer   is   truly   salon   quality .
love   this   hair   dryer !   i   hotwired   this   to   the   wall   in   guest   bathroom .   i   am   happy   and   they   are   too .   it   has   two   settings   and   looks   nice   on   the   wall   just   as   a   hotel   set   up .   thanks   for   a   great   hair   dryer !
great   hair   dryer ! !   great   hair   dryer .   perfect   power   and   the   tools   that   it   came   with   are   great   for   styling   your   hair .   the   best   part   of   this   product   is   that   the   cord   is   retractable .   perfect   for   staying   organized !
good   heater   and   dryer   i   bought   two   of   these   and   they   work   well .   one   that   i   had   for   two   years   now   has   one   broken   switch ,   but   is   still   useful .   i   use   these   for   heating   and   drying   a   wide   variety   of   things .
asparagus   pee   blow   dryer !   for   the   longest   time   i   was   trying   to   figure   out   what   the   bad   smell   was   in   my   bathroom .   turns   out   it   s   the   plastic   piece   that   covers   where   the   cord   meets   the   dryer .   it   smells   a   little   like   asparagus   pee !   totally   confusing   and   i   kept   cleaning   until   i   figured   it   out .   it   s   been   weeks   now   and   while   the   smell   is   getting   better ,   i   still   smell   it .   if   you   have   a   good   sniffer ,   like   i   do ,   you   probably   want   to   avoid   this   product .
great   dryer   for   thick   hair   i   searched   all   over   town   for   a   hair   dryer   like   this   one   before   checking   amazon .   i   had   one   of   those   universal   combs   and   none   of   dryers   would   fit   it   and   it   is   so   hard   to   find   dryers   with   comb   attachments   that   won   t   break   in   my   thick   hair .   this   dryer   not   only   fits   the   universal   comb ,   but   it   comes   with   its   own   comb   which   works   just   as   well .   it   gets   pretty   hot ,   so   it   doesn   t   take   that   long   to   dry   my   hair .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   dryer .
disappointed   in   the   diffuser   the   diffuser   is   very   small   and   the   hair   blows   all   over   .   the   dryer   itself   works   fine   i   am   a   hairdresser   and   usually   don   t   see   a   travel   size   diffuser   except   for   the   socks   which   i   do   not   like   so   i   was   disappointed   when   this   did   not   work   well   at   all   too   much   airflow   through   the   diffuser .
disappointed   with   effectiveness .   thought   it   would   be   amazing   for   the   price .   too   large   for   travel .   hard   to   use .   i   have   a   20   hair   drier   that   works   better .   don   t   get   why   it   is   so   expensive .   it   does   not   have   a   cool   button
hot   tools   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   dries   very   fast   and   accurately .   i   love   the   3   heat   settings   and   3   drying   levels .   great   product !
plain   old   hair   dryer   i   purchased   the   1875   shine   styler   hair   dryer   because   my   17   year   old   conair   1600   started   to   throw   blue   sparks   when   i   changed   the   settings .   i   really   like   the   controls   on   the   1875   because   they   are   comfortable   while   gripping   the   hair   dryer   and   they   are   easy   to   use .   i   held   a   lot   of   hair   dryers   in   stores   and   found   this   one   to   be   light   weight   and   comfortable   to   hold .   the   price   was   right   too .   19.99 .   i   m   a   guy   who   just   needs   a   hair   dyer   to   dry   my   hair   every   once   in   a   while .   my   hair   is   only   a   few   inches   long .   the   1875   watt   thermal   shine   styler   does   the   job .
problems   with   the   last   2   we   bought   bought   the   first   one   at   an   rv   store   and   it   lasted   for   several   years   of   daily   use .   when   it   finally   wore   out ,   bought   another   one   same   model   .   after   about   6   months   of   use ,   the   wires   in   the   handle   had   been   pinched   and   shorted   out   and   damaged   the   unit .   bought   another   one .   my   wife   has   been   using   it   for   the   last   several   months   and   this   morning   there   was   a   pop   and   the   low   speed   quit .   i   gave   it   2   stars   instead   of   1   star   because   is   a   really   nice   unit   that   we   have   liked ,   but   wondering   now   about   the   quality   control   on   recently   produced   units .
works   well   great   dryer .   button   placement   could   be   better .   i   seem   to   accidentally   turn   the   heat   down .   it   works   really   well   though !
lasted   only   15   months   to   the   day   i   expect   to   get   more   than   15   months   out   of   a   hairdryer ,   especially   since   i   travelled   for   work   about   30   of   the   time   and   didn   t   bring   this   hairdryer   with   me .   this   hairdryer   replaced   the   blackbird ,   which   lasted   over   3   years .   i   liked   that   this   dryer   was   powerful   and   hot .   it   dried   my   hair   quickly ,   and   i   had   no   problems   blowing   my   very   wavy   hair   out   straight .   i   d   love   to   get   another   one ,   but   am   trying   a   babyliss   this   time   in   the   hopes   that   it   will   last   longer .
had   it   less   than   1   year   and   it   doesn   t   work   sometimes   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   this   is   one   of   those   cases .   there   s   no   lint   on   the   back   that   would   cause   it   to   overheat   or   anything .   one   day   it   just   started   switching   to   a   warm   cool   setting   even   though   it   was   set   to   hot .   as   time   went   on ,   it   just   doesn   t   even   get   hot   anymore   at   all ,   warm   at   best .   i   had   this   less   than   1   year   and   always   kept   the   back   cleared   of   lint   so   this   is   just   a   junk   product .   i   gave   it   2   stars   instead   of   1   because   it   does   come   with   attachments   that   similarly   priced   dryers   don   t   usually   come   with ,   and   there   s   a   removable   cover   thing   on   the   lint   trap   in   the   back   that   makes   it   way   easier   to   clean ,   you   can   remove   it   and   wash   it   off   in   the   sink   in   2   seconds .   but   it   doesn   t   work   long   so   don   t   expect   much .
strong   wind   but   poor   quality   the   wind   is   strong   when   it   works   fine .   however ,   it   does   not   work   today .   i   only   bought   it   for   9   months .   i   know   cheap   stuffs   do   not   last   long .   but   my   expectation   is   at   least   one   year .   i   would   rather   choose   a   more   expensive   but   better   quality   one   next   time .
gets   too   hot   fast   i   like   this   hair   dryer ,   but   it   gets   way   too   hot .   i   can   only   let   it   run   for   about   30   seconds   before   i   need   to   push   the   cool   air   button .   i   also   wish   it   had   a   separate   switch   for   the   heat   setting .   like   warm ,   hot ,   cold .
great   dryer ,   great   price   nice   hot   blow   drye ,   lots   of   power .   it   is   a   little   heavy   so   be   prepared   for   that   weight   to   start   hitting   you   at   the   end   of   the   day   in   your   rotator   cuff   but   i   can   breeze   through   any   blowdry   with   ease .   love   it .
great   price   best   blow   dryer   i   ve   had   yet !   the   diffusser   stays   attached   securely   and   it   s   not   that   loud .   i   love   that   it   has   different   controls   for   the   temperature   and   speed .
overall   good   hair   dryer   this   is   a   good   hairdryer   and   i   have   no   complaints   with   how   it   dries   my   hair .   i   am   a   little   surprised   by   the   reviewers   that   have   said   this   is   a   light   weight   hair   dryer .   i   find   this   hair   dryer   to   be   a   good   bit   heavier   than   my   previous   conair   hair   dryer   that   i   had   to   replace .   the   controls   are   easy   to   operate   and   it   is   even   easy   to   change   settings   while   drying   my   hair .   i   love   the   color .   it   is   a   pretty   vibrant   purple .   overall   i   am   happy   with   my   purchase   but   i   do   wish   it   was   a   little   lighter   in   weight .
another   5   star   rating !   another   5   star   rating   for   this   hair   dryer !   i   have   really   thick   hair   with   some   natural   wave   that   usually   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   this   dryer   gets   it   dry   in   about   half   the   time   of   other   dryers   i   ve   used ,   and   dries   it   straighter .   i   don   t   have   to   use   the   flat   iron   nearly   as   much   to   tame   the   poof .   good   buy !
wife   approved   wife   s   favorite   color   is   purple ,   so   this   was   a   must   have   for   her .   the   dryer   works   really   good   and   looks   good   also .
great   product   great   product .   br   powerful   and   dry   hear   fast .   a   bit   heavy   though   but   once   you   get   used   to   it ,   it   is   doing   its   job   perfectly
very   easy   to   use   easy   to   use   and   right   at   your   fingertips   ilovesanta   that   s   tuts   tote   wall   and   shuts   off   when   returned   to   base .
sturdy   dryer ,   annoying   buttons .   my   wife   purchased   this   hair   dryer   after   reading   so   many   positive   reviews .   it   s   still   going   strong   a   year   later ,   but   she   complains   her   fingers   get   in   the   way   of   the   buttons   on   the   handle ,   turning   the   hair   dryer   off   while   she   is   trying   to   dry   her   hair .
nice   hair   dryer   i   had   just   used   it   once   last   night   but   i   know   it   just   what   i   want .   strongly   recommend .   it   s   better   than   what   i   had   expected .
prefer   lighter   hari   dyers   it   is   too   heavy   for   me .   i   gave   it   to   my   neice   and   ordered   a   t3   featherweight   because   it   is   lighter
great   blowdryer   my   ginga   loves   this   hair   dryer   and   won   t   use   anything   else   she   has   long   red   hair   that   took   a   while   to   dry   with   other   hairdryers .   not   this   one   though ,   we   just   recently   got   into   an   argument   over   the   amount   of   crap   she   packs   and   the   hairdryer   is   one   of   them .   happy   wife   is   a   happy   life   though   and   i   have   to   admit   it   does   cut   down   on   the   amount   of   time   it   takes   to   get   ready ! ! !
hot   tools   is   the   best   brand   out   there !   an   excellent   product .   sets   up   in   seconds ,   easy   to   sit   under ,   temp   control   is   perfect .   i   love   hot   tools ,   the   best   made   brand !
standard   works   well ,   but   what   i   needed   was   a   really   long   cord .   this   hair   dryer   has   the   standard   length   cord   disappointed
my   wife   loved   it ...   i   bought   this   item   for   my   wife   and   i   ask   her   if   she   liked   it   and   she   simply   said   she   loved   it .   i   think   the   retracktable   cord   is   a   main   reason   and   the   ther   is   it   doesn   t   make   her   hais   as   static   as   other   blow   dryers ..
great   product   we   have   3   of   these ,   one   in   each   bathroom .   they   are   great   and   hold   up   to   moderate   usage   very   good .
overheated   hairdryer   that   burns   hair !   this   is   the   worst   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned ! !   i   ordered   it   shortly   before   taking   a   trip   to   europe ,   trusting   that   it   would   work ,   happy   about   the   fact   that   it   was   small   and   compact .   i   wasn   t   able   to   use   it   at   all   because   it   was   so   hot   i   couldn   t   use   it   and   secondly   it   was   burning   my   hair ! !   it   was   a   waste   of   money   and   i   highly   discourage   anyone   else   who   might   be   interested   in   this   product .
nice   conair   dryer ...   nice   little   blow   dryer .   it   s   not   too   big   or   too   small .   it   gets   nice   and   hot .   my   only   complaint   is   the   length   of   the   cord .   this   cord   is   a   little   longer   than   the   length   of   any   iphone   or   ipad   cord   3   ft   .   i   d   say   this   cord   is   about   4   or   5   ft   long   and   only   long   enough   for   you   to   use   in   the   bathroom   with   a   socket   close   to   a   mirror .   other   then   the   cords   length   it   s   a   perfect   go   to   blue   dryer .
fool   proof   for   a   hair   dryer   newbie   i   ve   had   pixie   short   hair   that   dried   in   5   minutes   for   most   of   my   adult   life .   but   since   i   ve   decided   to   grow   my   hair   out ,   it   has   taken   forever   to   dry .   i   wanted   a   hair   dryer   that   was   fool   proof   and   unintimidating   and   this   product   definitely   delivered .   it   has   4   settings   cold ,   high ,   low ,   off   which   are   pretty   self   explanatory .   seriously ,   any   newbie   can   operate   this .   now   i   wake   up   with   perfectly   set   hair   because   i   m   able   to   dry   and   semi   style   it   in   the   evening   before   i   go   to   sleep ,   with   a   little   argan   or   sweet   almond   oil   on   my   scalp   as   a   heat   protectant .   br   br   people   have   complained   that   the   cool   setting   is   not   cool   enough ,   but   i   actually   like   that .   i   don   t   like   using   the   hot   settings   too   often   for   fear   of   ruining   my   hair ,   but   cold   air   would   be   difficult   to   deal   with   in   cold   weather .
good   price   so   far   pretty   good .   i   have   been   using   this   dryer   for   a   couple   of   months   now   and   it   gets   the   job   done .   what   more   can   be   said   it   was   a   good   price   and   it   dries   my   hair ..
works   great .   you   just   have   to   know   how   to   use   these   types   of   dryers   i   bought   this   a   few   months   ago   and   decided   to   go   ahead   and   just   now   review   it   after   months   of   using   it .   i   love   it .   i   had   one   of   these   growing   up   and   i   didn   t   know   they   still   made   hair   dryers   like   these .   it   does   take   a   tad   bit   longer   to   dry   your   hair ,   but   if   you   are   wanting   to   straighten   your   hair   you   know   it   takes   time   to   get   that   look .   it   fits   well   in   my   hand .   it   s   not   too   heavy .   i   don   t   use   the   comb   attachments .   a   lot   of   people   complain   about   the   brush   attachment ,   but   i   guess   they   never   used   one   growing   up   and   know   the   trick   with   the   brush .   no   it   doesn   t   grab   onto   your   hair   like   a   regular   brush   does   since   it   s   so   soft   and   because   the   air   is   blowing   your   hair   away   from   the   brush   itself .   i   put   my   hand   on   the   other   side   of   my   hair .   so   i   have   the   hairdryer   with   the   brush   attached   on   one   side .   the   hair   in   the   middle   of   course   and   i   have   my   hand   on   the   other   side   to   keep   the   hair   pressed   into   the   bristles .
the   unit   burned   after   six   months   after   about   6   months   the   dryer   smoked   and   the   motor   burned   out .   now ,   this   may   just   have   been   one   bad   unit   out   of   thousands   sold .   and   the   company   rapidly   replaced   it ,   which   is   good .   not   so   good   is   that   they   did   not   send   me   a   return   label ,   so   i   paid   to   ship   it .   br   br   ordinarily ,   i   would   rate   this   a   pretty   good   dryer .   it   is   reasonably   quiet ,   and   it   is   rated   at   1600   watts ,   so   it   does   not   participate   in   the   hair   dryer   arms   race   at   all   stores ,   where   it   is   impossible   to   find   a   lower   wattage   dryer   that   will   not   blow   fuses   surprising   more   people   don   t   complain   about   that   .   i   would   not   want   to   rate   it   down   for   burning   out .   but   six   months   is   not   reasonable ,   and   this   is   an   appliance   that   works   in   the   home   in   a   bathroom ,   which   means   it   should   be   beyond   any   danger .   br   br   use   your   discretion ,   and   keep   watch   to   see   if   more   people   report   this   problem .   i   suppose   a   report   to   the   cpsc   might   be   in   order ,   just   to   get   a   data   set .
magical !   this   machine   is   amazing !   works   like   a   charm .   i   have   long ,   thick   hair   down   my   back   .   this   thing   dries   my   hair   in   3   minutes   i   have   timed   it .   it   used   to   take   me   over   10   minutes   to   dry   my   hair   with   a   standard   dryer .   sturdy   design ,   and   the   light   pink   buttons   add   a   nice   touch   too .
can   t   believe   it   works !   i   have   long   curly   hair   and   i   was   convinced   this   wouldn   t   work .   i   used   to   air   dry   my   hair   by   sitting   in   front   of   huge   oscillating   fan .   needless   to   say ,   only   the   bottom   half   of   my   hair   dried   in   front   of   the   fan ,   but   the   roots   and   everything   else   was   a   wet   droopy   mess .   so   i   wanted   to   try   this   especially   now   that   winter   is   coming .   i   really   don   t   want   to   leave   my   house   with   wet   hair .   it   dries   my   whole   head   from   root   to   tip ,   and   my   hair   does   not   come   out   frizzy .   its   like   the   heat   locks   my   hair   product   paul   mitchell   s   hair   curling   lotion   in   place .   i   can   fit   my   entire   head   and   all   of   my   hair   in   the   container .   i   love   that   it   has   a   lid   in   the   front   to   open   and   close ,   a   timer   and   it   even   dries   my   hair   on   the   lower   settings .   my   only   con   is   i   need   to   find   somewhere   to   store   it   because   it   s   pretty   huge .   right   now ,   it   s   in   the   dining   room .   other   than   that ,   it   was   worth   every   penny .   would   buy   it   again .
excellent   hair   dryer   can   t   be   beat   excellent   hair   dryer   my   wife ,   daughter   and   guests   love   them .   very   well   made .   seem   to   last   forever .   i   am   installing   two   more   so   we   have   one   in   each   bathroom .   the   first   one   is   about   10   years   old   and   running   strong .
great   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer ! ! !   it   manages   to   dry   your   hair   with   high   heat   in   a   gentle   way .   whatever   voodoo   they   are   using ,   i   approve   whole   heartedly .   i   like   it   that   my   hair   feels   soft   after   i   use   it .   after   i   dry   my   hair ,   i   use   the   cool   setting   on   high   and   gently   cool   down   my   whole   hair .   it   feels   so   nice ,   it   s   making   me   want   to   wash   my   hair   right   now !
ok   in   my   book   i   am   a   hairdresser   of   40   years ... needed   this   for   my   very   occasional   jobs   at   home ... it   will   do   the   job ... easy   to   store   biggest   reason   for   this   choice ,   over   one   on   wheels   somewhat   noisy   who   cares   wonderful   heat ... could   use   some   more   air   holes .   this   is   not   made   as   good   as   the   one   i   had   to   toss   that   was   more   than   40   yrs   old ... but   that   is   true   about   everything ... can   t   see   how   it   adjusts   in   height
love   it .   awesome .   retractable   cord   works   great .   blowing   power   is   great .   light   and   easy   to   store .   bought   it   for   our   new   camper .
dries   hair   fast ,   compact ,   strong !   so   far   so   great .   it   dries   my   hair   in   a   jiffy .   i   like   the   looks   of   it   too ,   and   the   accessories .   it   is   a   1875   watt   hairdryer .
conair   134r   hair   dryer   have   been   using   the   conair   walmount   dryers   for   years .   the   new   one   that   i   ordered   don   t   really   seem   to   have   quite   as   much   air   movement   as   they   did   in   the   past ,   although   not   really   sure   due   to   it   is   so   much   quiter   maby   just   appeares   to   be   that   way .   also   on   the   old   ones ,   i   could   just   take   it   from   the   wll   mount   bracket   and   use   it   like   a   regular   blower ,   or   just   put   a   new   one   in   an   old   prewall   mounted   bracket .   on   this   one   i   had   to   cut   the   cord   and   re   splice   it ,   due   to   it   being   hooked   to   the   light   so   it   would   not   just   come   out   of   the   wall   mount   bracket   without   cutting   the   cord .   br   br   jerry
love   it ,   until   loved   this   hair   dryer   when   i   first   received   it ... now   it   makes   all   types   of   noise   and   smells .... filter   is   clean   so   i   have   no   idea   what   the   problem   is .   dryer   is   totally   sealed   so   can   t   even   open   it   to   see   what   the   problem   is ....
sturdy ,   heavyweight   hairdryer   i   like   this   hairdryer   a   lot .   even   with   the   heaviness ,   which   i   associate   with   quality   for   some   reason .   it   s   a   comfortable   dryer   and   feels   good   in   the   hand   without   fatiguing   it ,   despite   the   weight .   in   the   past ,   i   ve   had   the   problem   of   my   long   hair   getting   sucked   into   the   dryer .   i   did   not   have   that   issue   with   this   dryer .   the   one   minor   complaint   i   have   is   that   the   hot   setting   didn   t   feel   as   hot   as   i   would   have   liked .   the   hot   feels   like   more   of   a   medium   setting   to   me   so   it   look   a   bit   longer   than   i   m   accustomed   to   to   dry   my   hair .   as   far   as   the   ceramic   ionic   nature   of   the   dryer ,   i   m   not   fully   sure   how   this   works   with   a   blow   dryer   since   it   doesn   t   actually   touch   the   hair   like   a   flat   iron   or   curling   iron .   the   science   has   been   lost   on   me .   br   br   this   comes   with   a   spot   dryer   attachment   and   a   diffuser   attachment   but   i   don   t   normally   use   those .   br   br   overall   a   great   dryer .
exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .   i   used   this   every   day .   our   master   bathroom   is   small   which   is   why   i   wanted   a   wall   mount .   works   perfectly   and   installed   in   minutes .
great   prcve   great   performance .   first   tried   this   item   at   a   hotel .   i   received   compliments   on   my   hair .   it   also   has   a   nice   long   cord .   i   got   one   for   myself   and   gave   one   as   a   give .
best   hair   dryer   ever   my   wife   found   this   model   hair   dryer   at   a   motel   and   fell   in   love   with   it .   i   wrote   the   model   number   down   and   bought   this   one .   it   has   a   nice   hang   up   bracket ,   a   built   in   night   light ,   moves   a   surprising   amount   of   air   and   works   great .
i   would   recommend   it   certainly   powerful ,   and   excellent   value   for   money ,   other   that   the   cord   being   a   bit   short ,   i   m   very   satisfied   with   it
love   the   color   and   performance   i   ll   admit   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   only   because   of   the   color .   i   love   anything   and   everything   green .   br   br   i   really   love   the   attachment   on   this   hair   dryer   it   works   very   well   when   i   am   drying   my   hair   to   get   it   somewhat   strait   before   i   flat   iron   it .   it   s   pretty   much   the   only   reason   i   won   a   hair   dryer .   i   gets   nice   and   hot ,   but   not   to   hot   to   were   i   feel   like   i   m   about   to   burn   myself .   br   br   i   really   love   how   the   handle   turns   and   folds   up .   it   fits   in   my   bathroom   drawer   perfectly .   br   br   i   d   reccamend   this   to   anyone   who   just   needs   a   simple   blow   dryer   for   simple   things .   also   if   you   need   to   save   on   space   because   of   the   folding   handle .
reasonable   sound   levels ,   appears   good   quality ,   she   s   happy   with   the   gift !   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   because   i   became   convinced   she   was   going   to   go   deaf   eventually   from   her   previous   hairdryer ,   i   found   it   deafening   from   down   the   hallway   but   she   s   running   the   thing   for   minutes   a   day   right   next   to   her   ears   br   br   this   one   is   remarkably   quieter   still   a   noisy   gadget ,   but   what   a   difference .   much   lower   decibels   and   a   more   pleasant ,   lower   frequency   sound   as   well .   br   br   the   jury   seems   to   be   out   on   whether   ions   do   anything   or   not ,   but   after   a   couple   weeks   use   she   did   remark   that   it   worked   faster   and   she   thought   her   hair   looked   better   too .
great   hair   dryer !   my   husband   i   travel   a   lot .   there   are   times   we   need   a   blow   dryer .   the   dryer   is   small   and   doesn   t   weigh   much .   we   keep   it   in   our   suitcase   all   the   time .   its   perfect !
review   it   is   not   very   powerful !   takes   a   while   to   blowdry ,   not   as   bad   for   men   as   for   women ..   but   it   hangs   conveniently   on   the   wall !
electrical   issues   with   power   cord   beware ! ! !   lasted   about   2   years   and   recently   it   stopped   working   when   the   cord   moved .   to   get   by ,   i   move   the   cord   until   it   starts   working   again .   i   had   a   feeling   a   retractable   cord   was   a   bad   idea .   this   could   start   a   fire !   so   if   you   are   looking   for   a   short   term   hair   dryer   that   is   a   fire   hazard ,   this   is   the   one   for   you .   br   br   so   how   did   it   do   leading   up   to   this   point   not   impressed .   my   previous   conair   ion   dryer   was   awesome .   my   thick   long   hair   dried   in   half   the   time   with   my   old   dryer .   my   expectations   were   high   for   this   one   and   it   was   just   average ... less   than   average   because   it   died   so   soon .   i   am   willing   to   spend   the   extra   money   for   a   quality   dryer .   you   should   too !
perfect   for   personal   use   nice   blower   for   personal   use .... it   heats   well .   i   have   fine   and   long   hair   and   it   took   me   25   min   to   dry   all   my   hair   which   is   a   pretty   good   time   consider   that   a   professional   dries   my   hair   in   45   min
love   it   love   love   love   this   blow   dryer   twin   turbo   is   the   way   to   go ...   it   s   fast   and   it   s   easy   and   it   gets   the   job   done   .....   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone
love ,   love ,   love   it   ! !   used   this   in   a   hotel   while   away   and   researched   it .   found   on   amazon   at   a   great   price   and   bought   two .   nice ,   lightweight   hairdryer   that   gets   the   job   done   quickly .   would   highly   recommend .
it   doesn   t   stand   up   to   everyday   use   very   well .   i   bought   two   just   over   a   year   ago   and   have   had   both   of   them   fail   after   what   i   think   is   a   short   period   of   time .   my   wife   loves   the   way   it   dries   her   hair   and   she   likes   that   they   are   mounted   on   the   wall .   i   ordered   two   more   this   time   based   on ,   in   my   opinion ,   the   short   length   of   time   before   failure   only   because   my   wife   likes   it .
good   hair   dryer   it   came   very   soon   after   ordering   it .   it   performs   exactly   as   it   was   advertised .   it   is   very   easy   to   use   and   the   recoiling   power   cord   is   very   convenient .
excellent ! ! ! ! !   great   product   and   came   as   described .   ordered   few   months   ago   and   still   working   awesome .   great   product   for   great   price .   i   would   recommend   it
waste   of   money   maybe   i   should   expect   the   shelf   life   of   a   hair   dryer   to   be   less   than   two   years ,   because   that   is   how   long   this   dryer   will   work .   i   purchased   locally ,   and   spent   35.99 .   it   was   ok   while   it   lasted ,   but   certainly   nothing   special .   even   though   the   amazon   price   is   lower ,   i   would   still   say   pass .
never   buy   anything   from   thediscountcenter   it   is   counterfeit !   i   bought   this   expensive   t3   micro   featherweight   luxe   hair   dryer   2.9   pound   from   thediscountcenter .   i   was   guaranteed   that   it   had   a   2   year   warranty   and   that   they   would   replace   it   should   anything   go   wrong   with   it .   upon   arrival   it   had   a   broken   diffuser .   they   replaced   it .   i   continued   to   use   the   hairdryer   and   then   it   eventually   stopped   working   while   still   under   warranty .   i   contacted   thediscountcenter   to   replace   the   hairdryer .   they   ignored   several   emails .   i   then   filed   a   complaint   with   amazon   who   has   also   been   unhelpful .   i   am   in   the   process   of   filing   a   complaint   with   headquarters   and   the   better   business   bureau .   please   know   that   when   i   contacted   t3   direct   to   see   if   they   would   honor   the   warranty ,   they   said   the   serial   number   was   a   counterfeit .   do   not   waste   your   money   with   thediscountcenter ,   they   are   liars   who   are   selling   counterfeit   products   through   amazon .   what   is   even   worse   is   that   amazon   was   notified   about   this   seller   back   in   september   and   they   continue   to   let   them   sell   products   through   the   website !
best   hair   dryer   i   love   the   hair   dryer .   dries   hair   fast   only   thing   i   do   not   like   is   that   the   cord   gets   twisted   and   i   have   to   fix   it   before   i   use   it   everyday .
it   dries   my   thick   hair   in   half   the   time !   this   sleek   hair   dryer   really   packs   a   punch .   it   dries   my   thick   hair   so   much   faster   than   my   other   hair   dryer .   the   different   speed   and   heat   settings   are   so   nice   2   speeds ,   3   heat   settings   .   it   comes   with   two   attachments ,   and   i   especially   like   the   concentrator   attachment   to   help   dry   strands   of   hair   nicely   without   blowing   the   rest   of   my   hair   around   like   crazy .   so   far   this   hair   dryer   has   proven   to   be   a   quality   product   i   really   like   it !
works   great   on   fine   straight   hair   this   hair   dryer   dries   my   fine   straight   hair   very   quickly   and   is   rather   quiet   for   a   hair   dryer .   it   s   a   little   on   the   heavy   side ,   so   if   you   have   hair   that   takes   a   long   time   to   dry ,   you   might   want   to   get   a   lighter   dryer   so   your   arm   doesn   t   get   tired .
perfect   it   is   better   than   what   i   expect   and   gives   me   more   than   i   want .   this   hair   dryer   has   three   shifts   which   are   perfect   for   me .   it   also   can   swithch   to   the   cold   model .   loves   it .   highly   recommend
it   drys   your   hair   plugged   it   in ,   dried   my   hair .   br   brilliant !   br   br   cord   is   a   little   short ,   if   your   socket   is   waaaay   far   away   from   where   you   normally   sit   or   stand ,   but   the   dryer   itself   is   good   for   what   it   does ,   not   so   hot   that   you   feel   like   you   are   burning   yourself ,   but   effective   in   drying   my   thicker   hair .   br   br   i   like   it !
love   this   product ! ! !   this   is   the   best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned ! ! !   br   the   only   reason   it   got   4   stars   instead   of   5   is   because   it   showed   2800   watts   when   i   ordered   it ,   yet   when   i   received   it ,   there   were   2200   watts .   still   ok ..... yet   a   little   misleading ! ! !   br   excellent   product ! ! !   can   t   go   wrong ! ! ! !
the   perfect   hair   dryer   how   great   can   a   hair   dryer   be   aren   t   they   all   the   same   well ,   as   is   true   with   many   things ,   all   hair   dryers   are   not   created   equal ,   and   this   was   a   great   find .   it   seems   a   simple   thing   just   turn   it   on   and   dry   the   hair   but   i   ve   been   frustrated   many   times   with   hair   dryers   that   are   too   strong ,   blowing   like   a   hurricane   no   matter   what   the   setting ,   too   weak ,   barely   putting   out   a   cough   of   air ,   or   too   cold ,   or   too   hot ,   or   that   just   fry   themselves   after   a   few   months   of   use .   and ,   specifically ,   i   wanted   a   travel   hair   dryer ,   since   my   last   supposed   34   dual   voltage   34   hair   dryer   went   up   in   smoke   literally !   when   trying   to   use   it   on   the   other   voltage   setting .   so ,   this   hair   dryer   has   been   a   welcome   treat .   not   only   does   it   do   as   it   claims ,   in   being   dual   voltage ,   but   you   still   got   low   and   high   settings ,   and   the   great   34   cool   shot   34   at   either   voltage   setting .   air   flow   and   heat   are   consistent   and   the   low   and   high   settings   are   really   just   that   less   heat   and   air ,   or   more   heat   and   air   and   are   noticeable   in   difference .   comes   with   two   attachments ,   as   shown ,   handle   folds ,   plus   the   back   opens   up   for   cleaning !   i   have   never   found   such   a   great   hair   dryer   at   even   far   higher   prices ,   let   alone   at   the   great   price   for   this   one !   if   you   re   looking   for   a   great   hair   dryer   that   also   can   travel   the   world   with   you ,   this   one   is   the   one !
great   hairdryer ! !   this   is   my   favorite   hairdryer   ever .   it   s   amazing   how   powerful   it   is   for   such   a   small   dryer .   luckily ,   i   stumbled   upon   this   at   a   hotel   i   was   staying   at   and   couldnt   believe   how   much   i   liked   it .   as   soon   as   i   got   home ,   i   got   online   and   ordered   it .   i   have   had   many   dryers   before   this ,   but   this   is   the   best   and   the   best   price .   highly   recommend !
better   than   i   had   expected !   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer   if   you   have   thick   or   coarse   hair   that   needs   to   be   smoothed   or   straightened .   if   you   are   the   type   of   person   who   just   flips   the   hair   around   and   smooths   with   fingers ,   this   might   be   too   much   dryer   for   you ,   but   i   have   no   experience   with   that   kind   of   hair .   this   is   my   first   professional   hair   dryer ,   and   i   couldn   t   be   happier .   i   have   medium   coarse   hair   mixed   race ,   ringlets ,   coarse   but   not   kinky .   3b   maybe   that   is   currently   just   below   chin   length .   i   m   super   skeptical   about   product   claims ,   so   i   did   a   lot   of   research .   i   read   an   article   about   a   comparison   of   several   models   that   convinced   me   of   the   effectiveness   of   titanium ,   and   i   knew   i   wanted   2000   watts   just   cause   i   wanted   as   much   power   as   possible .   there   aren   t   too   many   dryers   with   those   2   features ,   so   after   reading   the   positive   reviews ,   i   decided   on   this   model .   from   the   first   time   i   used   it ,   i   was   very   pleased .   my   hair   was   definitely   softer   and   smoother .   i   never   believed   a   hairdryer   could   make   your   hair   softer ,   but   this   one   definitely   did .   i   can   also   dry   my   hair   much   more   quickly ,   but   i   think   that   is   because   with   this   hair   dryer ,   i   am   actually   able   to   dry   my   hair   like   the   hairdresser   does   in   big   sections ,   using   the   curve   of   my   head   to   smooth   it   out .   previously ,   i   always   had   to   dry   my   hair   in   1   2inch   sections   wrapping   around   and   pulling   with   a   round   brush ,   which   takes   forever .   if   i   dry   my   hair   that   way   with   this   dryer ,   it   still   takes   about   as   long ,   but   i   don   t   really   get   much   better   results   so   i   don   t   bother .   cons   1 .   i   still   have   to   use   a   flat   iron   to   smooth   my   ends .   for   the   life   of   me ,   i   can   t   get   smooth   ends   with   a   hair   dryer .   i   was   really   hoping   this   dryer   would   solve   that   for   me ,   but   instead   it   has   convinced   me   that   it   is   my   technique ,   not   the   dryer .   2 .   it   really   does   get   hot .   i   have   to   use   medium   heat   around   the   edges   of   my   hairline ,   and   that   can   still   be   a   little   intense .   if   you   have   a   sensitive   scalp ,   this   might   be   too   much   dryer   for   you .   3 .   the   nozzles   seem   kinda   cheap .   my   last   hair   dryer   had   nozzles   that   snapped   on ,   which   made   it   easier   to   rotate   and   change   the   angle .   these   nozzles   just   fit   snugly   over   the   barrel   and   often   come   off   when   i   try   to   rotate   them .   i   can   t   speak   to   some   of   the   other   complaints   about   this   dryer   like   weight   and   noise .   i   wouldn   t   call   this   dryer   light   or   quiet ,   but   it   doesn   t   seem   particularly   loud   or   heavy   to   me .   personally ,   i   wouldn   t   want   to   give   up   the   performance   of   this   dryer   for   those   features .   br   br   hope   this   review   helps ,   and   happy   styling   everyone !
excellent   dryer   i   needed   a   dryer   to   process   permanent   color   faster   spritz   inside   of   processing   cap   with   water ,   cover   hair   completely   with   cap ,   set   heat   to   med   with   low   airflow   for   20   mins ,   water   turns   to   steam ,   reds   are   way   more   vivid ,   gray   is   completely   covered ,   hair   turns   out   glossy   and   moisturized   and   to   dry   wavy   extensions   with   low   heat .   my   salon   is   attached   to   my   home   and   i   have   a   small   clientele   so   i   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   lot   of   money .   this   dryer   is   powerful   enough   without   blowing   a   breaker   and   has   lots   of   temp   settings   with   a   high   low   airflow   setting .   this   dryer   does   blow ,   obviously ,   so   if   you   don   t   want   to   wear   a   net   while   drying   a   roller   set ,   use   an   infrared   orbiting   processor   that   works   without   a   fan .
a   happy   purchaser   a   great   product   but   too   much   for   a   66   yr   old   guy   with   thinning   hair ,   therefore   wife   has   happily   confiscated   for   her   full   head   of   hair !
great   hairdryer   thought   all   hairdryers   were   the   same .   this   one   is   lioke   going   to   a   salon .   liked   it   so   much   ,   bought   one   for   my   daughter .
hardly   any   power   i   have   fine   straight   hair   that   takes   hardly   anything   to   dry ,   but   this   dryer   isn   t   even   up   to   the   task .   it   blows   air   on   your   hair   and   i   m   sure   speed   along   the   drying   process ,   but   i   wasn   t   able   to   use   it   for   styling   as   it   had   neither   enough   heat   nor   enough   power .   the   one   time   i   tried   i   got   my   hair   tangled   in   the   fan   despite   the   screen   guard   and   burned   out   the   motor .
love   works   perfectly ! ! !   i   really   love   this   blow   dryer   and   the   price   is   just   incredible !   i   would   recommend   the   blow   dryer !
works   great   i   have   been   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer .   my   daughters   and   i   have   all   tested   it ,   and   we   ve   had   consistently   good   results .   we   have   long ,   medium ,   and   short   hairstyles   between   us .   we   all   have   straight ,   fine   hair   and   a   lot   of   it .   our   hair   tends   to   get   flat ,   not   frizzy .   br   br   the   dryer   does   work   faster   than   other   dryers   we   ve   had ,   and   it   is   quieter .   blowouts   result   in   shinier ,   smoother   hair   than   before .   i   like   the   multiple   settings ,   although   there   is   a   learning   curve ,   and   i   found   myself   pushing   the   wrong   switches   at   first .   the   cold   shot   of   air   is   a   real   help   in   styling ,   especially   for   short   hair   styles .   we   ve   used   the   concentrator ,   and   it   fits   securely   and   stays   on .   br   br   i   thought   the   dryer   was   a   bit   heavy ,   but   my   kids   12   and   14   never   mentioned   the   weight .   it   s   been   hard   to   get   them   to   blow   dry   their   hair ,   but   they   wanted   to   use   this   dryer   a   big   plus   to   me ,   i   admit .   i   d   be   a   stylist   if   i   wanted   to   give   someone   a   blowout ,   but   i   m   not   and   i   don   t .   it   s   a   full   sized   blow   dryer   and   comes   with   loop   so   you   can   hang   it   if   you   wish .   i   wasn   t   sure   where   i   wanted   to   store   the   dryer ,   so   i   temporarily   rested   in   inside   the   strong   box   it   comes   in   and   tucked   the   box   in   my   linen   closet   between   a   stack   of   towels   and   the   wall .   it   s   worked   so   well   that   i   m   still   using   it ,   but   it   s   a   nice   looking   dryer ,   and   i   would   display   it   if   my   bathroom   were   larger   and   had   more   wall   space .
wow   it   is   very   powerful   i   like   it   very   much ! ! ! ! !   it   save   me   a   lot   of   time   to   dry   hair !   ho   ho
perfect   for   travel ....   this   mini   dryer   is   perfect   for   travel .   i   have   used   it   several   times   and   am   impressed .   it   also   came   with   a   zipper   bag   for   travel ,   which   was   an   unexpected   surprise .   it   has   a   lot   of   force   and   does   a   great   job .
love   andis   we   were   staying   in   a   hotel   in   dc .   the   hotel   furnished   an   andis   dryer   with   retractable   cord .   i   enjoyed   using   it   so   much   so   i   ordered   one   as   soon   as   we   returned   home .   it   came   just   a   few   days   later .   im   very   happy   with   it .
the   perfect   blowdryer   for   my   baby   fine   hair !   for   me ,   i   have   tried   so   many   different   blow   dryers   for   me   baby   fine   and   hard   to   manage   hair .   and   these   previously   tried   blow   dryers   blew   my   hair   dry   fast   of   course   i   have   thin   hair   ,   however ,   they   dulled   my   hair   and   also   damaged   my   hair   as   the   drying   velocity   was   much   too   strong   and   the   heating   was   just   too   hot !   br   so   i   tried   the   conair   1875   blow   dryer   and   was   amazed   and   blown   away   no   pun   intended   !   this   dryer   i   have   found   to   dry   my   hair   quickly   and   gently .   also ,   my   hair   is   shinier   and   much   more   manageable .   br   br   if   you   have   baby   fine   hair   like   i   do ,   this   is   the   blow   dryer   for   you !
love   not   having   to   store   a   hair   dryer !   love   not   having   to   store   a   hair   dryer   and   so   far   the   conair   is   operating   great !   it   s   also   a   great   weight   and   wattage   for   drying   your   hair .
just   what   i   was   looking   for   i   researched   and   read   reviews .   this   was   one   of   the   better   ones   i   found .   after   i   received   it   i   opened   and   used   it .   the   hot   is   really   hot   but   good   when   your   hair   is   really   wet .   then   you   can   set   it   on   warm   and   its   good .
my   wife   loves   it   ! !   after   about   20   years   of   daily   use   and   many   minor   repairs ,   my   wife   s   conair   finally   bit   the   and   we   found   this   to   be   the   closest   replacement   model .   other   than   being   a   little   heavier   than   her   original   ,   it   still   has   the   features   that   she   needs .   very   happy   with   it   maybe   it   will   last   as   long   as   the   first   one .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   owned   for   the   price   this   hair   dryer   dries   fast   and   it   is   easy   to   use   because   it   is   lightweight .   i   carry   the   dryer   in   my   gym   bag ,   and   even   though   it   doesn   t   fold   down ,   the   light   weight   makes   it   so   i   don   t   mind .   there   are   several   settings ,   which   are   convenient   too .   i   still   have   frizz   after   my   hair   is   dry ,   but   i   use   a   flat   iron   to   fix   that .
remington   tstudio   salon   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   extremely   heavy .   it   it   also   very   hot   and   please   be   careful   if   you   dry   your   hair   on   high .   i   have   actually   saw   my   hair   spark   when   drying .   so   please   use   caution .
love   love   love   it   this   blow   dryer   is   the   greatest   hair   tool   i   ve   purchased   in   a   long   time .   i   can   do   my   daughters   hair   now   with   ease   and   less   pulling   out   of   our   thick   curly   hair !
ah   love   the   yellowbird   i   ve   been   wanting   one   of   these   since   1976   when   my   last   one   flew   off   the   top   of   my   car   while   driving   down   the   street   and   broke   into   a   thousand   pieces   i   forgot   i   left   it   on   top   of   my   car   ,   but   i   thought   they   were   no   longer   making   them .   lo   and   behold ,   i   was   at   a   hair   salon   in   new   orleans ,   and   the   hairdresser   whipped   out   one   of   these   babies .   i   exclaimed   how   much   i   missed   mine   from   the   70   s ,   and   she   informed   me   34   honey ,   they   re   still   makin   these   puppies .   34   so   i   am   now   reunited   w   my   beloved   yellowbird .
works   great   my   wife   said   that   it   works   great   out   daughter   loves   it   too .   i   also   ordered   some   extra   combs   just   in   case .
doesn   t   last   very   long   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   about   14   months   ago   and   it   worked   great   when   i   got   it   but   now   it   s   not   blowing   strong ,   it   s   feels   like   it   s   on   a   low   setting   instead   of   high .   i   m   looking   for   a   new   blow   dryer   because   i   know   this   one   is   about   to   die .
andis   wall   mount   hair   dryer .   my   husband   and   i   have   used   andis   hair   dryer   for   years .   when   ours   stopped   working ,   i   was   worried   that   i   couldn   t   find   them   again ,   so   i   went   on   line   with   amazan   and   was   pleased   to   find   the   same   brand .   we   love   these   dryer   and   glad   to   find   them   again .   br   br   thanks   br   ruth   o   dell
four   years   old   and   still   going   i   have   to   admit   that   this   has   been   used   as   a   spare   dryer   for   the   past   year ,   but   it   is   still   used   twice   a   month   at   least .   it   saw   heavy   use   with   waist   length   hair   the   three   years   prior .   even   though   it   now   costs   almost   half   of   what   i   paid   for   it ,   i   still   think   it   is   a   decent   value .   my   rusk   1900   watt   ceramic   dryer   blows   this   dryer   away ,   but   it   isn   t   fair   to   compare   an   80   dryer   to   something   that   now   costs   15 .   the   amount   of   heat   is   pretty   good   and   it   gets   my   hair   dry   in   an   acceptable   amount   of   time .   the   cold   air   button   is   really   more   of   a   less   hot   air   than   actual   cold   air ,   but   i   really   don   t   have   a   use   for   cold   air ,   anyway .   after   all   these   years ,   the   cord   is   starting   to   bend   oddly   right   at   the   plug ,   so   i   don   t   think   it   has   a   lot   of   life   in   it   left   unless   i   find   a   way   to   replace   the   cord .   but   i   still   think   i   got   my   money   s   worth .
blew   up   after   1   year !   i   would   not   buy   this   hair   dryer   again .   i   have   had   it   for   exactly   1   year   and   it   performed   ok   until   today .   it   is   5   days   past   the   warranty   period   and   it   just   broke .   sparks   started   coming   out   of   the   back   of   the   unit   and   my   entire   bathroom   smelled   like   it   was   on   fire .   br   i   do   not   wash   my   hair   daily .   this   product   was   used   2   3   times   a   week .   i   also   regularly   cleaned   the   back   filter   of   any   dust   or   debris ,   so   i   am   pretty   disappointed   i   only   got   12   months   out   of   it !   br   br   even   before   it   stopped   working   i   was   not   all   that   impressed   with   it .   it   dried   my   shoulder   length   fine   hair   in   marginally   shorter   time   than   a   regular   dryer   and   i   did   not   really   notice   a   difference   in   added   shine .   br   br   i   will   be   placing   an   order   for   this   cheap   revlon   rv544pkf   1875w   tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   dryer ,   which   i   purchased   to   replace   my   mil   s   ancient   one   last   year .   this   revlon   hair   dryer   i   am   really   impressed   with .   super   light   weight   and   dries   hair   in   record   time .
much   bigger   than   in   the   pic   picture   is   very   deceiving ,   the   hair   dryer   is   bigger   than   the   pic .   however ,   good   quality   for   the   price ,   and   i   get   great   use   out   of   it .
i   like   it   as   much   as   a   guy   can   like   a   hairdryer   let   s   face   it ,   i   really   just   bought   this   because   it   looked   like   the   manliest   looking   hairdryer   out   there .   br   but   i   will   say ,   my   hair   is   nice   and   soft   and   much   easier   to   hold   its   style .   i   ve   even   used   it   for   manly   tasks   such   as   drying   primer ,   and   glue .
figured   out   how   to   lock   it   at   first   i   was   with   everyone   else   on   the   thing   not   staying   in   place   and   repeatedly   falling   out .   i   figured   out   that   it   has   to   be   locked .   if   you   twist   it   hard   enough ,   it   locks   in   place .   i   can   now   move   freely   and   don   t   have   to   keep   still   thinking   the   hose   will   fall   out ,   cause   it   won   t .... so   this   is   a   great   product .   used   it   to   deep   condition   my   hair   and   i   have   no   complaints .   the   brush   attachment   serves   no   purpose   though ,   but   it   did   feel   good   on   my   scalp   when   used   as   a   regular   brush .
excellent   little   dryer   i   looked   at   this   little   dryer   for   one   criterion   that   was   my   exclusive   priority   i   wanted   a   small   handheld   dryer   that   would   not   scare   my   pet   cockatiel   bird   when   i   dry   him   after   his   shower   in   the   winter !   needless   to   say ,   its   color ,   size ,   sound   and   portability   mattered .   i   chose   this   and   couldn   t   be   happier .   he   loves   it   too .   the   heat   of   both   settings   is   ideal ,   it   worked   well   for   my   hair   too .   the   fact   that   it   is   dual   voltage   was   not   as   important   to   me ,   although   we   travel   to   europe   a   lot ,   but   i   can   use   the   dryers   in   the   hotel   itself .   it   does   sound   a   little   louder   than   i   had   thought   after   reading   reviews   that   it   was   quiet .   the   other   issue   is   that   the   slider   switch   is   a   little   difficult   to   operate   and   tends   to   slide   all   the   way   from   end   to   end .   it   is   difficult   to   move   to   the   off   position   in   the   center .
pretty   good   for   a   cheap   blow   dryer !   i   have   very   long ,   thick   hair ,   so   i   don   t   think   i   will   ever   be   100   happy   with   any   blowdryer .   this   one   does   a   very   good   at   drying   my   hair   in   a   reasonable   amount   of   time .   this   is   an   awesome   alternative   to   the   85.00   blowdryers   at   sally   s !
just   right   not   too   big ,   not   too   small .   my   hair   is   short ,   and   i   use   this   for   a   few   minutes   and   it   s   done .   easy   peasy .
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   really   can   t   be   beaten   for   the   price .   it   gets   the   job   done   and   also   comes   with   a   diffuser   and   a   concentrator .   br   br   the   barrel   is   very   wide ,   moves   plenty   of   air ,   and   is   one   of   the   quietest   hair   dryers   i   ve   used ,   but   also   definitely   does   not   have   that   strong   of   a   fan .   i   don   t   mind   this   usually ,   but   sometimes   if   my   bangs   are   acting   up   i   d   really   like   a   large   amount   of   air   heat   to   put   them   in   place .   usually   the   concentrator   is   fine   for   this   but   it   d   be   nice   to   have   a   bit   more   flow .   br   br   the   diffuser   is   also   very   nice .   i   ve   never   really   used   a   diffuser   until   getting   this   but   it   generally   keeps   my   thick ,   curly   hair   frizz   free   as   long   as   i   don   t   dry   it   completely .   if   i   dry   it   100   ,   then   i   definitely   get   some   frizz   on   the   top   layer   of   my   hair .   br   br   overall ,   very   happy   with   this   product   for   the   price .
fair   to   midway   a   little   noisy ,   not   like   my   previous   pro   dryer ,   but   it   drys   my   hair .   the   little   air   diffuser   doesn   t   stay   on   which   really   burns   me   as   i   have   to   keep   picking   up   and   putting   on ..... there   s   nothing   to   keep   it   connected .   dumb   construction .
too   cold   the   air   coming   out   of   dryer   is   room   temperature   at   best   and   the   cord   rewind   does   not   work .   the   cord   only   rewinds   part   of   the   way .   br   the   only   feature   left   to   work   is   the   folding   handle .   that   works   fine .
okay   i   like   this   blow   dryer   except   for   several   issues .   i   have   short   hair   so   use   the   low   speed   setting   mostly .   it   is   fairly   quiet   unless   you   turn   it   on   high   speed .   then   it   s   loud .   it   is   much   heavier   than   my   old   revlon   blow   dryer   that   i   finally   had   to   replace .   if   you   have   long ,   thick   hair   this   would   be   pretty   heavy   to   use   for   any   length   of   time .   the   diffuser   has   very   hard   plastic   fingers .   wish   they   d   make   soft ,   pliable   ones   that   would   be   more   comfortable   to   lift   and   twist   hair .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   great   feature   and   works   well   if   you   follow   the   instructions .
get   the   job   done ,   super   light !   though   has   standard   features ,   the   best   thing   about   this   hair   dryer   is   practically   weightless ,   almost   as   light   as   a   feather ,   love   it !
warm   air   not   enough   heat !   the   dryer   does   not   get   hot   enough !   i   don   t   know   if   it   is   defective   or   by   design   that   the   air   flowing   from   the   dryer   is   not   hot   enough   and   in   not   what   i   am   used   to   compared   to   other   dryers .   the   original   box   was   taped   up ,   it   might   have   been   a   return   item .   too   late   to   return !
great   hair   dryer   i   got   this   compact   hair   dryer   to   replace   the   same   model ,   which   i   d   had   for   a   decade   or   two   but   the   cord   started   to   wear .   i   found   my   old   one   to   be   very   reliable   and   with   a   surprisingly   strong   air   flow   for   the   compact   size   of   the   dryer .   i   d   taken   it   on   several   dozen   trips   and   used   it   at   home   often   as   well .   this   new   one   seems   to   be   of   equally   good   quality   and   has   all   the   features   i   d   liked   on   my   old   one .   i   was   so   glad   conair   still   makes   it !
pretty   good   ...   description   is   deceiving .   when   the   description   said   2   speeds   and   3   heat   setting   i   was   thinking   that   i   could   use   them   in   any   combination .   nope   ....   there   are   3   choices   ...   low ,   med ,   and   high   and   the   heat   settings   are   preset .   br   br   i   also   with   that   it   had   a   cold   blast   button .   br   br   however ,   i   like   the   size   and   the   fact   that   it   stays   out   of   the   way   so   i   kept   it .
panasonic   best   dryer   i   have   ever   used .... expect   when   it   start   over   heating ... hope   to   see   a   fix   soon ....   br   br   highly   recommended   ...   ...
awesome   love   this   ! ! !   exactly   what   i   was   needing   and   wanting   !   it   s   fast   drying   and   the   retractable   cord   is   great   and   fold   down   handle   is   very   nice   for   storage   and   travel
a   welcome   addition   easy   to   use ,   instructions   clear ,   has   plenty   of   power ,   very   light   and   small   for   travel .   have   begun   using   it   every   day   instead   of   my   regular   hair   dryer .
huge   no   complaints   on   functionality   but   it   is   way   bigger   and   heavier   then   i   expected   based   on   my   previous   cord   keeper   folding   handle   conair .   i   supose   i   should   have   paid   more   attention   to   the   size   specs   before   ordering   but   i   guess   i   assumed   a   style   that   folds   up   would   be   space   conscious   all   the   way   around .   if   you   own   a   seperate   hair   dryer   for   travel ,   this   could   be   a   good   option .   i   think   it   would   be   best   for   the   teen   age   crowd ,   it   is   awfuly   pink   too .
hair   dryer   with   comb   couldn   t   find   the   hair   dryer   with   comb   in   the   stores   so   i   was   quite   pleased   to   find   it   on   amazon .   the   andis   ceramic   ionic   styler   hair   dryer   lives   up   to   my   expectations .   it   s   everything   i   hoped   to   find .   i   especially   like   the   high   heat   setting   for   drying   more   quickly   yet   the   fan   speed   doesn   t   increase   so   that   it   doesn   t   make   styling   harder .   i   would   buy   this   hair   dryer   again .   .
works   well ,   wish   the   diffuser   were   larger   this   dryer   has   mulitple   settings .   one   switch   to   control   the   blast   a   little   or   a   lot   and   one   switch   to   control   the   temperture   low   med   high   .   i   have   very   curly   hair ,   which   i   wear   naturally .   i   need   my   dryer   to   blast   a   lot   of   air ,   but   at   a   very   low   temperture ,   and   i   need   to   have   a   diffuser .   br   br   this   fits   the   bill .   the   only   gripe   i   have   is   that   i   wish   the   diffuser   were   bigger .   it   s   fairly   small   you   really   have   to   dry   your   hair   in   fairly   small   sections .   br   br   recommend .
remington   ac2015   love   it   ! ! !   my   customers   and   my   family   love   it   so   i   love ,   i   will   continue   to   promote   it   the   best   way   i   can   .
my   conair   hair   dryer   meets   my   guests   needs .   i   put   the   conair   134r   hair   dryer   on   my   guests   bathroom   wall   and   my   visiting   company   love   the   idea   because   they   do   not   have   to   lug   a   hair   dryer   along   when   they   visit   me .   i   also   has   a   night   light   on   it .
conair   soft   bonnet   hair   dryer   the   dryer   works   great .   the   only   problem   is   the   hose   won   t   stay   on ,   it   falls   off   when   using   it   on   my   clients .
happy   with   this   dryer   i   have   thick   and   course   hair .   i   think   this   dryer   does   a   great   job ,   especially   for   the   price .   it   is   heavy   as   the   other   reviews   state .   i   was   using   a   travel   hair   dryer   prior   to   this ,   so   the   weight   definitely   took   some   getting   used   to .   it   drys   my   hair   about   as   quickly   as   any   dryer   can .   i   would   recommend   this   product .
wall   mounted   hair   dryer   i   love   this .   very   quick   and   easy   to   mount   on   the   wall .   very   convenient   and   no   mess   on   the   counter !   always   available   when   you   want   it .
great   product   love   this !   it   s   stronger   than   most   blow   dryers   i   ve   used   in   the   past   3   years .   the   look   is   very   professional   and   the   color   is   a   deep   purple   with   soft   pink .   i   should   have   purchased   the   hair   wand   that   went   with   it .   matchy   matchy !
amazingly   good   hair   dryer   at   an   amazingly   low   price   this   hair   dryer   is   about   as   good   as   it   gets .   br   br   great   product   in   a   compact   size   and   a   low   price   that   doesn   t   reflect   the   product   it   works   as   good   as   any   large   expensive   hair   dryer .   br   br   great   for   home   use   and   packs   in   a   suitcase   for   travel   nicely .
light   weight   and   quick   have   had   this   dryer   for   about   a   year .   when   i   first   received   it   i   was   concerned   that   it   did   not   seem   to   blow   as   hard   as   the   dryer   i   had   been   using   but   it   actually   seems   to   dry   my   hair   faster .
super   blow   dryer   this   is   a   great   blow   dryer !   the   air   comes   out   nice   and   strong   and   it   gets   the   job   done   fast .
great   for   the   price   this   dryer   is   great   i   have   had   it   for   almost   a   year   and   haven   t   had   any   problems   whatsoever .   br   very   impressive .
motelish   at   home   you   see   these   at   the   better   motels   but   dont   find   them   at   the   big   box   stores   ,   my   wife   wanted   this   in   her   bathroom   at   home .   ordered   this   one   ,   got   it   fast   ,   just   what   we   wrer   looking   for   great   vender
handy   little   hair   dryer   we   bought   this   dryer ,   because   we   have   a   tiny   bathroom   with   little   storage   space .   it   was   easy   to   hang ,   but   the   bracket   holds   the   unit   away   from   the   wall   a   bit .   it   has   adequate   power   and   the   controls   are   easy .   we   are   very   pleased   with   it .
great   value   my   wife   and   i   got   this   to   replace   the   same   hair   dryer   we   had   used   for   years .   the   old   one   started   making   a   noise   that   sounded   like   lint   was   getting   into   the   fan   blower   chamber .   in   an   attempt   to   clean   it ,   i   broke   it ...   i   know ,   smooth   move ! !   long   story   short   is   that   we   were   amazed   to   find   the   exact   same   dryer   on   amazon   for   13 ,   so   we   snagged   it .   great   dryer   for   the   price   and   my   wife   and   are   are   happy   that   we   have   a   new   hairdryer   that   we   know   will   last   a   long   time   as   long   as   i   stay   away   from   disassembling   it   .   fyi ,   the   sound   the   old   one   was   making   was   no   big   deal .   i   just   felt   handy   for   an   hour   and   i   broke   it .
perfect ! !   the   best .   doesn   t   burn   ur   ears   dries   effectivly   if   it   ever   stops   working   im   coming   back   to   u   for   anotherone ..   i   luvv   it   i   luvv   it
awesome   love   love   love   this   hair   dryer   makes   my   hair   blow   out   nicely   without   the   frizz   nice   finishing   touch .   thank   you .
conair   1875   watt   vagabond   hair   dryer   i   ordered   this   for   my   craft   room   to   help   glue   dry .   i   wanted   something   small   so   it   was   easy   to   store .   it   is   the   perfect   size   and   has   two   speeds   which   makes   it   great   when   working   on   crafts .   i   do   wish   it   had   hook   or   something   from   which   i   could   hang   it .   it   arrived   on   time   in   good   packaging .   i   would   even   consider   buying   another   for   when   we   travel   because   of   it   size   and   weight .
class   act   completely   functional   br   love   it   br   small   criticism   br   the   plug   in   cord   should   be   able   to   be   shortened   easily   br   maybe   toggle   bolts   to   mount   it   would   be   better
replacement   unit   have   had   several   before ,   wife   like   the   convince   of   being   hung   on   wall .   this   is   our   third   unit ,   wish   it   was   more   durable .
nice   equipment   the   store   send   the   item   just   in   time ,   and   the   equipment   looks   and   works   nicely .   it   worth   a   try   for   anyone .
conair   124p   folding   handle   1875   watt   dryer   this   is   an   excellent   little   hairdryer !   it   is   hard   to   find   a   hairdryer   that   produces   more   than   a   weak   stream   of   air ,   and   this   one   certainly   does !   it   blows   lots   of   air   and   dries   your   hair   really   quickly .   i   ve   had   mine   for   about   a   year ,   and   it   is   still   going   strong .   i   just   bought   my   mother   one   for   her   birthday   she   loves   it   ,   as   well   as   a   second   one   for   myself   for   travel .
hot   !   not ...   if   you   re   looking   for   a   travel   blow   dryer   that   only   blows   34   luke   warm   34   air ,   then   this   is   the   one   to   get .   but   if   you   want   it   blow   hot   air   like   other   blow   dryers   do ,   this   one   won   t   do   it   for   you .
so   far   so   good   i   m   giving   this   hair   dryer   4   stars   because   i   haven   t   had   it   or   used   it   long   enough   to   see   if   there   are   long   term   issues .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   it   is   a   bit   heavy ,   though .   br   br   edit   my   hair   gets   caught   in   the   air   intake ...   it   hurts !
we   love   our   new   hangup   we   first   used   one   in   a   hotel   we   stayed   and   my   commented   that   exactly   what   we   need   for   home .   so   i   did   a   search   and   found   them   on   amazon   and   the   rest   is   history .   we   love   it .   br   br   thanks ,
dissatisfied   customer   i   have   purchased   this   t3   featherweight   luxe   hair   dryer   in   june   2013 .   br   at   first   i   was   very   pleased   with   the   drying   ability   but   now   only   four   months   later   br   the   blower   on   the   dryer   stopped   working .   i   have   sent   two   e   mails   to   the   supplier   thru   amazon   requesting   another   dryer   to   replace   this   one   but   to   date   i   have   had   no   response .   br   i   am   an   senior   citizen   with   short   hair   who   uses   a   dryer   approximately   three   times   weekly .   i   would   not   recommend   this   dryer   to   anyone .   asin   b003837v8a   t3   micro   featherweight   luxe   hair   dryer ,   2.9   pound  
the   test   of   time ....   i   was   in   a   super   big   hurry   and   tried   this   out   before   reading   the   directions   and   without   my   bathroom   mirror .   immediately   got   my   hair   stuck   in   the   intake   and   had   to   turn   it   off   and   attempt   to   use   it   later .   next   time   i   tried   it   i   made   sure   to   read   the   directions   thoroughly   and   use   the   mirror   to   get   used   to   the   air   intake   in   the   back .   my   previous   blow   dryers   have   intakes   on   the   sides .   this   in   take   is   larger   for   more   air   flow   but   you   have   to   get   used   to   keeping   it   further   away   as   it   will   suck   in   hair   as   well   as   air .   the   cover   does   come   off   easily   for   the   in   take   so   you   can   clean   it   out .   i   love   that   it   s   intended   to   last   4   years !   one   thing   i   did   notice   is   that   you   aren   t   supposed   to   store   it   in   a   damp   area   so   i   keep   it   in   my   bedroom   and   just   take   it   into   the   bathroom   as   needed .   the   intake   has   a   wire   mesh   screen   that   could   possibly   rust   so   i   appreciate   this   extra   advice .   it   does   seem   to   make   your   hair   nice   and   silky .   update   died   and   the   customer   service   was   impeccable !   thanks   remington !
love   it   !   my   old   conair   finally   burned   out   after   about   20   yrs .   i   have   been   looking   for   something   similar .   conair   now   wants   over   40.00   for   the   one   i   had .   well   im   glad   i   found   this   andis ,   its   very   similar   and   fantastic !   its   a   tad   bit   smaller   which   makes   it   easier   to   handle ,   powerful   as   hell ,   same   controls   and   a   narrow   barrel   which   concentrates   the   heat   where   i   want   it ,   not   all   over   the   place   like   these   wide   barrel   models .   nice   long   cord   too .   i   m   tempted   to   buy   another   just   in   case   they   ever   discontinued   it .   i   love   this   thing   and   for   the   price   its   a   steal   !
good   quality   i   ve   dried   my   hair   twice   with   it   and   it   made   my   hairstyle   work   easier   than   with   my   old   hairdryer   that   is   losing   it   s   power .   happy   with   the   temperatures   and   heat .
fave   hairdryer   this   is   the   3rd   one   i   ve   owned .   i   now   have   2   keep   one   in   the   guest   bathroom   .   love   the   settings ,   how   well   it   dries   my   hair   without   frizziness   and   the   variety   of   settings .
great   producy   have   been   looking   for   a   dryer   likke   this   ne   for   a   while   now   and   i   finally   found   it .   great   product   to   own
not   bad   kind   of   heavy ,   cord   sometimes   doesn   t   roll   up   all   the   way ,   not   very   powerful   but   my   hair   is   soft   when   using   it .
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   so   good   that   i   ordered   another   one   just   in   case   the   one   i   bought   4   years   ago   dies ! ,   i   have   not   had   to   use   the   new   one   yet ,   just   have   it   for   back   up .   i   can   not   be   without   this   hair   dryer   for   making   my   curly   hair   straight . use   it   with   ceramic   hairbrush   can   order   together   for   sleek   straight ,   non   frizzy   hair .
missing   an   attachment   the   hair   dryer   came   to   me   without   the   brush   attachment .   i   tried   to   obtain   the   brush   even   if   i   had   br   to   pay   for   it .   the   seller   was   not   helpful   at   all   in   me   getting   the   attachment .
very   handy   indeed   i   was   so   tired   of   having   my   hair   dryer   stored   in   a   drawer ,   with   a   cord   that   tangled   up   in   everything ..... then   i   found   this   little   wonder   and   i   m   a   happy   camper .   it   is   a   little   larger   than   those   you   find   in   hotel   rooms ,   but   it   looks   nice ,   has   a   nice   feel   in   your   hand   and   most   importantly ,   dries   your   hair   perfectly .   it   has   two   speeds   which   are   great   for   styling ,   and   a   cord   that   is   never   in   your   way .   i   really   love   this   hair   dryer .
good   product   i   bought   this   due   to   the   very   high   reviews .   i   agree .   it   is   a   great   product .   it   is   a   bit   heavy   though .   so   i   do   not   use   it   every   day
wall   mount   hair   dryer   i   love   my   wall   mount   hair   dryer .   it   s   right   there   when   i   need   it .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   to   br   all   my   friends !
conair   folding   handle   i   like   it   so   i   can   fit   it   in   a   small   draw   in   the   bathroom ,   if   it   didn   t   fold   i   couldn   t   put   it   in   draw .
worked   great   until   it   didn   t   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   in   mid   jan   2013 .   it   had   all   the   power   of   my   beloved   previous   hair   dryer ,   weighed   much   less   and   cost   less   as   well .   it   is   now   mid   october   2013 ,   a   mere   10   months   later ,   and   starting   my   brand   new   job ,   i   went   to   dry   my   hair   after   my   shower   and   it   just   wouldn   t   turn   on .   i   reset   the   dryer .   i   reset   the   outlet .   i   tested   my   curling   iron   on   the   same   outlet   and   it   turned   on .   i   tested   the   hair   dryer   on   a   different   outlet   in   another   room   and   it   still   wouldn   t   turn   on .   i   was   a   very   light   user   since   i   had   it .   i   never   left   it   out   or   even   left   it   plugged   in .   i   always   put   away   after   each   use .   the   dust   catch   on   the   back   end   was   still   not   even   dusty .   just   dead   for   no   reason .   will   be   exploring   the   12   month   limited   warranty   on   the   manual ,   but   don   t   know   what   compensation   that   will   yield .   will   have   to   go   back   to   conair   pro   ceramic   since   it   always   served   me   very   well   without   fail .
sparked   fire ! ! !   don   t   buy ! ! !   product   sparked   fire   when   turned   on   before   first   use ! ! ! ! !   very   scary .   i   will   be   returning   this   product .   and   i   repeat ... do   not   buy ! ! !
hair   dryer   works   like   a   charm .   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   to   burn   your   scalp   and   the   attachment   helps   to   better   focus   the   area   you   want   to   dry .
great   for   travel   purchase   this   hair   dryer   to   use   for   travel ,   it   folds   and   is   small   but   has   lots   of   power .   works   great
excellent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   the   wife   loves   this .   she   s   in   sales   and   is   very   particular   about   her   hair .   neatness   really   counts   in   her   business .   the   item   is   all   it   was   stated   to   be .   we   ll   packaged   delivered   on   time .   she   can   t   stop   talking   about   this   item .   she   s   telling   all   hers   friends .
great   purchase   this   blow   dryer   lives   up   to   its   claims .   dries   hair   fast   tames   frizzies   and   gives   my   fine   and   thin   hair   volume .   i   like   that   it   folds   and   it   is   very   light   weight .   i   am   a   little   worried   as   to   the   warranty   because   their   website   states   only   certain   authorized   dealers   are   covered .   amazon   is   not   one   of   them .   i   trust   that   amazon   will   stand   behind   this   sale   as   they   always   do .
as   good   as   a   commercial   hairdryer ,   but   smaller   i   love   it ! !   it   s   well   built ,   strong   stream   and   easy   to   manage   it   s   the   best   one   i   ve   ever   owned !
revised   not   all   hair   dryers   are   created   equal !   it   was   such   a   pity   to   receive   this   and   plug   it   in   only   to   find   that   it   didn   t   work .   the   lights   came   on   and   the   unit   got   hot   but   the   air   didn   t   blow .   i   was   looking   forward   to   using   this   as   the   reviews   from   others   was   outstanding .   had   to   return   it   and   didn   t   replace   it .   br   br   revised   december   1 ,   2015   br   this   new   review   is   long   overdue .   br   not   all   hair   dryers   are   created   equal !   i   never   knew   there   was   such   a   difference   a   hair   dryer   could   make   on   the   styling   of   hair .   after   i   had   returned   the   doa   hair   dryer ,   onei   beauty   contacted   me   wanting   me   to   be   happy   with   my   purchase   and   offered   to   replace   the   unit .   just   the   customer   service   was   golden   to   me   until   i   realized   their   product   was   equally   as   golden .   br   br   after   i   received   the   replacement   i   immediately   had   to   wash   and   style   my   hair .   i   can   t   believe   how   shiny   and   soft   my   hair   felt .   it   s   so   easy   to   style   my   hair   now .   and   it   s   quiet   and   light .   if   you   re   on   the   fence   in   purchasing   this   hair   dryer ,   do   not   hesitate ,   buy   it .   i   can   t   thank   you   enough ,   onei ,   for   making   me   so   happy .   sorry   it   took   so   long   to   tell   you   how   much   you   are   appreciated .
infinity   by   conair   really   pleased   with   this   blow   dryer .   quiet   and   easy   to   use .   looks   great   also   love   the   color .   love   the   retractable   cord
good   product .   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   it   s   very   light .   br   i   didn   t   really   notice   quicker   drying   times   than   my   old   chi   dryer   which   i   loved .   br   i   gave   it   to   my   daughter   and   i   got   this   one   for   myself .   good   product .
good   styler   very   good   hair   styler .   i   like   that   you   can   buy   tools   for   it   if   you   need   them .   it   has   just   the   right   amount   of   power   to   easily   dry   hair
nice   dryer !   most   of   the   b   b   s   we   stayed   in   during   our   3   week   european   trip   had   hairdryers   in   the   bathrooms   and   these   were   in   small   towns   .   however ,   i   did   use   this   hairdryer   several   times   and   really   liked   it .
dries   my   hair   quickly ,   but   a   little   heavy   a   few   things   to   note   about   this   hair   dryer   br   br   temperature   it   has   a   total   of   four   settings   br   1 .   quick   blast   cold   button   takes   about   2   3   seconds   to   get   cold   when   you   push   the   button   br   2 .   cold   temperature   setting   so   the   air   blows   cold   without   having   to   push   the   button   br   3 .   medium   warm   this   is   the   setting   i   always   use   and   it   is   plenty   warm   enough   to   dry   my   hair   very   quickly   br   4 .   ouch ,   my   scalp   is   burning   i   never   use   this   setting   because   my   hair   is   fine   and   it   s   way   too   hot   for   me   br   br   one   thing   i   really   like   about   this   hair   dryer   is   that   no   matter   what   setting   you   re   using ,   even   if   it   s   the   hottest   setting ,   the   dryer   itself   does   not   get   hot   to   the   touch   and   remains   cool .   br   br   weight   it   does   feel   a   little   heavier   than   i   m   used   to .   i   notice   the   weight   of   it   when   i   pick   it   up   and   it   feels   heavy   in   my   hand ,   but   the   ergonomic   shape   of   the   handle   allows   me   to   hold   it   right   near   the   top   so   my   arm   doesn   t   really   get   tired .   it   weighs   approximately   1   lb   11   oz   ,   which   isn   t   all   that   much   but   in   comparison   with   an   older   dryer   i   had ,   it   does   feels   like   it   weighs   more .   this   is   the   only   reason   i   took   off   a   star .   br   br   cord   long   enough   to   allow   me   to   easily   dry   my   hair   and   move   the   dryer   all   over   the   place   without   running   out   of   cord ,   but   it   doesn   t   get   tangled   or   gnarly .   it   wraps   up   quick   and   clean .   br   br   speeds   it   has   two   speed   settings ,   high   and   low .   i   use   it   on   medium   temperature   and   high   speed   and   my   shoulder   length   hair ,   which   is   also   straight   and   fine ,   can   go   from   soaking   wet   out   of   the   shower   to   dry   in   about   3   minutes .   br   br   i   couldn   t   really   tell   you   if   the   ion   action   is   working ,   because   i   don   t   have   any   way   to   really   tell ,   but   it   gets   my   hair   dry   quickly   with   lots   of   volume   and   it   feels   fairly   smooth   when   i   m   done ,   even   when   i   don   t   use   a   brush   to   blow   it   out .   i   recently   went   on   a   trip   and   left   my   dryer   at   home ,   which   meant   i   used   the   tiny   little   hair   dryer   in   the   hotel .   after   a   couple   days   of   that   i   was   very   excited   to   get   home   to   my   remington   hair   dryer .   i   am   a   mom   of   4   and   i   don   t   have   extra   time   to   waste   drying   my   hair ,   so   the   faster   it   can   get   done   the   better .   this   one   definitely   gets   the   job   done . ery   excited   to   get   home   to   my   remington   hair   dryer .   i   am   a   mom   of   4   and   i   don   t   have   extra   time   to   waste   drying   my   hair ,   so   the   faster   it   can   get   done   the   better .   this   one   definitely   gets   the   job   done .
so   so   this   hair   dryer   is   mediocre .   the   attachments   fall   off   and   the   high   low   is   difficult   to   use   while   drying   my   hair .   i   gave   it   away .
hair   dryer   this   dryer   works   fine ,   it   does   just   what   i   wanted .   the   color   is   quite   pink ,   and   it   s   very   small ,   almost   like   a   toy .   smaller   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   it   would   be   really   nice   for   a   young   girl .   it   will   be   great   for   traveling   too .   it   serves   the   purpose   for   me   and   works   fine .
worked   for   about   3   months   this   was   my   first   expensive   dryer ,   and   i   was   very   happy   with   it   initially .   after   3   months ,   the   speed   setting   stopped   working   the   dryer   only   works   on   high   now .   manufacturer   s   website   has   no   information   about   warranty .   very   disappointing .
oh   after   received ,   i   was   shocked .   br   very   heavy .   br   thanks   to   the   wind .   soon   blow   dry   my   hair .   br   but   i   don   t   have   to   buy   and   try   other   brands   of   products   in   the   united   states .
gift   bought   this   as   a   gift   and   my   wife   absolutely   loves   it .   she   says   its   the   best   hair   dryer   she   has   ever   had .   and   i   cant   complain   about   the   price .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone .
love   it   this   is   the   most   pretty   dryer   that   i   have   seen   in   a   long   time .   we   haven   t   used   it   yet , b   ut   it   looks   very   nice   and   was   a   t   a   great   price .
loved   it .   loved   it . every   dollar   i   spent   for   this   hairdryer   was   worth   it . every   diff   user   accessory   comes   with   the   hairdryer   is   better   than   the   other . especially   the   one   that   has   o   comb   in   front   is   extremely   convenient   for   hair   straitening .
love   this   dryer   i   had   one   for   a   year   or   two ,   but   i   dropped   it .   so ,   i   ordered   the   same   one .   pretty   much   perfect .   note   that   the   retractable   cord   didn   t   work   on   the   first   one   i   got ,   but   they   replaced   it   right   away .   i   love   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   style ,   and   the   ionic   drying   really   works   fast .   really   good   dryer .
hair   looks   great   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   purchase ....   my   hair   looks   great   and   drys   in   half   the   time   of   my   old   dryer   which   was   over   15   years   old .   didn   t   know   what   i   had   been   missing   by   not   having   a   tourmaline   ceramic   dryer
amazing   power   great   size ,   lots   of   power ,   perfect   size ,   great   price ,   love   the   extras ,   but   don   t   care   for   pink !   had   no   choice .
first   one   great   second   one   not   so   great !   i   used   this   same   one   in   a   hotel   in   vegas   and   it   was   amazing   my   hair   looked   just   like   i   had   it   done   at   the   salon .   so   excited   i   bought   two   one   for   me   one   for   my   sister .   mine   was   borrowed   by   a   friend   never   got   back   ordered   another   one   this   one   was   defective   bad ! ! !   i   literally   used   it   the   very   first   time   fresh   out   of   the   box   and   i   swear   there   were   sparks   coming   out   of   the   outlet .   unplugged   scared   thought   it   was   the   outlet   plugged   it   in   a   different   outlet   sparks   again   omg   anyway   i   tossed   it   in   the   garbage   wasn   t   worth   me   packaging   and   going   to   post   office   etc   and   i   was   on   vacation   and   had   to   go   buy   a   new   one   while   on   vacay .   i   loved   it   but   the   electrical   problem   was   not   good !
great   travel   dryer   i   wanted   a   hair   dryer   that   would   work   both   in   the   us   and   when   traveling   abroad .   this   dryer   functioned   well   in   europe   and   everyone   borrowed   it .   it   is   small ,   comes   with   it   s   own   zipper   storage   bag   and   is   very   light   weight .
compact   blowdryer   it   works   great ,   i   love   the   color ,   compact   style .   easy   to   work   and   handle .   it   will   travel   nicely   as   well .
power   punch   it   kicks   out   the   heat   doesn   t   take   up   space ,   neat ,   nicely   sized ,   blows   like   an   hurricane   you   ll   love   it .   needs   an   man   to   install   there   isn   t   anyway   i   could   50   year   old   women .
good   styling   tool   this   is   a   good   styling   tool   to   give   a   pre   teen   who   wants   their   own .   just   one   button   for   low   and   high   and   it   dries   hair   really   good .   there   is   also   the   button   in   the   back   for   a   shot   of   cold   air .
drys   fast   i   had   an   old   vidal   sassoon   digital   dryer ,   which   is   no   longer   being   made ,   that   finally   went   out .   i   bought   this   as   a   replacement .   i   don   t   like   it   as   well   as   the   digital ,   but   it   works .   the   hot   setting   is   almost   too   hot ,   so   i   use   medium .   still   dries   very   fast .
great   product   for   the   price   great   product   for   the   price .   cheap   and   real   strong   heat .   i   definitely   highly   recommend   this   product .   it   works   tremendously   well .
powerful   yet   quiet   this   blow   dryer   is   very   powerful .   i   thought   it   would   be   very   nosy   because   i   ve   never   had   a   home   hair   dryer   that   wasn   t   however ,   it   was   actually   pretty   quiet   for   a   hair   dryer .   br   br   there   are   two   speeds   medium   and   fast .   the   medium   is   so   powerful   i   thought   it   would   be   enough   to   dry   my   thick ,   long   hair ,   but   it   doesn   t   run   at   its   hottest   on   medium   speed .   turn   it   up   to   full   blast   though   and   it   s   as   hot   as   any   professional   hair   dryer   my   hair   dresser   uses .   br   br   it   comes   with   two   attachments   1   the   nozzle   that   directs   the   air   flow   in   a   small   space ,   which   is   great   for   styling   by   running   the   nozzle   down   a   shaft   of   hair   on   a   round   brush .   this   is   what   i   use   to   make   my   hair   straight .   2   the   round   diffuser   for   curly   hair .   scrunch   your   hair   in   front   of   it   to   diffuse   the   air   flow   and   keep   your   locks   curly .   br   br   the   on   off   switch   and   the   switch   to   change   the   temperature   are   convenient   to   use   while   drying .   br   br   the   coolest   part   is   that   it   s   red .
great   hair   dryer   drying   my   hair   has   never   required   much   time   since   i   live   in   an   arid   climate ,   yet   this   dryer   seems   to   dry   my   hair   more   quickly   to   increase   the   volume .   very   pleased   with   this   product .
love   my   new   hair   dryer   for   its   quietness !   i   just   love   my   new   hair   dryer !   my   husband   got   me   this   after   i   learned   that   i   have   some   hearing   lost .   been   using   the   dryer   everyday   for   more   than   a   month .   the   sound   from   this   dryer   is   very   soft   and   soothing   unlike   all   the   other   hair   dryers   i   ve   owned .   what   i   love   about   this   dryer   is   that   i   no   longer   have   to   go   clear   across   to   another   part   of   our   home   to   dry   my   hair   in   the   morning   when   my   family   is   still   asleep .   i   can   simply   close   my   bedroom   door   and   people   in   the   other   bedrooms   aren   t   disturbed   by   the   sound   of   my   dryer .   this   is   a   huge   plus   for   us .   this   dryer   dries   fast   and   makes   my   hair   looks   voluminous .   this   is   an   appliance   that   i   use   at   least   once   every   day ,   it   s   definitely   worth   every   penny !
so   far ,   so   good   was   pricey ,   but   so   far ,   it   is   much   better   than   anything   else   i   ve   used .   i   have   thick ,   coarse ,   wavy   hair .   drys   faster ,   feels   smoother .   i   am   impressed   that   it   does   make   such   a   difference .   i   believe   5   stars   are   very   rare ,   so   really   a   4   star   is   a   good   one .   just   need   to   see   how   long   it   lasts .
quiet   powerful !   my   husband   insisted   i   search   for   a   new ,   quiet   hairdryer   and   i   chose   this   one   based   on   all   of   the   reviews .   in   comparison   to   the   last   few   hairdryers   i   have   had   it   is   incredibly   quiet   and   it   is   also   very   powerful .   i   have   very   thick   hair   that   usually   takes   around   20   minutes   to   get   dry   and   this   has   done   it   in   half   the   time .   highly   recommend   it !
hair   dryer   it   came   on   time ,   i   have   not   use   it   yet ,   but   feel   it   will   do   what   i   need   .   i   wanted   a   comb   attachment
great   hair   dryer   my   old   hair   dryer   is   on   its   last   leg   so   having   this   remington   ac9096   silk   ceramic   ionic   ac   professional   hair   dryer   has   been   a   dream .   not   only   does   the   price   work   but   it   is   also   packed   with   features   that   really   make   my   old   hair   dryer   seem   like   something   out   of   the   past .   br   the   features   br   has   three   setting   for   hair   drying   just   like   my   old   dryer   br   drys   must   faster   then   my   old   one   br   two   cooling   air   speeds   that   can   be   used   while   drying   br   doesn   t   frizz   up   hair   after   using   my   hold   one   would   give   me   major   frizz   br   also   not   too   heavy   my   old   dryer   was   very   heavy   bulky   to   hold   the   whole   time   i   dry   my   hair   br   br   having   used   this   for   the   last   couple   of   weeks ,   i   have   to   say   how   happy   i   am   with   it .   drys   my   hair   really   fast   i   haven   t   had   any   issues .
good   heat   this   works   wonders   with   kinky   hair ,   use   it   to   straighten   hair   on   kids   after   washing .   great   that   you   can   adjust   the   heat
used   open   box   part   missing ,   not   new   as   advertised   you   get   what   you   pay   for   wason   the   verge   of   returning   product   hope   i   don   t   regret   it
conair   sb1x   bonnet   hair   dryer   bought   for   using   on   small   rolled   curlers .   the   bonnet   isn   t   the   easiest   to   get   on   and   off   for   that ,   but   it   only   takes   about   25   minutes   to   dry   most   of   the   hair   that   is   3   34   long .   sometimes   the   hose   unhooks   from   the   bonnet .   need   to   stay   still .   better   than   wearing   curlers   for   a   few   hours .
dog   approved   typical   hair   dryers   are   loud ,   not   so   with   this   remington   silk   ceramic   dryer ,   and   my   sensitive   eared   golden   retriever   is   the   proof .   he   literally   came   running   to   get   his   head   dried   after   his   bath .   so   it   s   a   pleasure   for   humans   as   well ,   with   no   piercing   whine .   br   br   this   is   my   first   ceramic   styling   tool ,   and   i   ve   found   that   my   hair   is   silky   without   frizz   and   quickly   dried   every   time ,   so   ceramic   really   does   make   a   difference .   this   is   a   sturdy ,   sleek   dryer ,   with   great   heat ,   power ,   and   cool   blast   button   for   setting   your   style .   br   br   the   only   reason   i   didn   t   rank   this   dryer   a   5   star ,   is   because   of   the   placement   design   of   the   setting   buttons .   they   are   right   where   your   fingers   wrap   around   and   hold   on ,   and   unfortunately   my   natural   grip   keeps   changing   the   settings   while   drying .   however ,   for   the   drying   performance ,   it   s   worth   the   occasional   inconvenience .
good   product   this   is   a   good   hair   dryer   for   the   money   quick   drying   time   but   it   s   a   bit   heavy   and   kind   of   loud .   i   bought   it   for   travel   but   because   of   the   weight ,   i   wouldn   t   recommend   it   for   that .   home   use   is   fine   and   it   s   compact   because   of   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   handle .   i   have   another   andis   dryer   and   believe   andis   makes   a   good   product .
best   hair   dryer   ive   owned   medium   weight ,   not   too   heavy   like   other   professional   dryers   br   easy   controls   br   dries   hair   fast !   br   no   tangle   or   twist   power   cord
two   in   the   household   now   we   now   have   two   of   this   identical   model .   the   first   one   worked   out   well   so   we   bought   another   for   a   second   bathroom .   i   can   t   speak   to   whether   it   makes   my   hair   any   shinier ,   but   it   does   a   good   job   of   drying   my   hair   and   that   s   all   i   ask   for .   it   does   have   different   settings   high ,   low ,   warm ,   cool   my   husband   uses   the   lowest   settings   to   blow   dry   the   dog .   i   have   noticed   that   the   exterior   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   my   old   dryer   so   i   don   t   have   to   be   careful   where   i   set   it   when   i   m   done .   i   have   no   idea   what   to   do   with   the   finger   curly   thingy   attachment   maybe   i   need   curly   hair   to   appreciate   its   use .
nothing   special   this   is   light   weight   and   has   a   lot   of   bells   and   whistles .   however ,   for   smoothing   hair ,   i   thing   the   babylis   pro   babtt5585   tourmaline   titanium   3000   dryer   reg   and   travel ,   are   much   better .
so   far ,   so   good   this   model   is   a   little   bigger   than   our   older   wall   mount   blow   dryer .   i   like   the   smaller   size   better ,   but   needed   to   go   with   something   that   might   last   longer .   the   on   off   switch   for   this   model   is   on   the   hanger   the   wall   mount   and   not   on   the   dryer   itself .   i   prefer   the   switch   to   be   on   the   handle   of   the   dryer .   those   details   aside ,   the   force   and   heat   of   the   dryer   is   excellent   for   its   size .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   i   m   happy   with   this   dryer .   will   have   to   wait   to   see   what   its   longevity   is .
quality   product   perfect   size   for   home   use !   we   have   one   in   our   rv   and   bought   one   for   our   home .   this   is   a   quality   product !
broke   within   2   months   usage   the   hair   dryer   worked   very   well ,   until   the   cool   shot   button   got   stuck   and   now   there   is   only   cold   air   emitted .   next ,   the   hair   dryer   kept   tripping   the   circuit   and   blowing   the   circuit .   it   s   a   shame   since   the   dryer   was   quick .   don   t   buy   this   unless   you   want   to   replace   your   hair   dryer   in   a   couple   of   months .
loved   it   and   then   kaput   after   6   months   exceeded   my   expectations   while   it   worked .   i   read   the   reviews   about   the   hair   dryer   suddenly   dying ,   but   gambled   that   it   wouldn   t   happen   to   me .   wrong .   turned   it   on   this   morning   and   nothing   happened .   completely   dead .   i   will   contact   remington   but   don   t   expect   the   problem   will   be   remedied .   br   br   oh   well ,   the   search   continues .
just   what   i   wanted   this   hair   dryer   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .   it   looks   great   in   our   bathroom   and   i   like   the   way   the   cord   stays   on   the   hook .   no   more   getting   the   cord   caught   in   the   drawer !   the   night   light   is   a   soft   green   and   just   the   right   amount   of   light   in   the   bathroom   at   night   to   see   where   you   are   going .
she   s   in   love   with   it .   my   wife   loves   it .   she   has   evev   reconended   to   familes   and   friend .   the   item   has   meat   all   expectations .   thank   you
too   heavy   for   me   i   returned   it ,   no   questions   asked .   not   only   was   it   too   heavy   for   me ,   it   also   blew   too   hot   for   me   on   low .
great   hair   dryer !   my   faithful   old   hair   dryer   blew   out   its   last   breath   and   this   one   has   taken   its   place .   the   heft   is   perfect   and   well   balanced .   with   3   heat   settings   none   of   which   are   as   hot   as   my   old   one   and   2   speeds ,   this   dryer   makes   short   work   of   drying   my   medium   length   slightly   wavy   hair .   in   order   to   give   it   a   fair   trial ,   we   used   the   diffuser   and   dried   my   granddaughter   s   waist   length   curly   red   hair .   also   swiftly   done ,   and   the   curls   remained   intact .   i   hope   this   dryer   has   as   long   a   life   as   my   old   one   because   i   really   like   it !
fantastic   when   it   comes   to   hair   dryers ,   i   have   to   be   the   weirdest   person   ever .   i   absolutely   hate   spending   money   on   something   that   blows   hot   air .   i   will   buy   expensive   shampoo   and   hair   products ,   but   i   just   can   t   spend   the   money   on   a   dryer .   with   that   being   said ,   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   normally   keep   my   hair   wrapped   in   a   towel   and   then   blow   dry   after   i   ve   applied   my   make   up .   today   i   decided   to   blow   dry   before   applying   my   make   up ,   and   it   took   me   3   minutes   and   28   seconds   to   go   from   soaking   wet   to   dry .   obviously   not   everyone   will   have   the   same   results .   i   have   fine   hair   and   it   is   rather   long ,   it   hangs   about   2   inches   past   my   bra   strap   in   the   back .   if   you   have   thicker   hair ,   it   will   probably   require   a   longer   dry   time .   it   really   does   cut   down   on   my   hair   drying   time .   i   went   from   around   15   20   minutes   to   3   minutes   and   28   seconds .   br   br   as   far   as   the   construction   of   the   actual   dryer .   eh .   it   feels   very   cheap .   i   m   curious   to   see   if   it   will   last   more   than   a   few   months .
very   nice   dryer !   light   weight   and   very   smoothing ,   still   giving   my   hair   body .   great   color ,   too !   dries   quickly   and   easy   to   hold   and   turn .
doesn   t   last   everything   was   great   for   about   6   month ,   the   it   stop   working ,   why   they   keep   selling   a   product   that   only   last   6   months   ,   better   to   take   them   from   the   market   entirely   and   replace   it   with   on   that   works   longer   even   id   it   is   more   expensive .   one   thing   is   certain ,   i   will   not   buy   a   remington   drier   ever ! !
for   when   packing   lite   nice   lite   and   compact   design ,   perfect   for   traveling   in   europe   on   rail   or   rental   car   when   you   have   to   pack   lite
fast ,   efficient ,   not   a   blaster   i   have   long   fine   hair .   i   very   rarely   use   a   hairdryer ,   but   when   camping ,   traveling   etc   there   is   a   need .   having   dual   voltage   is   a   plus .   this   one   is   simple ,   reliable ,   dries   my   hair   nicely   on   low ,   and   in   short   does   what   it   should   do .   really   like   the   supplied   cone   for   directed   drying .
great   dryer   it   works   well   and   dries   my   hair   in   a   short   amount   of   time ... light   weight   too .   also   like   that   i   can   hang   it   up .
hot   i   have   only   used   this   hair   dryer   twice .   the   dryer   gets   just   as   hot   as   the   ones   in   the   salon
we   ordered   4   these   are   on   the   wall   on   our   bathrooms   they   look   great   were   easy   to   install   and   use .   they   really   help   to   clean   up   the   clutter .
hose   problems   the   hose   falls   off   the   cap   a   lot .   it   is   easy   to   store   and   travel   with .   the   hose   is   hard   to   get   to   stay   on   the   cap .   it   keeps   falling   off .   took   about   5   7   minutes   to   get   it   to   the   point   where   it   stays   on   the   cap .   hose   is   short   too .
are   you   worth   it   if   it   s   possible   to   have   a   love   affair   with   a   hair   dryer ,   this   would   be   the   one .   the   dryer   s   best   feature   is   how   quiet   it   is   compared   to   the   many   that   i   have   owned   over   the   past ,   well   let   s   just   say   4   decades .   the   other   advantages   are   the   multiple   heat   cool   settings ,   length   of   the   power   cord   and   the   cool   shot   button .   all   controls   are   arranged   conveniently   so   you   don   t   mistakenly   flip   the   wrong   switch   while   using .   dries   my   color   treated   fine   shoulder   length   hair   with   little   or   no   frizz   and   have   actually   cut   back   by   at   least   half ,   the   use   of   anti   frizz   and   shine   boosting   products   so   think   of   the   savings   there .   only   thing   i   would   change   are   the   lack   of   detail   in   the   instruction   manual ,   but   thanks   to   this   review   section   it   s   not   really   needed .   you   won   t   be   disappointed .
good   hair   dryer   replacing   an   old   one .   works   well   just   not   quite   as   lightweight   or   as   hot   as   my   old   one .   would   recommend ,   though .
nice   hair   dryer   i   had   another   andis   product   that   failed   after   11   months   but   it   was   no   longer   available .   returned   it   to   andis   and   they   replaced   it   with   this   model .   nice   features   extra   long   9   10   rubber   cord   which   will   hold   up   better   than   the   usual   6   vinyl   cords .   i   usually   avoid   these   high   velocity   dryers   because   they   typically   have   a   loud ,   high   pitched   whine   that   can   damage   hearing .   this   one   does   not .   very   low   pitch ,   acceptable   noise   level .   nice   product   two   speeds ,   3   heats   plus   a   cool   button .
broke   after   3   months   of   use   1   2   times   a   week   for   less   than   5   minutes .   i   am   really   disappointed   that   i   can   t   return   this   now .   every   time   i   wanted   to   use   it   i   had   to   press   the   reset   button ,   which   was   doable .   but   today ,   it   wouldn   t   even   turn   on .   i   heard   a   faint   buzz   sound   and   smelled   a   toxic   chemical   smell   as   if   something   was   burning   though   i   saw   no   smoke .   waste   of   money .
excellent   value .   item   received   as   advertised .   compact .   efficient   this   is   a   really   nice   hair   dryer .   handle   folds   as   advertised   and   cord   retract   works .   fits   nicely   into   a   travel   bag .   price   performance   is   excellent   and   recommend   as   a   good   value   worth   the   investment .
great   product   and   customer   satisfaction   i   needed   to   replace   my   dryer   quickly   as   the   dog   chewed   the   plug   off   of   the   cord   of   the   old   one .   based   on   reviews ,   i   ordered   the   onei   dryer .   it   is   lightweight ,   quiet   !   and   really   can   get   hot   so   less   drying   time .   i   am   quite   pleased   with   it .   and   the   seller   even   sent   a   follow   up   email   to   ensure   my   satisfaction   with   the   product .   i   call   that   excellent   customer   satisfaction ! !
love   it !   great   price ,   great   product .   and   i   love   the   retractable   cord ! !   comes   with   the   two   attachments   that   work   great !   buy   this   one !
short   lifespan   this   product   burned   out   after   about   7   months   of   once   a   day ,   short   usage .   it   is   not   reliable   as   this   is   the   second   and   last   one   i   have   owned .
not   heavy ,   button   placement   is   fine   i   chose   this   hair   dryer   simply   because   i   saw   in   a   news   article   that   it   was   highly   rated   and   i   love   it .   not   sure   why   reviews   are   about   the   button   placement   and   weight .   i   am   like   such   a   baby   with   heavy   items   and   this   is   fine .   as   for   the   buttons ,   you   get   used   to   it   after   a   couple   of   uses .   great   product   and   it   definitely   dries   faster   and   is   pretty !
good ,   but   i   m   not   blown   away   pardon   my   pun   in   the   title ,   but   i   m   not   overly   impressed   by   this   blow   dryer .   the   first   thing   i   noticed   when   i   took   it   out   of   the   box   was   it   s   weight .   it   s   quite   heavy ,   and   much   heavier   than   my   last   two   blow   dryers .   i   don   t   know   if   i   ll   get   tired   of   holding   something   heavier ,   but   i   am   hoping   that   it   s   an   indication   of   quality .   br   br   i   do   like   the   three   heat   settings ,   two   air   speeds   and   the   cool   shot   of   air ,   which   can   be   used   while   drying .   it   is   quieter   than   my   last   dryer ,   which   was   a   conair   with   the   same   wattage .   the   dryer   is   a   little   awkward   to   hold ,   however ,   and   i   had   trouble   changing   heat   and   speed   while   holding   it   midair   and   drying   my   hair .   it   did   dry   my   hair   faster   but   not   by   much .   i   used   both   attachments   to   see   how   they   work   and   diffuser   worked   like   it   should   giving   curl   without   the   frizz .   i   had   trouble   getting   the   concentrator   attachment   on   the   end ,   and   then   it   blew   off   the   dryer   both   times   that   i   used   it .   i   don   t   know   if   mine   just   doesn   t   fit   well ,   but   that   was   a   little   annoying .   br   br   it   may   seem   like   i   m   being   knitpicky   in   this   review ,   but   i   m   just   trying   to   cover   all   the   bases   for   a   blow   dryer .   after   saying   all   that ,   it   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do   dry   my   hair .   if   it   lasts   longer   than   my   last   two   blow   dryers ,   then   i   ll   be   really   happy .
could   be   great ,   but ...   i   purchased   this   because   i   wanted   a   wall   mounted   dryer   with   sufficient   power   to   dry   my   shoulder   length   hair .   i   liked   the   cord   storage   and   night   light   features ,   as   well   as   the   fact   that   we   could   use   it   on   1200   or   1600w   settings   based   on   who   in   the   family   is   using   it .   it   seemed   to   have   the   ingredients   for   a   great   little   wall   mounted   dryer .   however ,   the   dryer   keeps   shutting   itself   off   motor   just   stops   blowing   when   i   dry   my   hair   for   more   than   3   4   minutes .   once   it   cools   down   for   a   minute   or   two   it   starts   again ,   but   i   have   to   tell   you ,   this   is   a   seriously   annoying   problem .   i   would   not   buy   this   again ,   and   am   pretty   disappointed .
does   the   job ... barely .   so   the   bad   news   is   that   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   i   would   prefer .   it   barely   gets   the   job   done   and   i   m   a   guy   w   short   thinning   hair .   i   am   sure   ladies   w   thick ,   long ,   wet   hair   will   require   more   time   drying   w   this   dryer .   br   br   the   s   are   that   it   s   simple ,   compact ,   has   a   good   working   retractable   cord   has   a   deeper   air   flow   sound   that   is   easier   on   the   ears   than   a   high   pitched   blow   dryer .
great   dryer !   this   is   a   great   dryer .   it   is   the   second   i   ve   put   in   our   home .   this   one   has   just   the   right   power   and   heat ! !
conair   1875   watt   hair   dryer   i   have   used   a   conair   dryer   before   and   liked   it .   the   last   one   a   had   lasted   about   13   years ,   so   i   thought   i   would   go   with   the   conair   br   again ,   and   i   haven   t   been   disappointed .
expensive ,   but   worth   it ! ! ! !   i   love   this   blow   dryer ! ! !   i   have   never   really   put   much   thought   into   the   types   of   blow   dryers   i   have   used   in   the   past .   i   thought   severe   breakage ,   damage   and   dry   hair   were   the   negatives   that   came   with   the   territory .   boy ,   was   i   wrong ! ! !   this   blow   dryer   dries   my   hair   really   fast   and   the   results   are   great !   my   hair   is   much   silkier   and   not   dry   at   all !   i   can   almost   skip   the   flat   iron ,   and   i   have   really   course   curly   hair ! ! !   i   have   used   the   dryer   twice   so   far   and   my   breakage   has   been   reduced   dramatically ! ! !   this   dryer   is   lightweight   and   i   love   the   2   concentrator   nozzles   that   come   with   it !   the   cord   is   nice   and   long   as   well ! ! !   although   it   was   expensive ,   i   think   i   have   found   a   winner ! ! !   my   old   34   chi   34   can   t   touch   this ! ! !
perfect !   i   got   exactly   what   i   needed !   the   product   was   absolutely   perfect   and   matched   the   exact   description   on   the   product   information .   purchased   it   online   and   then   saw   it   in   the   store   for   almost   double   the   price   as   it   was   here   great   buying   experience .
above   average   dryer !   this   dryer   is   actually   and   excellent   value   for   what   it   is   being   sold   for   on   amazon   about   28   .   the   power   and   heat   control   is   a   good   as   units   i   have   paid   over   50   for .   the   shape   is   good   and   it   feels   very   comfortable   in   my   hand .   i   have   fairly   short   hair   so   i   don   t   need   to   use   the   attachments   but   they   come   in   handy   for   those   with   long   strands   that   need   to   isolate   and   concentrate   the   air .   the   switches   make   the   heat   easy   to   adjust ,   making   it   good   for   drying   a   pet   i   try   to   not   use   heat   to   dry   my   dog   .   overall   a   good   unit .
good   one   my   20   yr   old   dryer   died   and   i   replaced   it   with   this   one .   it   is   wonderful .   works   well   and   the   heat   settings   are   easy   to   change .
nifty   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   to   take   with   me   when   i   travel   as   the   one   i   had   used   before   did   not   have   the   ionic   thing .   i   had   not   even   tried   it   out   for   myself   when   my   grandson   took   it   and   uses   it   every   day .   he   raves   about   it ,   so   i   guess   if   a   picky   18   year   old   likes   it ,   then   there   is   nothing   more   to   be   said !   the   cord   really   does   retract   quickly ,   so   watch   out !
conair   hairdryer   perfect   for   me !   this   is   my   second   conair   ionic   hairdryer .   this   was   exactly   what   i   wanted   and   was   not   disappointed .   love   the   retractable   cord ,   the   folding   handle   and   the   120   220   option   for   traveling .
works   really   well   this   hair   dryer   is   really   quiet   compared   to   what   i   m   used   to ,   which   is   great .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   but   hasn   t   over   dried   it   i   have   really   fine   hair   .   it   s   also   pretty   light   compared   to   my   last   hair   dryer .   the   only   issue   i   have   with   it   is   i   sometimes   accidentally   hit   the   off   button   or   the   temperature   setting   as   i   m   using   it .   these   buttons   are   located   on   the   side   of   the   handle   and   if   you   re   not   careful   you   can   easily   switch   your   settings   or   shut   off   your   dryer .   since   this   is   only   a   minor   inconvenience   i   gave   it   four   stars   because   other   than   what   i   just   mentioned ,   this   hair   dryer   works   great !
great   for   travel   compact   and   powerful .   br   this   hairdryer   works   great   on   220   v   in   europe   it   has   both   34   low   34   and   34   high   34   setting   available .
i   needed   a   small   dyer   and   this   is   perfect   my   5   year   old   is   taking   on   more   responsibility   with   her   personal   care .   my   hairdryer   was   much   too   big   and   heavy   for   her   to   manage   on   her   own .   i   found   this   dryer   and   it   is   absolutely   perfect !   it   is   lightweight   and   the   right   size   for   her   little   hands .   she   loves   the   color   and   the   zebra   storage   pouch   it   comes   with .   one   minor   complaint   is   that   the   high   setting   is   loud   and   quite   shrill   a   much   higher   pitch   than   my   blow   dryer .
just   like   the   hotels   perfect   in   our   bathrooms .   very   powerful   and   works   great .   we   have   these   in   all   bathrooms .   i   have   bought   these   as   gifts   and   people   just   love   them .   mounting   is   easy   and   just   plug   it   in .
so   so   ok   for   the   price ..   nothing   special .   i   wish   i   would   have   chose   something   else ..   take   too   long   to   dry   my   hair
great !   handy ,   dual   voltage   good   for   foreign   travel ,   compact ,   nice   overall   design .   this   is   a   great   product .   i   bought   one   first   and   it   stopped   working   for   some   reason .   amazon   replaced   it   right   away .   excellent   service !
i   was   happy   with   it .   it   works   good   but   overheats   and   shuts   off   for   a   while .   it   works   well   for   what   i   need .   i   love   the   night   light .
what   a   waste   of   money !   bought   2   of   these   hair   dryers .   the   first   one   lasted   a   year   then   the   fan   blades   started   to   crack   and   then   the   blades   would   rub   on   the   housing .   thinking   it   was   because   i   dropped   it   and   cracked   the   fan   blades   i   bought   another .   this   one   lasted   3   months   same   thing .   i   will   never   buy   conair   again !
excellent   cutomer   service   i   love   it   the   product   works   great .   it   is   not   loud   and   it   gets   really   hot .   it   was   definitely   worth   the   buy .   fast   shipping   too
compact ,   lightweight ,   and   durable   i   originally   purchased   this   model   to   take   on   a   trip   to   ireland   since   my   luggage   space   was   limited   and   the   infiniti   was   lightweight   and   compact .   it   quickly   became   my   go   to   hairdryer   and   i   now   use   it   everyday .   i   have   short   hair   and   find   the   lower   setting   is   sufficient   to   dry   my   hair   without   over   drying   it .   because   it   is   so   lightweight   i   was   initially   concerned   that   it   might   not   hold   up   to   daily   use   but   2   1   2   years   later ,   the   hair   dryer   is   still   going   strong .   because   i   travel   frequently   i   ordered   a   second   dryer   to   keep   in   my   traveling   bag .
no   pro   in   this   model   for   drying   hair   it   does   work   very   well   and   does   not   give   off   ozone ,   which   is   good   if   you   have   asthma   or   other   respiratory   sensitivities .   believe   it   or   not ,   but   another   ionizing   hair   dryer   caused   my   eyes   to   water   and   wheezing .   i   could   barely   sleep   until   my   girlfriend   happened   across   some   information   that   said   the   ionizing   hair   dryers   can   cause   this .   when   she   purchased   this   hair   dryer   my   asthma   problems   stopped .   unfortunately ,   i   have   to   knock   several   stars   off   this   product   because   the   on   off   switch   has   already   failed ,   which   was   pretty   disappointing .
great   item   dryer   works   great   and   it   easy   to   use   and   the   built   in   night   light   in   really   a   nice   addition .   i   really   like   this   item
inexpensive ,   light   weight ,   does   the   job   came   super   quick   thanks   amazon !   and   was   a   good   price !   this   just   was   more   convenient   to   me   than   going   to   my   local   target   and   looking   through   their   whole   selection ,   the   reviews   on   amazon   can   be   so   helpful !   br   br   its   fairly   light   weight ,   not   too   noisy ,   and   seems   to   work   just   fine .   my   previous   model   was   very   simliar ,   a   revalon .   i   see   no   difference   between   the   two .   i   m   sure   the   soft   touch   material   will   eventually   peel   off   like   my   previous   one   did   but   that   doesn   t   really   concern   me !
my   favorite   dryer   really   like   this   dryer   my   cousin   has   the   same   one   but   hers   is   silver   br   br   now   i   don   t   have   to   go   to   her   house ,   just   to   blow   dry   my   hair   now   lol  
i   like   it   just   arrived ,   although   its   cheap ,   it   is   good   value   for   money ,   lots   of   settings   to   choose   from ,   dried   my   hair   evenly ,   great   buy .
great   product   this   blow   dryer   has   been   really   great .   the   only   reason   i   did   not   give   it   the   full   5   stars   is   because   the   matte   film   on   the   dryer   has   begun   to   peel   off .   as   far   as   the   function ,   the   blow   dryer   is   really   handy   and   useful .
good   for   the   price   this   blow   dryer   is   amazing   for   it   s   price .   i   wanted   to   buy   an   expensive   34   better   34   blow   dryer ,   but   my   finances   would   not   allow   that   and   i   settle   on   this   one .   i   am ,   however ,   grateful   i   chose   to   buy   this   blow   dryer .   it   has   3   heat   settings ,   cool ,   warm   and   hot   which   is   nice   because   i   can   put   it   on   the   heat   setting   which   fits   my   hair   the   best .   it   is   not   ridiculously   loud   like   some   of   the   previous   blow   dryers   i   ve   own   and   the   cord   is   sufficiently   long .   i   would   recommend   buying   this   blow   dryer ,   even   over   an   expensive   34   better   34   one   because   i   feel   like   it   works   just   as   well   as   some   of   the   other   more   expensive   hair   dryers   i   ve   owned   over   the   years .
quality   product   this   hair   dryer   works   great !   my   hair   is   dry   in   half   the   time   and   it   s   much   quieter   than   my   old   2500   watt   con   air .
great   purchase !   this   dryer   was   recommended   by   my   hairstylists .   it   really   does   make   drying   time   fast .   you   won   t   be   disappointed   with   this   blow   dryer .
excellent   very   good ! !   i   bought   it   for   my   wife   and   she   loves   it ! !   i   v   been   buying   them   for   a   couple   of   years ,   great   service !
pro   product   with   great   results   i   didn   t   know   there   was   a   difference   between   cheap   dryers   and   a   professional   dryer .   i   have   medium   length ,   not   thick   but   not   thin   blonde   hair .   it   drys   quickly ,   the   condition   of   my   hair   feels   like   my   hairdresser   dried   my   hair .   i   am   pleasantly   surprised   by   my   findings .   love   the   dryer !
did   not   have   all   the   functions   of   reg   hand   held   !   dogs   to   work   as   well   as   my   hand   held   conair   and   doesn   t   have   button   to   stop   heat   and   just   blow   air   .   disappointed   in   the   functions   .   steve   allen
just   what   i   need   i   am   not   picky   on   my   driers ,   how   ever   the   bigger   i   have   always   think   the   more   strengh   it   has ,   so   it   is   heavy ,   but   i   like   it .
quick   and   quick   that   s   right   makes   blowdrying   pre   flat   ironing   so   quick .   br   being   a   curly   head ,   i   usually   spend   a   solid   hour   straightening   my   hair .   br   br   this   product   with   a   keratin   spray   cuts   the   time   into   half ,   and   leaves   my   hair   feeling   soft   all   day   long .
conair   hair   dryer   great   hairdryer ,   lots   of   power ,   lightweight ,   retractable   cord ,   the   color   is   great   and   its   the   best   dryer   i   ve   purchased .   i   don   t   know   why   i   have   to   add   more   words   to   my   review .   a   few   words   should   be   sufficient ! !
what   a   pleasant   surprise   fine   product   matched   with   wonderful   customer   service   i   have   used   this   product   for   several   years   on   trips   outside   the   us   mostly   in   europe   and   israel .   this   is   a   very   fine   product   with   three   important   factors   br   br   1600   watt .   at   this   lower   wattage ,   i   have   never   had   a   problem   with   foreign   electrical   power   in   any   room   i   have   rented .   br   br   dual   voltage .   since   its   a   travel   hair   dryer   i   would   suggest   you   keep   voltage   at   220 .   i   kept   switching   it   every   time   i   came   back   to   us   and   apparently   the   switch   broke .   see   customer   service   below .   br   br   customer   service .   after   2   years   of   use ,   they   said   no   problem   and   replaced   the   hair   dryer   immediately .   br   br   i   wish   every   company   was   as   consumer   friendly   as   andis   and   stood   behind   their   products   as   they   do .
not   so   great   so   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   in   march   2013   and   i   need   a   new   one   already .   while   it   worked   it   was   good   but   then   things   went   wrong   as   i   dry   my   hair   i   see   a   spark   like   when   you   pull   a   plug   out   of   the   wall .   i   don   t   know   if   it   is   because   i   use   a   metal   brush   but   it   snaps   and   then   sparks   not   so   great .
excellent   buy   very   good   buy   is   what   i   was   looking   for   gifts ,   it   is   in   very   good   condition   and   i   have   no   complaints ,   thanks .
wonderful   travel   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   for   travelling   and   don   t   use   it   at   home   and   i   love   it .   it   is   very   light   weight   and   small   when   folded .   this   is   important   to   me   as   i   have   started   travelling   using   only   a   21   rolling   bag   for   shorter   trips   and   the   21   bag   plus   a   carry   on   for   trips   longer   than   a   week .   when   trying   to   save   space   and   weight ,   every   bit   helps .   br   br   i   have   used   it   for   several   trips   and   absolutely   love   it .   i   use   it   on   the   low   setting   plus   add   a   diffuser   and   it   dries   my   hair   as   well   as   the   large   one   i   use   when   at   home .   br   br   would   definitely   buy   again .
panasonic   from   japan ,   product   that   trust   my   wife   was   looking   for   a   high   quality   hair   dryer   for   a   long   time .   finally ,   we   found   what   she   was   looking   for .   panasonic   from   japan ,   product   that   trust  
great   this   was   a   top   beauty   buy   of   2012   and   it   is   a   cheap   and   great   buy   for   a   hair   dryer   works   great   buy   and   deal
it   s   okay   i   received   this   little   blow   dryer   for   christmas .   my   hair   is   long ,   thick   and   layered ,   and   it   has   to   be   mostly   dry   for   this   to   work .   the   attachments   don   t   have   any   purpose   than   to   clutter   up   the   little ,   useless   bag .   when   i   was   blow   drying   my   two   sisters   hair ,   it   over   heated   and   stopped   working .   it   also   gives   off   a   burning   smell   when   used   on   high .
small ,   works   well ,   but   not   durable   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   two   years   ago ,   and   it   worked   great   for   its   tiny   size .   however ,   after   flipping   the   voltage   switch   to   220   for   trips   abroad   and   then   back   to   120   for   domestic   trips   several   times ,   the   switch   got   misaligned   and   it   was   stuck   on   220 .   i   figured   i   d   just   have   to   keep   it   at   that   setting ,   as   it   still   worked   okay .   but   a   week   later   the   entire   handle   fell   apart   in   my   hand .
very   good   dryer   we   had   an   oster   wall   dryer   for   10   years   and   it   finally   died .   this   new   one   fit   our   old   oster   wall   plate   for   easy   installation .   power   cord   can   be   fitted   to   correct   length   so   you   won   t   have   any   excess   cord   laying   around .   dryer   is   strong   and   not   extremely   noisy
worked   for   almost   a   year .   i   bought   this   in   late   august   2012 .   i   take   very   good   care   of   my   hair   products   and   this   barely   lasted   a   year .   recently   it   has   overheated   very   quickly   and   today   it   went   out   and   started   smoking   from   the   inside   and   through   the   cord .   pretty   disappointing   that   it   didn   t   last   more   than   a   year   but   you   get   what   you   pay   for .
powerful   it   s   powerful   hair   dryer .   and   there   re   many   buttoms   to   secure   the   user   s   safty .   i   like   it .   br   while ,   it   s   a   little   noisy .
love   it   best   hairdryer   ever   my   only   complaint   is   that   mine   cracked   after   a   year .   but   it   still   works   so   i   guess   not   a   problem .
very   good   i   do   not   speak   english ,   but   i   ll   try ,   very   good   product ,   works   well ,   has   the   necessary   heat   levels ,   i   have   not   submitted   any   flaw ,   i   recommend ,   is   light ,   not   heavy ,   my   experience   has   been   good   with   this   product .
great   hair   dryer .   .. only   this   dryer   has   3   sppeds   which   i   love   and   it   has   a   button   for   cool   shot .   i   found   the   location   of   the   button   was   a   little   difficult   for   me   but   after   a   while   i   got   used   to   it .
customer   i   am   very   happy   with   this   hairdryer .   it   is   very   powerful .   i   have   a   long   hair   and   it   usually   takes   me   a   lot   of   time   to   dry   my   hair ,   but   with   this   hairdryer   i   m   done   for   5   min .   it   is   also   very   light   and   comfortable .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product .
not .   it   is   not   light   weight ,   and   does   not   blow   dry   hair   fast .   the   only   thing   it   has   going   for   it   is   it   s   quieter   than   the   one   i   have .   br   i   was   looking   for   a   good   lightweight   blow   dryer .   it   does   not   compare   to   the   t3
good !   good ,   dry   fast ,   except   for   the   size !   it   is   too   big   to   take   it   on   travel   it   can   t   be   folded .
not   its   predecessor   i   owned   the   model   before   this   one   for   about   8   years .   it   was   fantastic   and   worked   as   well   as   it   did   the   day   i   bought   it ,   until   its   coil   lit   up   and   a   curl   of   smoke   came   out   the   blower .   alas ,   it   was   a   sad   day .   i   specifically   bought   this   one   based   on   the   performance   of   the   other ,   and   it   s   not   lived   up   to   par ,   by   a   long   shot .   br   br   i   bought   this   dryer   6   months   ago   and   the   retractable   cord   already   doesn   t   work .   that   s   the   whole   reason   i   wanted   this   model .   this   one   is   heavier ,   hotter ,   and   the   cool   shot   is   really   just   warm .   not   to   mention ,   it   s   hot   pink .   br   br   in   all ,   i   m   very   disappointed   with   this   dryer ,   and   will   look   for   another   retractable   one   next   time .   i   don   t   recommend   getting   this   one ,   if   that   is   the   feature   luring   you .   br   br   update   sept   2014   br   this   hairdryer   totally   died   a   month   ago .   i   d   had   it   18   whole   months ,   and   it   completely   quit   working .   no   fireworks ,   no   warning ,   just   plugged   it   in ,   and   nothing .   i   tried   several   outlets   throughout   the   house ,   and   it   would .   not .   work .   br   br   i   contacted   conair ,   and   based   on   its   model   number ,   which   indicated   it   was   well   within   warranty ,   they   would   replace   it   for   free ,   sort   of .   i   had   to   pay   15   in   shipping   to   return   it   to   them .   i   think   that   s   totally   bogus ,   given   that   the   unit   shouldn   t   have   had   any   problems   in   that   timeframe .   hopeful ,   i   sent   it   along .   in   about   three   weeks ,   they   sent   me   another   dryer   same   model .   br   br   having   used   the   only   other   dated   dryer   i   had   in   the   house   during   that   three   weeks ,   i   can   firmly   attest   that   all   dryers   are   not   created   equally .   i   recall   now   why   i   i   loved   the   predecessor   of   this   dryer ,   and   this   one ,   before   it   became   problematic .   it   s   quieter ,   the   temperature   is   more   controllable ,   it   s   well   vented   and   easily   cleaned .   also ,   the   refinement   attachments   actually   fit   the   former   model ,   snugly .   they   fall   off   this   one   the   one   from   the   deceased   predecessor ,   and   the   one   that   came   with   this   replacement .   it   s   virtually   no   use   to   me   without   the   attachments .   br   br   but   honestly ,   i   am   not   motivated   to   rate   it   any   higher ,   because   i   don   t   have   faith   this   one   will   last .   that   it   works   well   is   only   part   of   what   makes   a   product   great .   longevity   is   part   of   the   equation ,   as   well . i   am   not   motivated   to   rate   it   any   higher ,   because   i   don   t   have   faith   this   one   will   last .   that   it   works   well   is   only   part   of   what   makes   a   product   great .   longevity   is   part   of   the   equation ,   as   well .
satisfied   hair   stylist .   good   power .   light   weight .   nice   long   cord .   only   drawback   is   cool   shot   button   is   sensitive   and   in   awkward   place .   otherwise   great   dryer ! !
love   it ! ! !   i   am   a   woman   of   color   and   i   have   to   say   i   am   very ,   very   impressed   with   this   dryer .   rarely   can   i   just   buy   a   product   like   this   one   that   actually   works   on   my   hair   especially   when   i   have   to   do   it   myself   and   i   have   a   very   nice   grade   of   hair   .   it   get   really   hot   and   actually   drys   the   roots   and   straightens   my   hair .   i   wish   i   could   say   that   for   the   numerous   curling   irons   i   ve   bought .   the   one   34   con   34   i   have   is   that   if   you   are   not   proficient   in   drying   your   own   hair   with   this   type   of   dryer   you   can   get   burned   and   you   should   take   your   jewelry   off .   i   suggest   you   get   some   kind   of   attachment   to   put   on   the   dryer   to   assist   in   drying   your   hair .
high   quality   product ,   but   hard   to   switch   btwn   levels   of   heat   and   wind   got   this   product   2   weeks   till   now ,   everything   works   out   fine ,   while   the   switcher   is   too   flat   and   thus   hard   to   switch ,   for   example ,   you   will   need   to   push   very   hard   to   switch   from   low   to   mid   wind .   this   might   be   a   design   problem   of   this   product .
so   far ,   so   great   i   received   this   a   day   ago   and   it   works   well ,   is   quiet   and   my   hair   is   still   on   my   head ..... i   really   like   the   controls !   it   works   like   a   charm !
very   nice   hair   dryer   this   is   a   nice   basic   dryer .   i   don   t   like   the   huge   dryers ,   so   i   bought   this   for   home   use   to   replace   a   similar   sized   one   that   i   ve   had   for   15   years   but   was   really   ugly .   aaaaaand ,   it   dries   my   hair ,   so   no   complaints   there .   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   about   it   as   compared   to   my   old   jungle   print   dryer   is   how   loud   it   is .   on   high   this   thing   is   like   a   rocket   taking   off ,   so   i   wouldn   t   suggest   it   if   you   often   blow   dry   your   hair   at   three   in   the   morning .
quieter   than   most   and   gets   the   job   done   i   don   t   like   that   high   pitched   whine   that   comes   from   some   blow   dryers .   i   had   to   rely   on   reviews   here   to   feel   comfortable   enough   to   make   this   purchase ,   so   i   am   returning   the   favor .   br   br   this   blow   dryer   is   sturdy ,   substantial   and   quieter   than   any   dryer   i   have   owned   previously .   the   price   was   reasonable   and   the   shipping   prompt .   note   it   doesn   t   fold   for   travel ,   but   that   wasn   t   a   factor   for   me .
good   hair   dryer .   works   well   hair   dryer   works   fine   and   is   powerful .   however   it   is   a   bit   loud   and   the   retractable   cord   is   a   bit   difficult   to   use   at   first .
not   good   does   not   last .   i   bought   two   and   they   both   burned   out   in   a   few   months   time .   it   was   waste   of   money !
good   dryer   but   short   cord   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   about   a   year   now   and   it   has   held   up   great ,   has   great   power   and   is   hot   enough .   i   have   medium   length   thick   hair   just   past   my   shoulders   and   my   hair   will   dry   completely   with   this   dryer   in   7   minutes .   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   plug   is   really   loose   to   the   wall   so   i   have   to   plug   it   into   an   adapter   i   have   otherwise   it   will   literally   fall   out   of   the   wall   plug .   also   it   is   very   short   cord   even   when   pulled   out   all   of   the   way .   sometimes   when   trying   to   retract   the   cord   it   gets   stuck   and   wont   go   in   all   of   the   way   so   i   have   to   keep   pulling   it   in   and   out   to   try   to   get   it   to   reel   up   all   the   way .   when   it   does   this   it   makes   me   just   want   to   wrap   the   cord   around   the   dryer   negating   the   whole   idea   of   the   reel .   overall   its   been   a   good   dryer   though   and   am   glad   i   have   it   and   it   was   a   good   price .
yay !   i   can   dry   my   hair   now !   this   dryer   is   good   enough .   although   the   switch   that   controls   the   power   of   the   wind   feels   a   bit   unstable ,   the   wind   power   is   just   perfect ,   and   the   price   is   really   reasonable .
great   purchase !   i   ve   had   many   good   hair   dryers   and   this   one   might   be   the   best .   lightweight ,   powerful   and   it   makes   my   hair   so   smooth .
highly   recommended   i   was   unsure   of   what   to   get   for   my   daughter   as   she   has   thick   hair ,   this   works   great   for   my   daughter   s   thick   hair !
conair   travel   dryer   this   was   a   replacement   to   my   old   one   which   i   had   for   a   very   long   time .   the   old   dryer   was   dropped   too   many   times   that   the   plastic   cover   around   the   power   plug   was   exposed .   my   husband   didn   t   want   me   to   continue   to   use   it   for   fear   of   being   electrocuted   because   of   exposed   wires .   dryer   was   still   working   though .   the   new   one   works   just   fine .   i   will   be   taking   this   with   me   when   we   go   to   u .   k .
good   product   looks   good , easy   to   install   fast   ship   like   the   fact   you   can   take   off   vent   and   clean   when   its   time   also   cord   has   not   tangled
the   best   hairdryer   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   by   far .   it   dries   my   hair   perfect   without   it   burning   my   hair   or   getting   too   hot .   the   vendor   delivered   the   product   in   perfect   condition   and   in   a   timely   manner .   i   couldn   t   ask   for   anything   more .   i   am   definitely   going   to   buy   a   second   one   for   my   mother   as   a   christmas   present .
none   available .   i   have   only   used   it   once   but   it   was   quiet .   didn   t   feel   too   hot   or   blow   too   forcefully .   i   still   had   to   use   a   curling   iron   briefly   to   curl   short   hair   which   slipped   through .   dried   hair   in   good   time   i   have   a   bob   .   i   liked   the   reviews   it   got   and   was   from   japan .   took   a   while   to   figure   out   some   pictures   which   were   not   explained   on   the   english   page .   i   am   happy   with   it .
easy   to   install ,   sturdy   after   install   and   has   been   working   ok   for   almost   a   month   now   no   issues   with   light   some   people   mentioned   it   died   ..   been   working   ok   for   almost   a   month   now .   br   does   the   job   and   does   it   quite   well ..   quite   powerful   and   dries   hair   well ..   now   for   the   price   its   great !   the   reason   i   bought   this   particular   one   was   because   i   used   it   at   a   hotel   and   liked   the   product ..   br   now   the   reason   for   3   stars   br   the   quality   of   the   stand   and   the   plastic   itself   are   quite   inferior ,   feel   like   it   gonna   crank   in   about   3   months ,   the   first   one   i   had   received   had   a   mold   defect   and   there   was   a   huge   dent   in   the   middle   so   i   returned   it   and   got   another   piece   from   amazon   easy   and   free   return   i   should   say !   .   but   the   fact   that   its   quite   plastic   ey   and   the   second   one   i   received   had   the   same   dent   just   smaller   so   the   finishing   is   not   that   great ...   but   i   should   add   it   works   and   does   what   it   should   efficiently !   i   think   i   would   give   it   5   stars   if   it   was   5   more   expensive   but   was   better   quality   finishing ..
it   s   okay   my   main   complaint   about   this   product   is   its   strong   plastic   odor .   i   ve   let   it   air   out   for   days   and   it   still   smells ..   it   s   a   good   product ,   and   it   is   very   quiet   compared   to   other   hair   dryers .   i   ve   own   it   several   weeks   now   and   the   plastic   components   still   really   smell .
not   for   curly   hair   i   got   this   for   an   overseas   trip   after   searching   through   dozens   and   dozens   of   reviews   of   travel   hairdryers   that   come   with   diffusers   for   my   curly   hair .   i   figured ,   why   drop   much   on   this   if   they   all   are   mediocre   and   indeed   i   am   glad   i   did   not   spend   much   on   this   one .   it   does   have   strong   airflow   for   such   a   tiny   dryer ,   which   is   great   for   non   curly   purposes .   but   the   diffuser   does   not   slow   down   the   air   flow   very   much ,   and   on   top   of   that ,   the   diffuser   is   so   tiny   no   more   than   3   inches   in   diameter .   the   low   setting   does   not   generate   quite   enough   heat ,   but   the   high   setting   has   too   much   air   flow .   i   end   up   switching   between   low   and   high   to   build   up   some   more   heat ,   and   only   stick   the   diffuser   into   the   roots   of   my   hair   so   it   doesn   t   totally   blow   out   all   the   curls .   br   br   so   if   you   are   picky   about   drying   your   curly   hair   with   a   diffuser ,   this   probably   isn   t   the   travel   dryer   for   you .   if   you   just   want   to   give   your   curly   hair   a   head   start   on   air   drying   because   you   will   be   somewhere   cold ,   it   s   probably   fine   for   that   purpose .   might   be   ok   if   you   have   very   strong   tight   curls   that   don   t   get   blown   out   as   easily .   or   maybe   you   can   get   crafty   and   block   some   of   the   holes   in   the   diffuser ...   br   br   the   dryer   did   overheat   a   few   times   when   using   it   on   220v   with   an   adapter   in   europe ,   but   i   think   as   long   as   you   are   conscious   about   not   using   it   on   high   setting   for   too   long ,   it   should   be   ok .
a   total   waste   of   money !   the   retractable   cord   feature   was   what   i   wanted   in   a   new   hair   dryer .   that   feature   only   worked   marginally   well   for   about   four   weeks   and   thereafter   stopped   working   at   all .   if   you   are   looking   for   a   retractable   cord   to   save   space ,   don   t   even   consider   this   product .   i   have   three   operative   dryers   at   home .   this   was   to   be   for   my   motor   home .   waste   of   money !
wall   mount   hair   dryer   i   always   wanted   one   of   those   hair   dryers   like   in   a   hotel .   now   i   have   my   own ,   conveniently   hung   at   the   side   of   my   sink .   plenty   of   power   for   drying   hair .   easy   installation .
out   with   a   bang   my   hair   dryer   just   blew   up .   i   have   owned   many   hair   dryers   but   not   one   has   ever   had   an   internal   explosion .   it   was   aimed   at   the   back   of   my   head   at   the   time   so   i   m   not   sure   if   there   were   sparks   but   there   are   large   parts   rattling   around   inside   now .   can   t   wait   to   open   it   and   see   the   damage .   i   used   it   maybe   twice   a   week   and   it   was   less   than   a   year   old .   never   again   with   a   revlon   dryer .
still   living   i   got   this   a   while   back   and   its   still   working   just   like   new .   i   love   it .   i   wish   the   cord   was   longer   but   its   pretty   great   and   still   living   strong .
love   it !   i   am   glad   that   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   quieter   than   other   hair   dryers   that   i   have   used   in   the   past .
sold !   i   thought   it   was   a   bunch   of   nonsense   when   i   read   this   hair   dryer   did   all   these   awesome   things   to   your   hair ,   but   it   actually   reduces   frizz .   i   m   not   sure   if   all   hair   dryers   do   this   or   if   it   s   just   this   hair   dryer ,   but   whenever   i   use   it   i   notice   my   hair   is   a   lot   smoother   and   easier   to   brush   through .   i   ve   had   it   for   2   years   and   no   problems ,   definitely   would   buy   again !
mother   s   day   gift   bought   this   as   a   gift   for   my   mother   to   replace   her   old   blow   dryer .   should   last   her   years   to   come .
not   my   favorite .   seems   slow   to   blow .   works   okay   otherwise .   not   a   lot   of   power   compared   to   my   much   less   expensive   dryer   that   lasted   6   years .   i   should   have   replaced   it   with   the   same   one   but   went   with   reviews   i   saw   on   amazon   about   this   dryer .   live   and   learn .
good   hair   dryer   so   far .   as   far   as   i   know   so   far   this   thing   is   better   than   anything   my   wife   has   tried   before .   she   loves   it .
not   what   i   expected .   i   ll   be   under   there   forever   and   when   i   get   out   my   hair   is   still   not   dry .   maybe   it   s   my   hair   but   i   m   nor   100   satisfied .
would   buy   again   have   been   using   now   for   2   weeks .   good   quality ,   blows   plenty   of   hot   air .   the   cord   winds   well   into   the   dryer
great   product   this   item   was   exactly   as   described   and   the   price   was   great .   i   would   definitely   recommend   it   and   purchase   this   item   again .
works   really   well   not   much   to   write   about ,   its   a   hair   dryer ,   and   it   works .   br   it   has   different   heat   settings   and   cool   attachments .
like   it   has   useful   function   to   me .   good   product   at   an   affordable   price , i   do   not   regret   buying   it   like   it ,   love   it
great !   i   love   it   because   it   s   like   a   package ,   with   a   zipping   bag .   it   s   small   and   light   and   easy   for   me   to   carry   around .
a   hair   dryer   made   for   me   this   was   my   second   of   this   hair   dryer   because   i   accidentally   left   my   first   one   behind   at   a   hotel .   i   love   all   of   the   features   especially   the   cool   button   for   that   last   blast   to   set   my   style .   my   hair   is   wavy   curly   and   i   love   the   diffuser ,   my   hair   always   looks   good   when   i   use   this   dryer .
wall   mounted   hang   up   hair   dryer   this   is   my   second   dryer .   the   first   one   broke   in   half .   i   used   duct   tape   to   make   it   useable   until   i   received   the   new   one .   the   motor   continued   to   work   well .   br   i   ordered   the   same   model   hoping   i   could   use   the   same   wall   mounting .   but   no ,   they   had   redesigned   slightly   and   just   enough   that   we   had   to   remove   the   first   mounting   and   replace   it .   i   like   the   convenience ,   but   i   would   really   like   to   see   them   redesign   it   with   a   few   more   features   keep   it   compact ,   wall   mounted ,   but   add   a   cool   function   and   make   it   quieter ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   it   is   very   loud ,   even   though   they   advertise   differently .   i   would   recommend   it   as   is ,   but   would   love   those   additional   features .
perfect   size   for   travel   i   took   this   hair   dryer   with   me   on   a   trip   to   europe   this   summer .   it   takes   up   very   little   space   and   is   powerful .   in   other   words   it   does   the   job   for   which   it   is   intended .
good   price ,   okay   product   works   like   a   decent   dryer ,   but   i   didn   t   see   any   improvement   in   frizz   control .   i   have   very   thick ,   frizzy   2a   hair ,   and   this   dryer   could   get   my   hair   mostly   dry   in   under   ten   minutes .   br   br   the   retractable   cord   is   nice ,   as   is   the   defuser .
not   a   terrible   color   was   concerned   about   purple   color ,   but   it   is   not   bad ,   it   is   a   darker   purple   that   looks   more   regal   than   gouche .   the   blow   dryer   itself   is   powerful   and   effective .   good   buy .
infinity   pro   by   conair   1875   watt   hair   dryer   purple   great   hair   dryer ... i   use   it   when   on   the   road   or   at   the   gym .   i   like   the   powerful   yet   quiet   air   blast   it   emits   when   compared   to   a   previously   owned   conair   that   died   ... this   is   definitely   an   improvement   and   i   recommend   this   effective   product .
works   perfectly !   works   perfectly   to   dry   my   curls   without   frizz   in   half   the   time   of   my   old   hairdryer ... perfect   size   and   weight   for   me .   love   the   bright   red   color   too .
great   product   this   is   a   great   product   for   the   price .   it   was   very   easy   to   put   together   too .   i   would   order   it   again .
great   little   hair   dryer .   i   purchased   the   hair   dryer   to   use   in   england .   it   performed   quite   well .   it   s   very   light   and   i   look   forward   to   using   in   future   travels   in   the   us   and   abroad .
great   for   at   home !   not   very   travel   friendly .   i   was   hoping   that   it   would   fold   up ..   it   doesn   t .   it   works   great   as   a   back   up   to   my   normal   hair   dryer .
great   hair   dryer !   i   researched   a   lot   of   hair   dryers   before   finally   deciding   on   this   one .   my   priorities   for   a   dryer   is   to   not   be   too   loud ,   and   to   dry   my   hair   fast .   i   have   thick   long   hair ,   and   it   can   take   10   15   mins   to   get   my   hair   completely   dried .   my   old   conair   dryer   was   working   ok ,   but   it   was   very   loud   and   was   taking   a   lot   time   to   dry .   aesthetically ,   this   dryer   is   very   cute .   it   is   quite   large ,   but   i   love   the   texture   and   the   pink   accents .   some   people   had   said   it   was   a   bit   heavy ,   it   is   heavier   than   my   conair ,   but   not   too   much   where   i   feel   like   i   have   trouble   holding   it .   it   comes   with   2   attachments ,   a   diffuser   and   a   concentrated   air   nozzle .   i   use   the   concentrated   air   nozzle   every   day .   it   is   easy   to   attach   and   easy   to   come   off .   the   best   thing   about   this   dryer   is   that   it   is   not   very   loud   at   all !   and   yes ,   it   does   dry   my   hair   a   lot   quicker .   with   the   help   of   the   concentrated   nozzle   and   a   round   brush ,   i   can   get   my   hair   dry   within   5   10   minutes .   this   is   a   huge   improvement .   it   comes   in   3   settings   with   3   levels   of   heat ,   as   well   as   a   cold   air   button .   the   back   of   the   dryer   is   easy   to   twist   off   for   you   to   clean .   overall ,   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   dryer .   remington   also   has   a   4   year   warranty ,   which   is   very   comforting .
farouk   hair   dryer   very   high   quality   product .   it   arrived   very   quickly   and   was   in   excellent   shape   when   received .   god   daughter   really   enjoyed   getting   it   and   uses   it   constantly .
great   until   it   breaks !   i   had   this   dryer   for   a   about   four   months   until   the   motor   fan   began   to   spark   and   i   decided   it   was   no   longer   safe   to   use .   prior   to   this   however ,   it   worked   wonderfully .   shame   it   broke .
does   the   job   okay   the   unit   does   the   job   of   drying   hair   just   fine ,   but   would   be   easier   to   use   if   the   dryer   hood   height   was   adjustable .
powerful   but   unwieldy   don   t   like   the   attachments ,   which   is   what   i   bought   it   for .   the   brush   is   flimsy .   the   handle   design   makes   styling   difficult .
dont   buy   it   bought   it ,   lasted   a   total   of   four   months   before   it   burned   out   and   quit   working .   had   a   sunbeam   before   that   worked   for   5   years . dont   buy   this   maker .
love   the   nightlight   feature   installed   this   a   few   months   ago .   super   convenient   and   looks   good   too .   i   love   the   night   light   feature   as   much   as   the   hair   dryer   itself .   power   is   good   with   2   watt   settings .   iconic   dryer   does   dry   hair   faster .   it   was   a   little   hard   to   get   to   the   tiny   screws   in   the   back   to   get   to   the   faceplate   to   attach   to   the   wall ,   but   it   is   sturdy .   i   love   the   design   and   function .   i   want   to   put   one   of   these   in   the   guest   bathroom   too .
conair   134r   1600   watt   wallmount   hair   dryer   with   led   night   light   this   product   is   awesome !   mount   it   in   your   bathroom   on   the   wall   and   no   hassle   finding   and   using   it .   br   we   have   now   bought   4   of   these   3   for   our   home   and   one   as   a   gift   to   a   house   guest   who   loved   it   .   br   highly   recommend !
pretty   let   down   so ,   we   bought   this   dryer   as   a   replacement   for   my   wife   s   old ,   loud   unit .   br   br   unboxed   it ,   and   it   felt   nice   and   solidly   built .   and   it   was   about   mid   range ,   volume   wise .   also   a   good   selection   of   heat   and   fan   speed   adjustments .   but ,   the   first   morning   of   use ,   it   ran   for   about   3   4   minutes ,   then   the   breaker   plug   began   to   buzz   loudly ,   and   emit   smoke .   br   br   all   use   was   discontinued ,   and   was   returned   for   a   refund .   br   br   i   award   it   2   stars   for   it   being   a   potentially   good   unit ,   but   subtract   3   for   failing .   this   seems   like   a   fluke ,   as   most   of   the   reviews   are   positive ,   but   i   m   going   to   be   searching   for   a   different   dryer   anyway .
its   nice   i   ve   used   it   only   a   couple   times ,   i   like   it .   it   gets   the   job   done .   had   no   problems   with   packaging   or   delivery ,   it   arrived   fast  
a   storage   dream   works   great ,   and   the   cord   winds   up   into   the   handle   at   the   touch   of   a   button ,   plus   the   handle   folds   down   so   it   takes   up   less   space   when   it   s   put   away .   solves   my   pet   peeve   about   hair   dryers .   i   wouldn   t   use   anything   else ,   so   i   bought   an   extra   one   just   in   case   they   stop   selling   these   heaven   forbid   .
mini   hair   dryer   this   is   a   great   product !   perfect   size   and   very   powerful   and   dual   voltage !   i   would   recommend   it   highly ,   it   would   make   a   great   travel   gift .
great   light   hair   dryer   i   recently   purchased   this   hairdryer   after   my   previous   one   started   to   sound   like   a   dying   cat   and   was   extremely   hot   to   touch   after   use .   after   a   week   and   a   half   i   love   this   new   one ! ! !   i   greatly   enjoy   that   i   can   dry   my   hair   on   cool   and   high ,   with   the   temperature   choices   of   cool ,   med   and   hot ,   as   well   as   low   and   high   speed   settings ,   and   cool   shot   to   set .   it   s   light   weight   and   efficient   i   d   buy   it   again   easily .
pro   beauty   hair   dryer   it   s   ok .   i   was   disappointed   in   how   big   it   turned   out   to   be .   i   was   hoping   it   would   be   closer   to   a   travel   size .   the   diffuser   is   too   big   for   me .... but   i   decided   to   keep   it   regardless .
the   best   i   love   this   blow   dryer .. it   straightens   and   softens   your   hair   instantly   leaving   it   with   no   damage ... i   use   it   every   day !
good   product   works   great !   does   what   it   is   supposed   to   do   and   is   compact   and   easy   to   use   with   good   features   too
excellent   dryer   great   quality   price   is   right   i   m   a   hairdresser   i   have   try   different   brands   this   the   best   so   far .   the   price   is   right   n   the   brand   is   good .
thank   you .   got   it .   exactly   as   advertised ,   prompt   services .   recommended .   br   perfect   for   everybody   in   the   family .   just   a   handy   gadget ! ! !   br   br   thank   you   very   much .
love   it   my   daughters   aren   t   strong   enough   to   hold   my   hair   dryer   with   one   hand .   this   is   cute ,   lightweight ,   feels   like   a   toy   but   is   a   real   hair   dryer   that   will   dry   your   hair .   wonderful !
loved   this   little   dryer   for   travelling   very   light   weight   and   worked   fine   for   my   hair   which   is   mid   length .   easy   to   switch   voltage   which   i   did   before   going   to   italy .   i   did   use   it   on   high   and   had   no   issues   so   did   not   experience   what   some   others   posted .   you   will   need   just   an   adapter .
good .   this   very   good   for   that   price   i   thought   it   was   a   little   bigger   but   is   fine   for   me .   bye   and   thank   you   for   the   product .
nothing   special   i   m   not   that   impressed .   i   didn   t   notice   a   difference   in   the   time   it   took   to   dry   my   hair .   and   it   s   heavier   than   my   old   dryer .   however   i   did   notice   that   my   hair   does   look   smoother .
truly   quiet   and   easy   to   use   diffuser   after   returning   to   amazon   a   dryer   that   claimed   to   have   a   low   noise   level   but   did   not ,   this   one   delivered   on   its   promise .   also ,   the   diffuser   is   easier   than   some   to   use   because   you   don   t   have   to   line   up   anything   to   put   it   on   or   remove   it   it   s   a   simple   push   on   and   pull   off .   have   just   started   using   this ,   so   can   t   speak   to   its   durability .
great   travel   choice !   even   though   heavier   than   my   other   travel   dryer ,   this   one   worked   well   on   my   last   trip .   i   like   the   ion   technology ,   it   does   seem   to   eliminate   a   lot   of   the   frizzies .   i   also   like   that   it   has   three   settings   for   blowing .   since   my   hair   is   fine ,   the   lower   setting   is   perfect   for   the   round   brush .   the   retractable   cord   made   is   easy   to   travel   with .
electrical   hazard   i   hadn   t   owned   this   10   days   when   it   created   an   electrical   issue ...... the   fire   department   had   to   come   ... i   had   an   electrician   come   the   next   day   to   make   sure   it   was   not   my   electric   outlet   or   circuits   and   he   assured   me   it   was   not   my   electric   outlet .... he   believes   it   is   the   dryer ..... i   would   like   to   return   but   now   am   being   told   by   amazon   that   my   window   to   return   has   expired ..... not   impressed   with   amazon   s   service .... i   should   add   that   this   is   my   third   one   by   jerdon .... and   i   have   never   had   any   problems   previously ..... obviously   a   lemon .... would   like   it   replaced   for   free .... with   a   new   one .... not   a   re   serviced   one .... some   one   should   agree   to   do   that ....
wall   mount   hair   dryer   very   easy   to   install   br   works   great   and   the   led   light   is   great .   br   it   looks   very   neat   on   the   wall .   br   the   different   settings   are   perfect .
best   hairdryer   this   is   the   best   hairdryer   i   have   ever   purchased   and   used .   i   feel   like   i   am   in   a   salon   every   time   i   blow   dry   my   hair .   it   is   definitely   salon   quality .
perfect   for   travel   or   home .   i   don   t   like   a   large ,   heavy   hairdryer   so   i   wanted   a   small   one   that   i   could   also   use   for   travel .   works   just   fine .
awesome   totally   worth   the   money ,   it   dries   my   hair   well   and   quickly .   br   i   would   definitely   recommend   it   to   a   friend .   i   love   it !
good   investment   saves   time !   i   have   long   hair .   used   to   take   me   40   minutes   to   blow   dry   my   hair .   this   dryer   has   cut   down   the   time   to   20   minutes   total .   it   s   a   time   saver .
just   like   my   old   one ... does   what   i   need   it   to   not   sure   it   s   a   professional   grade   dryer ,   but   i   have   trouble   working   with   the   heavier   ones   so   this   is   perfect   for   me .   br   also ,   the   price   is   right .
it   was   good   while   it   lasted ,   but   don   t   waste   your   money   i   did   give   a   good   review   after   a   couple   weeks   of   use .   but   forget   it   now .   now   i   changed   my   review .   that   4   year   warranty   a   joke ,   especially   when   onei   company   won   t   contact   me   back   after   weeks   of   waiting .   i   bought   my   hair   dryer   from   the   mkt   distribution   off   amazon .   good   follow   up   from   this   company   but   i   received   a   bad   unit .   i   bought   my   hair   dryer   august   2013   and   it   broke   down   3   weeks   ago .   while   i   was   blow   drying   my   hair   all   of   a   sudden   the   power   went   down   to   a   1   3   of   what   it   was .   as   if   the   life   was   sucked   out   of   it .   it   can   t   even   dry   my   hair   now .   it   s   like   a   humming   useless   object .   nice   to   know   i   wasted   90.00 .
works   good   love   my   blow   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   asap .   good   dryer ,   recommend .   works   well   in   all   levels ,   love   the   attachments .
  this   is   my   second   one   that   i   purchased   i   had   purchased   one   for   my   wife   to   replace   another   brand   that   had   quit   after   two   years .   she   loved   it   and   it   does   a   great   job   drying   hair .   br   br   i   have   added   another   one   on   my   side   of   the   bathroom   so   we   don   t   have   to   share .   you   ll   love   the   fact   that   it   is   so   small   hanging   on   the   wall   and   out   of   the   way .   ready   to   use   at   anytime   without   have   to   untangle   cords   or   put   it   away .   it   becomes   part   of   your   bathroom   accessories .   love   it .
big   difference !   love   this   hairdryer !   i   had   no   idea   that   there   was   such   a   big   difference   in   hairdryers ,   but   let   me   tell   you ,   there   is .   i   had   a   ceramic   heated   conair   hairdryer .   while   visiting   family ,   i   had   to   borrow   a   hairdryer   because   i   forgot   to   pack   mine .   the   way   my   hair   looked   when   it   was   dry   was   amazing .   it   looked   so   smooth   and   shiny .   not   the   norm   when   using   my   conair .   i   looked   at   the   name   brand   and   took   note   right   away .   so   glad   i   was   able   to   purchase   on   amazon .
we   love   this   hair   dryer !   we   purchased   two   dryers   and   love   them .   my   wife   was   in   a   chicago   hotel   where   she   them .   after   she   got   home   we   decided   to   order   this   dryer .   this   a   great   dryer   for   the   price .   we   would   recommend   the   andis   dryer   to   others !
excellent   product !   this   hairdryer   is   amazing .   it   is   fast ,   efficient ,   and   doesn   t   dry   outta   hair .   i   m   very   happy   with   this   purchase   and   would   recommend   this   product   to   a   friend !
wall   mounted   keeps   it   and   the   wires   in   place   we   saw   this   in   our   hotel   room   and   decided   to   purchase   one   for   home   and   it   worked   out   great   for   the   guest   bathroom .
powerful !   blow   drying   my   hair   is   by   far   my   least   favorite   activity   everyday   so   i   like   to   get   a   powerful   blow   dryer   that   can   help   speed   up   the   process ...   this   one   is   great !   i   strongly   suggest   to   anyone   looking   for   one   with   power !
blow   dryer   i   use   this   everyday   and   absolutely   love   it ,   nice   color ,   light   weight   and   love   the   retraction   cord ,   awesome   blow   dryer
amazing   gentle   power   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   has   amazing   power ,   yet   is   drying   my   hair   very   gently .   my   hair   feels   smooth   after   drying   it   which   is   a   huge   improvement   compared   to   my   previous   hair   dryer .
its   pink   and   it   works   great   a   great   budget   hairdryer   and   its   also   pink .   that   in   itself   is   enough   to   love .   glad   i   got   this   product   and   it   shipped   fast .
love   the   ionic   feature ! !   this   is   the   hair   dryer   i   have   been   looking   for .   i   have   had   an   ionic   dryer   many   years   ago   and   had   trouble   finding   one   that   actually   works   as   they   are   supposed   to .   i   tried   this   one   that   my   daughter   had ,   and   bought   the   same   one .   i   have   very   short ,   straight ,   thinning   hair .   this   dryer   does   not   frizz   my   already   fragile   hair .   it   works   beautifully   to   dry   my   hair   without   the   frizz   and   dryness   of   most   other   brands   that   i   have   tried   even   ones   that   say   they   are   34   ionic   34   .   br   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   concentrator   does   not   swivel ,   causing   me   to   twist   my   hand   while   holding   it ,   instead   of   moving   the   concentrator   into   a   different   position .   br   other   than   that ,   i   would   certainly   buy   this   hair   dryer   again .   bonus   a   great   price   for   a   great   dryer .   much   less   expensive   than   others   and   does   just   what   i   wanted   it   to   do !
attaching   the   nozzles   anyone   else   have   trouble   attaching   the   nozzles   for   this   dryer .   neither   one   of   them   screwed   in   place .   i   am   returning   it   and   ordering   another   in   the   hopes   that   this   is   just   a   defect   specific   to   this   dryer .   br   br   the   replacement   arrived   and   still   had   trouble   screwing   in   the   nozzles .   so   i   asked   my   daughter   in   law   if   she   could   do   it .   she   promptly   snapped   them   into   place .   after   which   she   made   some   vague   references   to   dementia   that   i   couldn   t   quite   follow   ....   br   br   so   i   have   amended   my   rating   because   it   really   is   a   quiet   yet   fast   little   dryer .
love   who   knew   there   could   be   such   a   big   difference   in   hair   dryers   well   it   s   true !   this   hair   dryer   is   so   powerful ,   it   dries   my   hair   much   quicker   than   other   models .   i   love   it .
just   very   handy   this   little   dryer   fits   the   bill   perfectly .   it   is   one   great   addition   to   our   bath   room .   don , t   know   why   we   didn   t   get   one   sooner
love   this   dryer !   if   anyone   is   hesitating   about   whether   or   not   to   purchase   this   hair   dryer ,   you   ll   be   sorry   if   you   don   t   get   it !   my   hair   is   naturally   curly ,   but   it   s   a   frizzy   curl   so   i   often   like   to   blow   dry   it   straight .   this   dryer   is   by   far   the   best   dryer   i   have   ever   used   on   my   hair .   not   only   does   it   dry   fast ,   but   my   hair   looks   shiny   too ,   and   the   best   part   is   it   holds   all   day !   the   only   negative   thing   i   can   say   about   this   dryer   is   that   the   function   buttons   are   on   the   inside   grip ,   so   i   m   constantly   pushing   the   buttons   when   i   m   holding   the   dryer ,   a   bad   design .   otherwise ,   i   love   this   dryer !
good   hairdryer   there   are   four   thickmaned ,   long   haired   females   in   our   household   and   this   hair   dryer   has   been   fantastic   in   tackling   drying   and   styling !   it   s   also   surprisingly   quiet   which   is   a   bonus   for   early   5am   hair   prep .   when   our   other   hairdryer   goes   up   in   smoke ,   i   m   going   to   get   a   additional   conair .
great   blow   dryer   there   s   really   nothing   bad   to   say   about   this   blow   dryer .   it   s   great   for   the   price !   and   the   compact   feature   comes   in   handy   if   you   travel   a   lot .
best   hairdryer   ever !   i   purchased   this   hairdryer   by   a   recommendation   from   my   hair   stylist .   he   suggested   it   would   work   perfectly   for   my   naturally   curly   hair   when   i   decide   to   blow   it   out   straight .   this   dryer   works   extremely   well   and   helps   cut   down   the   drying   time   without   frying   my   hair .   it   s   definitely   worth   the   money .
excellent   product   beyond   my   expectations .   i   have   had   vidal   sasoon   dryers   for   many   years .   they   were   reliable   and   very   good .   i   will   continue   their   products .
perfectly   good   dryer ,   but ...   the   hair   dryer   works   well .   i   purchased   it   based   on   the   5   star   reviews   it   had   received   from   the   few   reviewers   available   at   the   time .   light   weight ...   various   heat   settings ...   positive   and   negative   ion   adjustments ...   etc .   my   only   disappointment   is   the   price .   i   ve   tried   better   or   comparable   professional   hair   dryers   that   are   about   20   less   expensive .   i   thought   this   dryer   would   be   better   than   those ,   given   the   price   and   excellent   reviews .   it   isn   t .   oh   well !   still   keeping   it .   rationalization   it   s   a   perfectly   good   dryer .
bought   for   our   camper   i   have   the   wall   mounted   turbo ,   and   decided   to   purchase   one   for   our   new   camper .   i   do   prefer   the   wall   mounted   one   but   didn   t   want   to   mount   in   a   camper .
loved   it   while   it   lasted   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   about   four   years   ago   and   it   s   been   great .   i   m   really   fussy   about   the   air   flow ,   most   dryers   don   t   seem   to   push   enough   air   through   to   satisfy   me ,   but   this   one   is   perfect .   it   drys   quickly ,   and   the   heat   settings   are   perfect .   the   only   problem   i   ve   faced   is   about   6   months   ago   the   product   starts   to   make   high   pitched   screaming   squealing   noises ,   and   they   are   loud .   i   like   to   dry   my   hair   upside   down ,   and   i   can   t   anymore   because   the   dryer   is   especially   noisy   i   believe   the   fan   unit   has   come   lose   and   shakes   around   in   the   barrel   which   leads   to   the   screeching   .   besides   that ,   it   s   lasted   a   long   time ,   and   it   s   a   great   product   at   a   price   you   can   t   beat .   after   4   years   my   current   one   is   probably   unsafe   to   use ,   so   i   am   ordering   my   second   one   soon .
great   hair   dryer   for   a   cheap   price   this   dryer   is   really   great   and   simple   to   use   nothing   fancy   but   def   gets   the   job   done   i   luv   the   color   and   has   a   hook   on   the   bottom   to   hang  
too   big   to   travel   i   had   a   small   travel   hair   dryer   that   finally   broke   after   many   years   of   use .   i   looked   on   line   for   a   similar   one   but   the   conair   was   the   only   one   that   folded   so   i   though   it   might   be   the   same   size .   it   was   not .   great   for   home   but   too   large   for   travel .
great   professional   dryer   not !   i   originally   rated   this   a   4   star   but   am   now   changing   it   to   a   1   star   because   this   dryer   broke   quickly .   i   would   re   done   the   review   sooner   but   didn   t   think   of   it .   don   t   waste   your   money ! ! ! !
travel   hair   dryer   much   bigger   than   expected .   i   was   looking   to   replace   a   tiny   yet   powerful   hair   dryer .   this   one   is   not   as   compact   as   it   appears .
i   love   this   hairdryer ! !   i   have   very   curly   hair ,   and   the   finger   diffuser   is   perfect   for   dryer   my   hair   without   messing   up   my   curls .   i   would   definitely   recommend   it   to   anyone   who   wants   a   high   quality   hair   dryer   that   works   for   all   hair   types .
bought   for   a   gift   bought   this   for   my   boyfriends   dad   for   his   birthday .   he   loved   it ,   the   cord   retracts   great ,   and   it   works   great .   its   not   to   big ,   and   great   to   take   with   you   on   the   go .   plus   it   gets   the   job   done !
blows   warm   now .   cool   blast   no   longer   works   either .   this   is   only   9   months   old ..   what   a   pos   don   t   waist   your   time   or   money   on   this   one .   br   br   this   pos   is   only   used   for   an   hour   every   other   week .   my   10.00   braun   one   lasted   7   years
dangerous   my   mom   had   two   of   these   hairdryers ,   both   of   them   have   shot   sparks   out   the   end   when   i   used   them
worth   every   penny   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   to   replace   a   chi   dryer ,   one   almost   twice   as   expensive   as   this   one ,   that   was   none   too   impressive   and   had   broken   on   me   twice   in   a   year .   i   was   somewhat   skeptical   of   spending   even   80   on   a   dryer   as   my   last   adventure   had   not   been   very   successful .   however ,   this   dryer   does   not   disappoint !   it   s   reasonably   light   weight ,   powerful   and   easy   to   grip   for   self   done   blow   outs .   i   will   say ,   it   s   not   particularly   quiet ,   but   i   am   a   consumer   level   user   so   i   could   really   care   less   how   much   noise   it   makes .   all   in   all ,   it   s   a   solid   purchase ,   highly   recommended !
best   hair   dryer   ever ! ! !   love   love   love !   it   seriouskl   y   dried   my   hair   half   the   time   made   it   feel   silky   smooth   its   quiet   compared   to   my   drug   store   ones .   omg   it   s   awesome .   buy   it
great   product   exactly   what   i   wanted ,   very   small   and   very   powerful .   perfect   for   travel .   amazon   should   make   it   easier   to   go   back   in   and   order   another ,   no   option   for   that   on   your   confirmation   site   after   you   get   the   product .
started   lighting   itself   on   fire   i   got   this   blow   dryer   on   christmas   of   2011 .   after   a   good   year   and   two   months   of   use   it   started   making   a   shrill   sound   and   started   squeaking .   i   ignored   it   thinking   maybe   something   was   what   could   i   do   about   it   but   then   after   that   in   the   3rd   month   of   year   two   15   months   i   started   sparking   the   coils   turned   bright   red   and   literally   shot   fire   through   it   at   my   head .   this   brand   is   supposedly   a   good   brand   but   i   disagree .   a   blow   dryer   should   last   longer   than   15   months .   especially   one   that   was   used   maybe   a   total   of   one   week   a   month .   i   would   steer   clear   here   if   you   don   t   want   to   light   your   hair   on   fire
great   result   i   went   thru   chemo   and   my   new   hair   is   frizzy   so   i   needed   a   special   dryer   and   the   onei   mk   is   it .   it   worked   beautifully   in   calming   the   frizzes   and   finally   being   able   to   style   my   hair .
ansis   rc   2   ionic   1875   ceramic   hair   dryer   this   ceramic ,   ionic   blow   dryer   is   great .   it   has   awesome   power   and   dries   my   thick   hair   very   quick .   its   the   only   one   its   size   that   has   a   retractable   cord .   i   love   its   size   performance .
great   this   one   seems   to   work   great .   however ,   i   do   think   the   level   of   the   wind   is   a   little   bit   wired .
i   like   sassoon   hair   dryers   it   does   the   job   well ,   but   it   is   a   little   heavier   than   i   d   like   it   to   be .   i   needed   a   full   size   dryer   because   i   have   long   hair   and   it   gets   caught   in   the   air   intake   of   the   lighter   weight ,   smaller   travel   versions .   there   are   no   exposed   screws   on   which   my   hair   can   get   caught ,   as   there   were   on   other   dryers   i   ve   tried   to   use .   i   ve   always   used   and   liked   vidal   sassoon   dryers ,   and   this   one   is   no   exception .
doesn   t   get   hot   enough   nothing   special   here .   just   a   very   basic   hair   dryer .   i   like   the   color   and   the   cord ,   but   not   the   drying   power .
great   hair   dryer   love   it !   works   fabulous ,   not   too   hot   and   does   everything   it   says   it   will .   i   m   no   hair   pro   and   only   use   it   for   my   4   year   old   daughter   but   it   works   great   for   us   ...   also   love   the   small   size   for   storage   and   the   retractable   cord   rocks !
super   support   have   owned   4   of   the   30125   model   units ,   i   like   the   small   size   and   heat   ranges .   br   andis   support   unit   replacement   when   required   has   been   in   less   than   a   week ,   no   questions   asked .   br   the   high   low   switch   is   somewhat   prone   to   failure   which   has   occurred   at   least   twice   in   the   last   four   years   otherwise   this   model   is   quite   reliable .
powerful   little   dryer   this   dryer   is   very   compact ,   and   has   good   power   for   a   little   dryer .   i   purchased   it   for   my   travel   bag   and   used   it   for   the   first   time   this   weekend .   i   was   very   impressed   with   how   hot   it   got ,   how   small   it   was ,   how   well   it   worked ,   and   how   fast   it   cooled   after   using   it .   i   would   highly   recommend .
i   like   it   there   is   a   big   difference   in   my   hair   using   an   ionic   ceramic   dryer .   i   would   give   this   one   5   stars   except   for   1   thing .   a   blue   light   goes   on   when   using   the   ions .   shouldn   t   be   a   big   deal   however ,   it   s   right   in   your   eyes   as   you   dry .
a   gift   for   myself   i   use   this   blow   dryer   daily ,   it   works   for   me ,   that   way   i   won   t   have   to   borrow   my   daughters   on .   a   good   price   as   well .
so   far   soo   good !   i   purchased   this   to   replace   a   14   year   old   conair   sufferering   from   heating   element   failure .   the   old   i   got   for   its   claim   that   it   was   quiet ,   to   use   near   my   sound   sensitive   husband   and   hoped   that   this   would   be   the   same .   it   is   and   more !   it   does   not   claim   to   be   quiet   but   it   is .   it   is   delightfully   light   to   hold   too .   the   6   setting   options   work   well .   i   am   more   than   satisfied ,   i   now   hope   for   a   long   lasting   relationship .
great   product   the   blow   dryer   works   great ,   so   far   i   have   had   no   issues   with   it .   the   retractable   cord   is   convenient .   it   al   o   is   not   as   noisy   as   some   other   blow   dryers .
i   love   it !   aside   from   being   a   bit   heavy ,   i   love   this   dryer .   to   be   fair ,   i   had   been   working   with   an   ancient   blow   dryer   that   didn   t   have   ceramic   or   tourmaline   heating   plates   so   of   course   this   would   work   far   better .   and   i   ve   been   using   the   argon   oil   that   came   with   it   which   is   a   dimethicone   based   product ...   of   course   my   hair   would   be   silkier   than   when   i   use   my   homemade   aloe   grape   seed   oil   concoction .   so   whether   its   the   dryer ,   the   products   or   the   combination   i   m   not   sure .   but   in   either   case   i   am   happy   with   the   results   each   and   every   time .   i   ve   used   it   4   or   5   times   by   now .  
perfect   and   simple   dryer   this   is   a   great   hairdryer   for   the   money .   it   s   light   weight   and   has   a   cleanable   filter   which   should   extend   the   life   of   the   dryer .
like   it   its   a   little   heavy ,   but   works   great   for   such   a   low   price .   the   attachments   were   what   won   me   over  
folding   handle   is   good !   i   like   the   folding   handle   saves   space .   expected   to   be   smaller   but   since   it   folds ,   br   the   hairdryer   is   a   good   quality   and   dries   my   thick   hair   pretty   fast   and   gives   a   br   silkier   texture .
i   don   t   like   it   it   was   way   too   loud ,   does   not   dry   the   hair   as   fast   as   other   hair   dryers .   it   pulls   way   too   much   current   making   all   the   places   were   i   have   used   it   tryp   the   brakers .....   was   not   happy   at   all   and   gave   it   away
great   hair   dryer   i   absolutely   love   this   dryer !   it   was   very   easy   to   assemble   and   gets   extra   hot .   i   would   definitely   purchase   from   this   company   again   in   the   future   and   would   recommend   anyone   who   is   in   search   of   a   good   quality   hair   dryer   to   give   this   one   a   try .
good   bonnet   hair   dryer   this   bonnet   hair   dryer   fills   the   bill .   it   dried   my   hair   in   no   time   flat   with   the   bonnet   and   when   i   used   the   dryer   wand   brush   attachment   it   made   my   hair   very   silky .   the   one   thing   i   wish   is   that   the   bonnet   were   a   bit   larger ,   but   all   in   all   it   exceeds   expectations .
highly   dangerous   i   owned   this   dryer   for   a   year   when   flames   shot   out   of   where   the   dryer   connected   to   the   electrical   cord .   as   a   result ,   my   nightgown   and   chest   were   burnt .   the   burn   i   sustained   took   four   weeks   to   heal   and   left   a   two   inch   scar   on   my   chest .   frankly ,   despite   the   severity   of   the   incident ,   i   was   grateful   that   my   face   or   hair   were   not   involved   in   the   incident .   as   i   thought   the   malfunction   was   due   to   wear   and   tear ,   i   purchased   another   one .   after   five   months ,   the   dryer   gave   off   sparks   from   the   same   location .   i   was   not   injured   that   time .   i   contacted   revlon   and   encouraged   them   to   recall   or   discontinue   the   model .   do   not   purchase   this   product   i   consider   it   highly   dangerous .
working   well   the   number   of   heat   and   airflow   settings   are   exactly   what   i   need .   the   purple   color   is   beautiful .   br   it   uses   toggle   switch   instead   of   sliding   switch   control   and   is   very   easy   to   change   modes .   airflow   is   adequate   in   high   setting .   i   expect   this   to   last   2   3   years   based   on   my   experience   with   conair   hair   dryers   .
love   this !   always   wanted   one   of   these   and   this   one   is   great   quality   so   far .   my   hair   is   so   straight   and   tangle   free .   so   much   easier   than   using   a   comb   and   dryer   with   both   hands .
good   looking   but   cheap !   the   hair   dryer   died   on   us   after   using   it   for   a   month .   all   style   but   no   substance   with   this   product .   the   slide   switch   almost   came   off   and   will   not   work .   no   air   for   my   hair !   the   only   thing   that   worked   well   on   this   dryer   was   the   night   light .   br   not   recommended   unless   you   want   to   throw   money   away .
does   its   job   light ,   powerful ,   plug   a   little   big ,   but   over   all   a   great   buy ,   and   easy   to   use ,   easy   to   pack ,   does   it   s   job !
nice   production ,   nice   seller   the   hair   dryer   is   very   nice .   just   one   drawback   for   me .   as   the   standard   voltage   is   100v ,   in   north   american ,   i   do   no   dare   to   use   other   level   than   set .
yellow   i   bought   this   dryer   just   because   it   was   my   favorite   color .   it   turns   out   that   it   also   is   a   wonderful   dryer .   i   love   it .   lots   of   power   and   quiet .   quiet   enough   to   use   on   my   puppy   who   no   longer   is   frightened   of   being   dried   after   his   bath .
ok   we   like   it   we   receided   this   product   at   the   garden   hotel   in   perfect   conditio   ok   it   was   ok   i   will   recommend   to   may   relatives   and   friends
great   buy   i   really   enjoy   this   hair   dryer .   i   needed   it   to   straighten   my   unruly   beard .   i   don   t   just   it   everyday   but   its   loud   fast   and   efficient .
all   you   really   need .   i   was   looking   for   something   nice   but   quiet .   this   isn   t   bad   doesn   t   have   the   high   pitched   sound   some   of   them   have   though   it   s   still   a   hair   dryer   so   quiet   is   relative .   both   attachments   are   easy   to   use   and   overall   very   happy   with   this   dryer ,   especially   for   the   price .
it   looks   like   a   toy ,   but   when   i   first   opened   this   hair   dryer ,   i   was   quite   dismayed !   it   was   much   smaller   than   i   expected   so   small   in   fact   that   i   doubted   that   it   would   work   at   all .   last   night   i   washed   my   hair   and   decided   to   try   out   this   34   mini   toy   34   .   i   was   truly   amazed   while   it   didn   t   dry   my   hair   quite   as   quickly   as   my   large   tourmaline   dryer ,   it   worked   nearly   as   quickly .   for   travel ,   you   can   t   go   wrong   with   this   dryer !
it   s   great !   the   temperature   and   speed   is   just   right .   it   doesn   t   dry   out   my   hair .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer
broken   after   a   few   months   use   the   hairdryer   was   working   well   but   suddenly   started   making   a   really   loud   noise   after   a   few   months   use .   the   seller   was   really   helpful   and   sent   out   a   new   one   which   is   working   well .
could   be   better   i   was   expecting   this   blow   dryer   to   be   hot   really   hot   but   it   s   not .   i   don   t   know   maybe   is   just   me   br   that   thinks   that   way .   it   gets   the   job   done   so   i   shouldn   t   be   complaining .
t   this   dryer   is   wonderful ,   the   power   you   have   is   second   to   none   .. ,   a   little   heavy   but   worth   it   for   the   results   it   leaves .   i   am   very   happy .
nice   this   one   is   good   and   gentle   on   the   hair ,   however   i   have   not   used   many   so   cant   really   compare .   br   this   one   is   nice   and   cheaper   on   amazon   so   go   for   it .
great   hair   dryer   i   have   been   getting   this   dryer   for   5   yrs   each   time   i   get   it   i   love   it   more .   i   have   now   got   my   sisters   using   it .
small   and   lightweight ... just   what   i   needed !   i   have   limited   strength   in   my   hands   and   therefore   needed   the   smallest   and   lightest   weight   hair   dryer   i   could   find   and   this   fit   the   bill !   the   main   brands   seem   to   no   longer   carry   one   this   small ,   so   really   had   to   hunt   for   this   one .   the   low   speed   seems   more   like   a   medium   speed   which   i   liked .
solid   hair   dryer   i   purchased   this   to   replace   my   old   conair   folding   handle   dryer .   that   one   was   a   bit   more   compact ,   which   i   liked ,   but   this   one   isn   t   bulky   and   works   really   well .   i   appreciate   the   ability   to   control   both   the   temperature   and   speed   of   the   air .   i   would   definitely   recommend   it .
useless   purchase   absoloutley   useless .   was   sent   dryer   for   use   with   american   electricity   supply ! ! !   to   use   would   have   had   to   buy   massive   transformer . scrapped   it   and   put   it   down   to   experience
3   down   in   a   row !   great   dryer   but   the   first   one   lasted   a   couple   of   months ,   the   second   died   after   about   5   blow   drys !   so   listen   to   the   other   reviews ,   i   didn   t   and   now   i   have   to   buy   another   dryer .   update   tried   a   third ,   it   died   after   3   or   so   blow   drys .   clearly   defective   model ,   it   can   t   handle   it   s   own   heat .
like   the   brand   andis   apparently   makes   products   for   beauty   salons   and   barbershops .   it   shows   in   the   products   that   they   make   for   the   general   consumer .   br   br   bought   this   model   because   of   the   retractable   cord .   great   feature   if   you   don   t   leave   your   blow   dryer   on   the   counter   all   day   and   are   sick   and   tired   of   wrapping   five   feet   of   cord   around   the   handle   every   time   you   re   done .   it   hangs   up   when   it   retracts   every   once   in   a   while ,   but   it   keeps   the   cord   out   of   the   way .   br   br   this   model   has   more   settings   than   you   can   think   up   reasons   for .   two   power   settigs   1875w   and   a   second   lower   setting   i   never   use .   three   heat   settings   and   three   blower   settings .   and   then   add   a   cold   blower   setting .   br   br   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   it   five   stars   is   because   i   also   bought   an   andis   traveler   blow   dryer   rc   2   for   the   gym   w   retractable   cord   and   folding   handle   that   i   like   better  
this   thing   blows   and   not   in   a   good   way   i   purchased   this   to   use   for   travel .   as   in ,   only   occasional   use .   i   ve   had   it   for   about   a   year   but   have   only   actually   used   it   a   handful   of   times .   this   weekend   i   brought   it   on   a   trip .   i   plugged   it   in ,   and   after   only   a   few   seconds ,   the   wind   died .   i   let   it   rest   for   a   few   minutes   and   tried   again .   once   more ,   only   a   few   pitiful   seconds   of   tepid   warm   air   before   it   died .   what   a   pile   of   crap .   andis   owes   me   damages   for   the   emotional   trauma   of   suffering   through   an   entire   weekend   with   bad   hair .   don   t   waste   your   money .
love   my   dryer   i   am   very   happy   with   the   dryer   so   far .   it   fits   in   the   limited   space   i   have   in   my   salon .   i   love   the   way   the   controls   work   and   i   was   very   surprised   how   much   heat   it   generates .   i   am   very   pleased   that   it   works   on   a   110   plug   as   opposed   to   a   220 .   i   do   feel   that   this   is   one   thing   you   need   to   add   in   the   description   of   this   item .   i   almost   did   not   purchase   it   because   i   did   not   know   this   piece   of   information .
it   is   a   hairdryer   this   is   a   standard   hairdryer .   i   can   not   say ,   as   some   have ,   that   it   made   my   hair   look   any   shiner .   it   does   dry   my   hair   just   as   quickly   as   any   other   blow   dryer ....   no   faster ,   no   slower .   the   different   heat   settings   are   varied .   hot   is   really   hot ,   so   i   just   use   the   medium   heat   setting .   i   have   only   had   it   for   a   month ,   so   i   can   not   comment   on   its   durability .   i   would   recommend   it ,   but ,   it   is   a   hairdryer ,   i   can   not   say   it   will   make   your   hair   look   any   nicer   than   any   other   hairdryer .
excellent   excellent   item ,   already   bought   one .   not   too   big ,   good   power ,   good   handling ,   wonderfull   on   the   wall .   very   good   item .   very   recommanded .
lightweight   and   easy   to   maneuver   makes   a   good   dryer   for   my   daughter   to   take   to   college   with   her ....   would   recommend   it   again   and   would   buy   again .
simply   the   best .   this   is   my   third   yellow   bird .   i   keep   one   as   a   spare   just   in   case   air   flow   and   heat   are   superior   to   any   product   including   the   conair   family   that   i   ve   ever   used .   i   ve   bought   them   for   both   daughters ,   who   will   also   continue   to   use   them   as   long   as   they   are   produced .
love   this   hair   dryer   this   dryer   dries   hair   fast   with   various   heat   options   and   speed .   the   retractable   cord   is   very   convenient .   i   bought   this   dryer   after   i   used   a   similar   dryer   in   a   hampton   inn   hotel   and   loved   it .   i   am   surprised   at   the   complaints   about   this   dryer .   i   have   used   it   for   a   year   with   no   problems   and   i   still   love   the   dryer .
healthy   looking   hair   i   came   across   this   hair   dryer   at   a   hyatt   hotel   and   i   was   impressed   with   how   quick   it   dryes   my   hair   i   have   lots   of   thick   hair   leaving   it   looking   shinny .
beyond   great   this   is   the   best   blow   dryer   ever .   gets   super   hot   i   was   using   the   chi   deep   brilliance   dryer   for   my   dominican   blowouts   which   was   good   but   this   twin   turbo   cuts   my   blowouts   to   half   the   time   and   gets   far   more   straighter   with   just   the   blow   dryer .   you   ve   got   my   vote .
great   drys   hair   quick !   a   little   bulky   but   worth   it .   the   other   reviews   were   worth   reading   for   this   item .   thank   you
went   completely   dead   in   less   than   12   months   it   was   great   when   it   worked ,   but   it   went   completely   dead   without   any   warnings   in   less   than   12   months .   so   that   speaks   so   much   about   its   quality .
great   dryer   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   for   the   price ,   and   was   sent   out   and   delivered   to   my   house   ultra   fast .
love   it   i   really   like   this   dryer .   this   dryer   really   gets   the   job   done ,   not   only   does   it   dry   your   hair   but   it   straightens   my   natural   locks
excellent   purchase   purchased   this   for   our   trip   to   europe   this   year .   it   worked   like   a   charm   and   insured   that   i   was   not   going   to   blow   up   another   hair   dryer   on   our   annual   international   sojourn .
great   price   great   product !   i   like   this   hair   dryer ,   it   comes   with   a   defuser   which   i   love !   also   it   has   a   cooler   setting   which   lets   me   style   without   the   heat !   the   price   is   great   and   the   dryer   is   top   quality !
what   a   difference   the   best   l   have   ever   used .   can   see   and   feel   the   difference   in   the   way   my   hair   styles   after   drying .   not   too   heavy   and   the   controls   are   placed   conveniently   to   enhance   changing   the   temp   and   air   velocity .   reasonably   priced   and   with   amazon   prime   no   tax   and   free   2   day   shipping .... hard   to   go   wrong .
no   more   fly   away   bangs .   i   had   been   looking   for   a   professional   style   blow   dryer .   my   hair   was   growing   back   thin   after   cancer .   my   old   blow   dryer   didn   t   give   volume   to   my   hair   as   this   dryer   does .   wish   i   had   it   sooner .
loud   extremely   loud .   the   concept   of   the   side   usage   is   fantastic   and   that   is   what   i   am   searching   for .   this   product   is   just   too   loud .
hot   setting   should   be   nuclear ! ! !   watch   out !   i   like   this   hair   dryer   but   the   hot   setting   on   it   is   beyond   hot ,   it   s   brain   boiling !   use   with   extreme   caution !
good   dryer   this   is   a   good   dryer ,   especially   for   travel   use .   the   only   complaint   that   i   have   is   that   it   is   heavy   to   hold   after   a   while .
love   it !   my   old   blow   dryer   was   really   bad ,   so   i   looked   up   to   read   a   lot   of   reviews .   this   one   had   quite   good   reviews ,   and   i   m   quite   satisfied   with   this   purchase !  
great   product   but ...   i   really   really   like   this   product .   it   does   a   great   dryer   my   hair   i   definitely   get   a   salon   quality   finish   with   it   .   br   br   however ,   this   is   the   second   yellowbird   i   ve   bought   in   2   years .   both   of   these   stopped   generating   hot   air   within   9   10   months .   just   blows   cold   air .   it   s   the   oddest   thing .
a   good   hair   dryer   but   it   is   a   very   big   this   hair   dryer   is   easy   to   use   and   dries   hair   fast   but   its   a   little   too   big   so   if   you   have   small   hands   this   hair   dryer   is   definitely   not   for   you .
good   product ,   relatively   light   weight   and   dry   faster   good   product ,   relatively   light   weight   and   dry   faster .   i   love   the   metallic   look   purple .   i   found   it   s   better   to   use   warm   temp   i   o   hot   temp ,   my   hair   become   less   fuzz   and   more   shine   and   smooth .
ok !   this   blow   dryer   throws   a   lot   of   air ,   however   the   air   is   not   necessarily   hot   enough   to   dry   your   hair   fast   or   smooth .   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   my   hair   and   it   does   it   a   little   frizzy   compared   to   my   previous   blower   which   i   had   to   throw   away   because   the   cable   began   to   get   hot .   but   it   s   a   good   blower   for   the   price   i   paid !
awesome   and   lightweight   i   absolutely   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   long   curly   hair   that   i   blow   out   every   other   day   and   this   hair   dryer   has   been   perfect   for   that .   the   one   downside   is   that   it   only   lasts   about   2   years   i   just   ordered   my   fourth   ,   but   that   s   actually   pretty   awesome   considering   the   price .   and   it   s   so   small   that   i   can   take   it   with   me   whenever   i   have   to   travel   for   work ,   rather   than   risk   whatever   the   hotel   might   have .   i   definitely   recommend   this   dryer .
buy   this   dryer ! ! ! !   great   hair   dryer .   blows   hard   dries   my   medium   long ,   fairly   thick   hair   dry   in   3   minutes .   love   it ! ! ! !   would   definitely   recommend   this   for   any   type   hair .
very   convenient   i   can   set   my   hair   and   fall   asleep   while   drying   with   this   hair   dryer ,   it   s   everything   i   was   looking   for   and   more .   perfect   for   get   sets   and   tight   curls .
bought   it   as   a   gift   for   my ,   wife   ... she   loves   it   my   wife   remembers   her   teenage   days   when   this   was   all   the   rave   ... now   she   uses   it   after   shampooing   and   is   extremely   happy   ... she   swears   this   was   the   best   product   for   the   job   and   at   a   great   price   ... if   you   want   to   get   something   for   the   missus ... this   is   it ,   you   can   t   go   wrong
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned !   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .   it   dries   my   hair   in   5   minutes   compared   to   the   20   minutes   it   use   to   take   me   i   have   very   long   hair   .   the   only   reason   i   gave   it   4   stars   is   due   to   the   location   of   the   settings   button   on   the   handle .   when   holding   the   hair   dryer   it   is   easy   to   acidentally   change   the   settings   but   you   get   use   to   it .   overall   great   hair   dryer ! ! ! !
fast ! ! !   i   have   thick   hair   and   it   always   seems   like   i   have   to   spend   forever   drying   my   hair .   this   blow   dryer   is   small   but   powerful .   i   love   that   it   folds   up   to   store   easily .   my   long   hair   dries   in   just   a   few   minutes
does   what   its   supposed   to   i   can   t   seem   to   keep   the   comb   attachment   on ,   but   i   think   that   is   because   my   hair   is   so   thick .   other   than   that ,   it   works .   does   what   it   is   supposed   to !
it   s   awesome   ! !   so   fast   and   lightweight   i   love   it   even   my   hairdressing   blow   dryer   was   slower   than   this   one   ..   i   am   glad   it   blew   up   !   love   love   love   this   product
my   new   hair   dryer   so   originally   i   had   purchased   a   andis   75370   tourmaline   ionic   ceramic   1875   watt   hair   dryer   last   year .   the   dryer   was   um ,   well   i   didn   t   like   it   that   much .   too   make   matters   worse ,   the   attachment   began   falling   off   with   the   slightest   touch .   that   becomes   very   annoying   since   my   hair   is   so   thick ....   anyways ,   i   received   this   dryer   on   saturday   which   was   the   day   it   was   supposed   to   arrive .   i   had   missed   the   delivery ,   but   i   was   so   anxious   to   get   it   that   i   went   to   fedex   and   picked   it   up .   i   ordered   this   along   with   the   denman   brushes   thermo   straightening   brush   d79   .   so   i   am   black   and   i   have   4b   natural   hair .   i   had   been   trying   to   straighten   my   hair   for   the   longest .   i   also   recently   purchased   a   babyliss   pro   tt   tourmaline   titanium   1.5   inch   steam   styler   off   of   overstock . com ,   which   i   like   way   better   than   the   hsi   the   styler   ceramic   tourmaline   ionic   flat   iron   hair   straightener ,   1   inch   i   also   purchased   last   year .   br   br   so   the   whole   point   is ,   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer   so   far .   i   wish   i   could   have   got   the   blue   one   but   it   cost   almost   11   for   shipping   which   made   it   not   worth   it .   the   color   is   very   vibrant .   o   yea   the   main   thing   is ,   the   dryer   dries   my   hair   very   quickly .   the   cord   moves   with   you   and   was   a   fairly   good   length .   i   would   recommend   this   product .
fell   short   i   ordered   2   of   these   dryers   and   returned   both .   my   hair   is   very   thick   and   it   didn   t   blow   hard   enough   nor   hot   enough   to   dry   my   hair .   if   you   don   t   have   really   thick   or   long   hair   it   will   probably   work   just   fine .
light   weight   and   not   too   loud   liked   it .   the   cord   is   definitely   shorter   than   normal .   liked   it   because   i   feel   it   dries   well   but   not   at   the   expense   of   my   hearing .
gift   for   my   daughter .   my   daughter   has   enjoyed   using   the   hair   dryer .   she   wanted   a   blow   dryer   that   could   handle   her   thick   hair ,   and   this   one   does .
unless   you   like   sparks   don   t   buy   this   item .   i   bought   it   after   my   vidal   sassoon   stopped   working   and   this   is   garbage !   i   ve   never   reviewed   anything   until   today   because   this   was   so   bad .   the   buttons   popped   off ,   the   temperature   goes   from   hot   to   cold   to   hot   to   cold   every   30   seconds   while   on   hot   and   sparks   come   out   about   every   45   seconds   or   so .   i   m   not   lying .   i   have   to   use   this   at   my   own   risk   because   i   don   t   have   a   replacement ,   but   i   m   on   my   way   to   trying   to   find   something   that   might   not   cause   my   hair   to   catch   fire .   save   yourself   the   trouble   and   go   buy   something   else .
too   darn   big   this   dryer   might   work   wonderfully .   i   wouldn   t   know .   it   arrived   and   i   opened   it   and   was   shocked   at   how   big   it   was .   much   larger   than   the   photo   or   specs   indicated .   not   suitable   for   travel ,   but   i   can   t   comment   on   performance .
excellent   hair   dryer   excellent   performance   and   quality   heavier   than   many   other   dryers ,   but   with   a   solid   feel   and   excellent   fan   performance .   i   like   it   more   than   other   dryers   i   have   used .
hair   dryer   used   at   the   beach   in   the   hotel ,   loved   it ,   am   going   to   buy   one   soon .   thank   you   barb .   dont   have   to   spend   a   lot   of   money .
elchim   exceeds   expectations   my   elchim   hair   dryer   is   a   very   powerful   product   that   helps   me   style   my   hair   with   ease .   it   has   many   settings   and   temperatures .   i   highly   recommend   this   item   to   laymen   and   professional   stylists .
very   good   but   a   little   noisey   very   easy   to   install   and   works   very   well ,   better   than   expected .   the   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   it   5   stars   was   because   it   is   a   little   noisier   that   i   would   like   .   br   but   its   great .
poor   airflow   for   all   the   loud   sounds   it   makes ,   you   d   think   it   was   fiercely   blowing   air ,   but   you   d   be   wrong .   it   gets   hot ,   but   the   air   volume   is   low .   if   stolen ,   i   d   buy   something   else .
fire   hazard   during   normal   use ,   the   point   where   the   cord   enters   the   protector   on   the   plug   developed   a   bad   connection   such   that   it   would   only   work   when   the   cord   was   in   a   certain   position .   we   had   the   same   hair   dryer   before   purchasing   this   one ,   and   the   same   issue   occurred ,   and   eventually   it   just   stopped   working   all   together .   br   br   this   time   around   though ... while   using   it ,   the   cord   sparked   shorted   and   started   on   fire   in   the   wall   socket .   the   dryer   works   well   when   it   s   not   trying   to   burn   the   house   down   and   the   cord   functions   properly   if   that   s   something   you   re   looking   for   .   there   is   clearly   a   quality   control   issue   with   this   product   and   i   d   suggest   you   try   something   else .
cool   hair   dryer   the   old   hair   dryer   that   my   wife   and   i   used   was   old   and   started   giving   off   a   burnt   electrical   smell .   while   i   was   online   ordering   another   product   from   amazon ,   i   decided   to   give   the   hair   dryers   a   quick   look .   after   looking   at   several ,   i   chose   this   one   because   of   its   features   and   low   price .   i   must   say   that   we   are   quite   pleased .
wrong   product   not   only   did   i   receive   the   wrong   product ,   but   it   was   also   used   when   it   was   supposed   to   be   new .   i   have   this   exact   product   at   home ,   so   i   know   what   it   s   supposed   to   look   like .   the   product   that   i   received   did   not   have   the   twist   handle ,   and   it   came   with   2   of   the   same   attachments .   i   bought   from   lucky   sales .   do   not   buy   from   them .   br   br   i   reordered   this   item   from   another   company   and   still   didn   t   get   what   i   wanted .   it   s   the   right   blow   dryer ,   but   it   came   with   only   1   attachment .   disappointed .   guess   i   ll   just   have   to   order   from   folica . com .
lasted   about   a   year   and   half   i   have   had   this   hairdryer   for   about   two   years   and   i   have   to   replace   it .   at   about   the   one   and   half   year   mark   it   started   emanating   a   horrible   smell .   i   take   care   of   my   things   there   is   nothing   i   can   see   that   found   its   way   inside   that   would   be   causing   this   smell .   even   prior   to   this   issue   i   was   never   impressed   with   this   product .   it   never   had   a   lot   of   power .   wouldn   t   recommend   it .
great   low   dryer   this   blow   dryer   is   great   for   traveling .   the   fold   up   handle   allows   for   easy   packing .   the   cord   retractor   is   great
great   for   the   price   but   somewhat   noisy .   this   is   a   big   improvement   over   my   15   year   old   conair   with   a   higher   volume   of   air   pushed   out .   works   like   a   hair   dryer   should   with   a   compact   form .
great   dryer   so   far !   i   ordered   this   from   amazon   and   got   it   really   fast ,   br   i   used   it   today ,   and   it   made   my   hair   nice   and   smooth .   br   it   s   seems   nicer   than   i   thought   it   would   be   for   20.00
ok   my   previous   conair   had   more   power ,   i   really   don   t   see   how   this   is   1875   however   it   dries   my   hair   just   fine
don   t   buy   this   my   old   one   had   less   watts   and   was   much   better   than   the   new   one .   the   old   dried   my   hair   in   half   the   time   it   takes   now .
perfect !   excellent   hair   dryer !   bought   this   t3   featherweight   journey   travel   dryer   at   amazon . com   with   zadro   next   generation   lighted   travel   mirror   12   inch   brown   faux   crocodile   pattern   4   extendable   trays   doctor   style   makeup   bag .   so   looking   forward   to   my   next   trip ...   thanks   amazon !
i   love   it .   i   like   it   so   much ,   i   bought   two ,   for   two   separate   bathroom .   it   is   good   for   the   price   you   pay .
nice   hairdryer   i   like   this   hair   dryer   very   much .   it   hangs   on   the   wall   so   one   does   not   have   to   get   it   out   and   plug   it   in .   it   also   has   a   nice   nightlight   built   in   and   that   s   handy   in   a   dark   bathroom .
very   handy   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   hangs   in   the   wall   in   the   bathroom   so   you   have   more   room   in   your   drawers .   it   works   well ,   but   needs   to   be   replaced   every   few   years   after   daily   use .   it   is   powerful   enough   for   my   family ,   but   if   you   have   thick   or   long   hair   with   a   lot   of   girls   in   your   family   this   hair   dryer   might   not   be   powerful   enough   for   you .
conair   ceramic   turbo   siver   hair   dryer   i   received   my   conair   hair   dryer   and   i   love   it .   i   had   many   other   conair   dryer   s   in   the   past   and   i   find   this   one   is   a   sure   bet .   those   flexible   ones   just   don   t   do   the   trick   for   me   anymore .   i   like   that   it   s   sturdy   and   it   blows   really   well .
works   for   me !   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   of   the   price .   it   dries   my   hair   nicely .   it   claims   to   have   ion   technology   but   i   think   it   is   a   gimmick .   my   hair   dries   frizzy   with   this   hair   dryer   like   it   did   with   my   previous   one   that   was   old   and   didn   t   have   ion   technology .
great   deal   used   this   at   a   hyatt   resort   in   ca .   i   immediately   bought   one   through   amazon   on   the   stop .   works   great   ad   is   compact .
great   hair   dryer   i   love   this   nice   looking   hair   dryer .   it   s   powerful ,   yet   sized   perfectly   for   home   use .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
hair   dried   and   smooth   in   mknutes !   great   dryer   causing   less   frizz   and   easy   to   use .   relatively   lightweight   with   two   good   setting .   a   minute   or   two   on   high   followed   by   brief   low   and   shoulder   length   hair   looks   fab !
great   for   travel   i   would   have   preferred   to   have   an   in   between   setting   but   am   adjusting   to   the   high   speed   low   speed .   it   is   very   light   weight   and   small   which   will   work   great   for   traveling .
great   product   great   product ,   lives   up   to   its   name ,   it   is   compact ,   lightweight ,   plenty   of   power .   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone   that   travels   with   a   hairdryer .
whoohoo ! !   my   other   ionic   hair   dryer   just   quite ,   so   took   a   chance   on   this   brand   and   not   sorry   what   so   ever ! !   fairly   quiet   and   love   the   optional   speeds   and   temp   s   that   my   other   one   didn   t   have .
the   best !   was   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist   and   i   love   it !   i   have   thick   curly   hair   and   needs   a   hair   dryer   that   can   handle   that   in   a   jiffy   ...   found   what   i   was   looking   for .   thanks !
great   dryer   for   the   price   i   bought   this   to   replace   the   exact   same   model   we   had   for   the   past   6   years .   my   wife   had   dropped   our   last   one   for   the   last   time .   it   didn   t   stop   working ,   but   had   so   many   cracks   and   was   so   loose ,   i   was   working   she   would   electrocute   herself   sooner   or   later .   br   br   anyway ,   we   she   liked   it   so   much ,   we   bought   the   same   model .
its   ok   slightly   larger   than   i   hoped   but   works   for   me .   does   not   pack   down   very   small .   does   dry   my   hair   fairly   quickly .
nice   and   manageable .   i   like   this   kind   of   hairdrier .   it   leaves   my   hair   a   little   frizzy   but   it   is   light   and   easy   to   handle .
was   not   as   advertised   this   hair   dryer   was   listed   with   a   34   cool   shot   34   which   i   specifically   wanted .   when   it   arrived   i   noticed   it   did   not   have   that   feature .   i   decided   to   keep   it   anyway   and   plugged   it   in .   it   ran   for   about   30   seconds   and   stopped .   never   to   run   again .   i   have   another   andis   product   and   it   works   fine .   i   could   have   paid   to   ship   this   item   back   which   seems   wrong   to   me   since   it   was   not   as   advertised .
great   hairdryer   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   for   it   s   ionic   qualities .   i   live   in   an   extremely   dry   and   often   windy   climate ,   and   my   hair   tends   to   get   fly   away   very   quickly .   after   using   this   hair   dryer   only   once ,   i   noticed   a   great   improvement   in   that   my   hair   was   no   longer   as   fly   away   as   before .   the   dryer   has   great   features ,   and   does   the   job   extremely   well .
worked   great   in   china   and   hong   kong   none   available .
good   buy   andis   hair   dryer   is   very   good   product .   protects   your   hair ,   the   hair   dryer   is   very   neat ,   and   it   gas   a   long   cord ,   i   love   it .   also ,   very   good   price .   i   recommend   it .
five   stars   nice .
very   convenient   and   easy   to   use   i   had   one   of   these   hairdryers   for   several   years   and   had   to   get   another   when   the   old   one   quit .   easy   to   use .
a   bit   disappointed   at   first   but   satisfied   with   the   seller   i   have   owned   an   older   version   of   this   sunbeam   hair   dryer   that   worked   well   for   many   years   i   m   thinking   at   least   10 .   unfortunately ,   this   model   was   purchased   just   several   months   ago   and   already   the   on   switch   will   not   always   catch .   i   have   to   keep   pushing   it   or   the   off   button   to   get   it   to   work .   often   i   find ,   also ,   that   the   red   reset   switch   was   triggered .   i   haven   t   yet   contacted   the   company ,   but   hope   very   much   that   they   or   sunbeam   will   make   a   complimentary   replacement .   if   so ,   i   will   write   a   new   review .   if   not ,   never   again   will   i   buy   a   sunbeam .   br   br   new   review   the   company   from   which   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   stands   behind   their   product .   i   have   been   sent   a   replacement   as   well   as   prepaid   postage   to   return   the   original .   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   company   s   customer   service .   i   do   hope   that   this   sunbeam   product   is   free   from   defects .   a   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   can   certainly   be   convenient .
hair   dryer   wall   mount   it   works   so   nice   and   does   not   take   up   much   space .   we   love   it .   the   tow   speed   also   is   really   nice
i   ve   had   mine   for   close   ten   years   still   works   great .   i   love   my   hair   dryer .   i   was   only   looking   because   my   mom   needs   a   new   hair   dryer .   i   saw   a   few   negative   reviews   about   the   quality .   so   since   mine   is   pretty   old ,   i   can   t   vouch   for   the   current   quality   standards   of   this   product .   i   ve   been   super   lucky   with   mine .   it   gets   daily   use   if   not   more .   i   always   wished   it   had   additional   heat   settings   but   using   the   cool   burst   has   worked   well   for   be .   my   cord   has   never   frayed   as   others   reported ,   but   many   times   the   last   few   inches   of   cord   don   t   retract .   i   keep   it   clear   of   lint   and   i   think   that   is   a   huge   saver   on   its   useful   life .   i   hope   everyone   has   the   excellent   experience   i   have   had .   everytime   i   look   at   a   revlon   or   conair   hair   dryer ,   i   cringe .   i   ve   never   had   one   of   those   last   more   than   a   year .   after   10   years ,   i   would   purchase   this   product   again ,   but   mine   just   doesn   t   want   to   die   just   yet !
love   this   dryer ! ! ! !   being   a   professional   hairstylist   i   got   so   tired   of   expensive   blowdryers   that   dont   dry   the   hair   any   better   than   the   cheap   ones .   then ,   i   read   the   reviews   for   this   dryer   and   again   i   thought ,   yeah   right .   sooo ,   i   bought   it   and   i   must   say ,   this   blow   dryer   rocks .   it   dries   the   hair   in   half   the   time   and   leaves   it   smooth   and   shiny ! ! !   finally ,   i   found   one   that   delivers   on   its   promise
andis   ceramic   ionic   styler   dryer   excellent   product ! ! !   it   heats   up   super   fast   and   is   lightweight   for   easy   use .   this   dryer   would   ve   cost   me   a   fortune   at   a   local   beauty   supply   place .
best   dryer   i   have   ever   had !   my   160   blow   dryer   burned   out   on   vacation .   i   really   could   not   afford   to   spend   that   kind   of   money   again ,   but   i   have   curly   hair   so   having   a   good   blower   to   straighten   out   my   hair   is   important .   this   one   was   cheaper ,   but   i   had   never   heard   of   the   brand   before   so   i   was   hesitant ,   but   after   researching   and   reading   the   reviews ,   i   figured   i   would   go   for   it .   all   i   can   say   is   i   love   it !   it   s   quiet ,   it   s   light ,   it   has   alot   of   heat   settings ,   the   buttons   are   positioned   well ,   and   it   works   better   than   my   old   blow   dryer   as   far   as   straightening   my   hair .   my   boyfriend   who   also   uses   it ,   even   commented   on   how   much   he   likes   it ,   and   he   is   one   picky   kind   of   guy .
very   good   excellent   the   product   br   the   goods   came   complete   with   all   accessories   in   very   good   condition .   br   the   dryer   works   great   and   is   equal   to   the   image   that   is   published
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   powerful   and   does   s   great   and   quick   job   of   drying   my   hair   after   a   shower .   the   price   was   right   and   it   was   shipped   quickly   by   amazon .   br   it   is   an   excellent   value   for   the   money .
quiet   at   last ! !   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   in   fact   she   didn   t   even   know   i   got   it   for   her   until   it   arrived .   the   now   previous   unit   she   had   was   making   me   deaf   from   halfway   across   the   house ! !   this   is   much ,   much   quieter ,   and   the   frequencies   it   produces   are   not   ear   shattering .   she   hasn   t   complained ,   so   maybe   she   was   thinking   the   same   or   perhaps   she   just   likes   how   it   does   her   hair   she   looks   good   to   me ! ! .
conair   not   the   same   conair   use   to   be   a   great   product ,   and   due   to   the   fact   of   personal   use   over   thirty   years   of   different   hair   dryers ,   i   purchased   this   model .   the   folding   andel ,   and   retractable   cord   were   attractive   to   me ,   but   the   dryer   did   not   last   a   year .   i   used   it   every   morning   for   three   to   five   minutes ,   but   everything   now   a   days   is   built   cheap ,   and   doesen   t   last .   same   with   this   model .   great   size   for   travel ,   or   small   storage ,   but   don   t   expect   it   to   last .
awesome   dryer ! ! ! !   i   bought   2   fhi   heat   nano   salon   pro   2000   w   nano   fuzeion .   one   was   a   gift .   i   used   mine   and   it   s   great !   i   have   dry   frizzy   hair   and   it   s   the   first   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned   that   made   my   hair   straight ,   soft   and   shiny   with   little   effort .   my   daughter   thought   i   used   a   straightener .   i   highly   recommend   it   it   s   well   worth   the   cost !
powerful   airflow   i   wanted   a   hairdryer   with   decent   power   air   output ,   that   was   fairly   quiet ,   at   a   decent   consumer   price .   i   was   tired   of   other   weak   hairdryers   that   didn   t   have   enough   air   output ,   and   found   this   one   had   the   power   to   dry   my   thick   hair .   the   finish   is   a   nice   rubberized   maroon   color   that   looked   good   too !   it   s   pretty   easy   to   hold ,   smaller   in   size   and   weight ,   and   has   a   long   cord .   the   lint   screen   on   the   back   is   easy   to   access   too ,   which   is   often   what   causes   a   hairdryer   to   lose   its   air   flow ,   so   that   s   super   handy .   i   actually   purchased   a   second   one   of   these   online   the   first   one   broke ,   my   fault ,   after   i   slammed   it   on   the   counter   oops   s   after   wal   mart   stopped   carrying   them   so   i   m   a   happy   customer   reviewer   and   i   m   pretty   picky  
great   dryer   this   is   a   good   dryer .   i   gave   it   4   stars   because   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   i   would   like   it   to ,   but   that   s   just   a   personaly   thing .   definitely   gets   hot   enough   for   your   hair .
was   exactly   what   i   ordered .   i   wanted   this   style   hair   dryer   which   is   very   hard   to   find   in   stores .   this   one   fit   the   bill   perfectly .   have   only   used   it   twice   but   appears   to   work   fine   and   was   exactly   what   was   advertised .   so   far   i   am   very   please   and   happy   with   this   product .
bonnet   style   hooded   dryer   i   m   in   love   with   this   dryer ! !   my   hair   usually   takes   45   mins   to   dry   and   with   my   new   dryer   it   takes   me   30 .   it   is   very   comfortable   and   with   all   the   space   inside   the   air   gets   through   quickly   having   your   hair   dry   pretty   fast .   i   would   totally   recommend   this   to   everyone .   it   s   at   a   good   price   also .
good   hairdyer   but   it   s   pink   great   hairdryer   with   twin   fans .   does   make   a   scary   screeching   sound   if   the   power   drops .   the   hair   dryer   is   not   red ,   it   is   pink .   also   it   does   not   have   ionic   drying   which   is   a   good   thing   in   my   case .
great   product   i   love   this   product   because   it   does   a   great   job   at   drying   hair   with   multiple   drying   settings ,   but   mainly   it   is   great   in   that   it   is   not   bulky   like   most   hair   dryers .   it   folds   in   half ,   has   a   retractable   cord ,   and   is   fairly   light .
happy   with   purchase   this   is   second   time   i   ve   bought   this   dryer ,   after   first   one   servced   me   well .   it   s   powerful   but   not   loud   with   that   annoying   whiney   sound   they   usually   make .   i   love   the   recoil   of   cord .   happy   happy ,   for   second   time .  
great   size   for   travel !   i   wanted   a   smaller   hairdryer   to   take   with   me   while   traveling   and   this   is   perfect !   i   couldn   t   believe   how   small   it   is   when   folded   up .   only   reason   i   haven   t   given   it   5   stars   is   because   i   haven   t   used   it   yet   but   for   travel   purposes ,   it   s   well   worth   the   money !
perfect   i   took   one   hair   drier   from   my   country .   but   it   doesn   t   work   because   of   . different   voltages .   br   br   so   i   had   to   buy   a   new   one ,   then   i   select   it ,   i   got   it   in   two   days .   it   is   so   fast !   br   br   it   is   perfect   !
quick   dry ,   not   excessively   hot   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer ,   and   not   just   because   it   keeps   the   chord   inside ...   many   hair   dryers   get   super   hot   even   on   meduim   heat ,   this   has   a   very   soft   medium   heat ,   and   is   hot   enough ...   and   i   am   not   sure   what   all   makes   it   work   so   well ,   but   it   dries   hair   fast .
love   the   frizz   control   i   got   this   hairdryer   for   my   daughter   and   after   seeing   the   results   had   to   get   one   for   myself .   i   have   very   curly   hair   that   is   always   frizzy   in   summer   so   matter   what   products   you   use .   this   is   the   only   hairdryer   that   seems   able   to   dry   my   hair   in   hundred   plus   degree   summer   heat   and   humidity   and   keep   away   the   frizz .   best   investment   every .
it   fits   our   needs   perfectly   we   visit   my   brother   in   another   state   for   several   weeks   at   a   time   and   we   keep   items   there   so   we   do   not   need   to   lug   them   back   and   forth   when   traveling   there .   we   wanted   to   have   a   spare   hair   dryer   there ,   as   when   our   large   family   gets   together   there   are   often   items   in   short   supply .   this   hair   dryer   fit   the   bill .   it   is   rather   large .   but   it   does   fold   up   and   the   cord   does   retract .   despite   its   size ,   it   still   fits   the   bin   that   we   use   to   keep   our   stuff   there .   it   is   fairly   powerful   and   does   a   very   decent   job   of   drying   your   hair .   the   only   con   i   can   find   is   that   the   back   end   where   there   is   a   mesh   screen   or   dust   collector ,   does   not   appear   to   be   removable ,   so   as   dust   bills   up ,   it   will   be   a   bit   awkward   to   clean .
really   good   price   first   the   price   is   really   good .   i   ve   used   it   frequently   several   months   and   it   works   well .   a   little   loud   but   just   as   most   dryers
needed   a   new   hair   dryer   kept   looking   at   different   ones   and   finally   decided   on   this   one .   i   have   hair   i   blow   straight   everyday   so   i   need   something   that   will   last   and   so   far   no   complaints   on   this   one .   good   output   and   a   nice   weight .
cord   won   t   retract   after   two   months   i   bought   this   model   for   the   retractable   cord   and   folding   handle .   after   using   it   2   3   times   week   for   the   last   2   1   2   months ,   the   cord   has   frayed   in   one   place   and   it   has   stopped   retracting .   on   the   plus   side ,   it   was   an   effective   hair   dryer ,   but   there   are   several   that   work   as   well .
great   hair   dryer   i   had   one   like   this   for   about   8   years .   even   though   it   still   works   i   figured   i   should   retire   it   as   an   extra   or   back   up .   i   searched   everywhere   and   bought   several   new   hair   dryers   but   none   compare   to   my   old   one .   i   googled   the   serial   number   of   my   old   one   and   with   awesome   luck   i   found   the   exact   same   hair   dryer   that   i   loved   for   all   those   years .   thank   you   amazon   for   the   quick   delivery   and   the   great   product .
curly   cord   to   short   for   ease   of   use   design   is   ugly ,   cord   to   electic   outlet   is   great   lenght ,   heat   settings   are   fine ,   setting   for   blowing   are   fine   br   the   curly   cord   from   the   unit   to   handle   is   way   to   short   will   not   reach   more   than   2   1   2   feet   br   hard   to   reach   mirror   and   dryer   is   handing   on   wall   only   1   inch   from   the   mirror
simple   and   useful   i   like   this   dryer .   compared   to   its   price ,   it   s   worthy   and   both   simple   and   useful .   the   shape   and   its   power   are   impressive .
diffuser   is   very   tiny   this   compact   hair   dryer   works   very   well   and   gets   hot   quickly   getting   the   job   done .   the   diffuser   was   too   tiny   fro   my   long   hair .   would   buy   again .
excellent ...   a   .   .   .   .   excellent ...   a   .   .   .   .   it   works   perfect   and   is   very   hot   to   dry   hair .   excellent   article ,   very   low   price   and   ussesfull .   thanks
required   for   thick   hair   after   buying   cheap ,   but   high   watt   dryers   for   years ,   i   am   a   convert .   this   has   cut   my   drying   time   in   half .
a   lot   of   hot   air .   i   bought   this   for   the   diffuser   for   traveling .   the   air   flow   is   so   strong   that   it   doesn   t   really   diffuse   very   well   and   my   hair   ends   up   being   blown   all   over .   if   you   just   want   a   compact   dryer   for   traveling   this   would   be   fine .
satisfied   while   this   is   bigger   than   the   very   small   dryer   it   replaced ,   it   is   a   light   weight   at   the   other ,   drys   hair   in   minutes ,   and   overall   is   exactly   what   i   wanted .   i   read   most   of   the   reviews   of   this   dryer   and   others   before   ordering .   i   know   conair   products   are   good   and   a   good   value .   i   m   satisfied   with   this   purchase   in   every   way .
air   leaks   from   several   places ,   bad   quality   after   about   two   weeks   of   purchasing ,   air   leaks   from   the   handle ,   the   switch ,   and   the   back   of   the   dryer .   i   concerned   there   will   be   electricity   leakage ,   who   knows   when . today   i   want   to   return   it ,   but   it   says   the   return   is   only   allowed   within   30   days .   i   was   too   busy   to   request   the   return   when   i   first   found   the   problem .   the   product   is   of   poor   quality   and   dangerous   to   use ,   plus   the   short   time   warranty .   i   will   never   buy   it ! ! !
this   is   an   ideal   item   i   bought   for   my   wife   who   is   hair   stylist !   this   is   a   professional   hair   dryer   that   works   with   hair   stylist   is   better   than   ever   i   guess ... because   i   didn   t   hear   any   complaint   or   comments   from   my   wife   so   far !
blends   in   with   the   custom   cabinet .   this   hair   dryer   fills   the   bill   to   a   tee .   it   is   small ,   but   yet   it   performs   just   as   well   as   the   former   larger   unit .
the   wife   loves   it   she   needed   a   new   one ,   so   i   surprised   her   with   this   one .   she   absolutely   loves   it .   its   the   only   thing   she   uses .
great   non   harsh   dryer   my   husband   and   i   used   this   dryer   at   the   ritz   carlton   naples !   we   liked   it   so   much   that   we   ordered   four   two   for   home   and   two   for   the   gym !
only   hair   dryer   that   i   will   use .   i   have   curly ,   coarse   hair .   this   hair   dryer   allows   me   to   have   straight   hair   and   maintain   the   natural   volume   in   my   hair .   i   ordered   two ,   just   so   that   i   would   never   be   without   it !   love   this   product !
cheap   but   works   i   do   not   like   conair   products   but   my   wife   insisted   to   get   this   since   the   price   is   low .   it   will   break ,   it   s   just   a   question   of   when .   i   recommend   looking   at   a   babyliss .
great   product   works   great , drys   hair   fast   like   the   long   cord . should   of   purchased   this   dryer   a   long   time   ago   , had   many   other   hair   dryers   this   one   is   the   best   for   the   money .
worked   great   in   us   and   will   also   use   in   europe .   great   size   for   carry   on   bag .   packed   easily   in   my   one   carry   on   bag   for   flight   to   ma .   was   strong   enough   to   blow   dry   my   hair   straight   just   as   my   larger   home   dryer   does .   might   have   taken   a   few   more   minutes   but   perfectly   satisfactory   .   it   will   work   when   i   fly   to   europe   also ,   which   is   very   helpful .   seems   as   reliable   as   my   previous   conairs   have   always   liked   this   brand .
my   new   hair   dryer   this   is   the   second   one   i   have   had .   the   old   one   finally   gave   up   after   many   years   of   use .   it   is   the   right   size   for   me   and   not   too   many   features   to   confuse   me   but   enough   to   do   the   job   and   nicely .   i   think   i   ll   purchase   another   one   to   keep   in   my   rv .
worked   well   for   a   while ....   then   died   i   bought   this   product   last   year .   it   worked   extremely   well   while   it   lasted .   it   died   today .   i   guess   i   have   to   purchase   another   dryer   again .   not   sure   if   i   will   buy   this   one   again   or   not .   i   think   a   hair   dryer   should   last   more   than   a   year .
perfect   tool   for   the   home   this   is   my   second   one   in   8   years   and   i   think   it   is   great .   this   new   one   is   for   a   new   home .
too   noisy   for   me   this   is   the   noisiest   hairdryer   i   have   ever   used .   apart   from   waking   anyone   who   might   have   been   sleeping ,   it   was   headache   inducing .   it   operates   well   and   looks   good   but   the   noise   factor   was   unbearable .   i   am   not   a   whinger   and   am   pretty   easy   to   please   but   this   was   not   worth   keeping   and   was   returned .
i   love   this   hair   dryer !   this   dries   my   hair   very   well ,   and   doesn   t   cause   any   frizz .   i   have   naturally   thick ,   long ,   curly   hair ,   so   whenever   i   decide   to   straighten   my   hair ,   i   need   to   ensure   that   it   dries   halfway   straightened   i   use   a   flat   iron   after   i   am   done   drying   .   the   concentrator   does   an   amazing   job   straightening   my   curls   while   leaving   my   hair   without   frizz   and   fly   away   hair   i   also   use   one   n   only   argan   oil   to   help   control   frizz   .   i   use   the   diffuser   whenever   i   want   to   dry   my   curls ,   and   i   love   the   way   my   hair   turns   out   after   a   few   minutes   of   drying .   br   br   this   purchase   was   definitely   worth   it !
took   it   to   europe ,   plugged   it   into   220v ,   and   it   started   smoking .   it   never   worked .   took   it   to   europe ,   plugged   it   into   220v ,   and   it   started   smoking   immediately .   br   br   it   never   worked .   it   obviously   is   not   dual   voltage .
t3   ion   technology   hair   dryer   it   does   exactly   what   its   supposed   to .   perfectly   dries   your   hair   in   no   time !   br   fast   and   furious   , no   frizz   love   it
great   buy !   you   don   t   need   a   flat   iron   after   using   that   tool !   it   looks   nice   and   its   really   affordable   ! !   glad   that   i   got   it !
disappointed   this   was   the   first   time   i   spent   more   than   40   for   a   hair   dryer ,   so   i   was   expecting   it   to   be   great .   but   after   about   a   month   the   attachment   nozzle   kept   following   off .   however   the   dryer   works   well ,   it   is   still   aggravating   for   the   nozzle   to   fly   off   while   drying   my   hair .   i   should   have   returned   it .   too   much   money   for   an   okay   hair   dryer !
great   until   it   stops   working !   hair   dryer   was   amazing   until   it   started   to   struggle   and   make   sounds   after   2   months   of   use   and   completely   stopped   broke   at   6   months .   contacting   the   company   direct   for   a   replacement   since   amazon   could   not   help .   br   br   135   is   too   much   to   pay   for   a   hair   dryer   that   lasts   6   months , ...   even   if   it   was   amazing   when   it   worked !
conair   dryer   my   wife   likes   it   very   much .   it   s   better   than   the   last   one   she   has   that   got   too   hot .   br   thanks ,   br   jim
sucks !   it   doesnt   do   what   it   says ,   its   not   as   described , my   hair   is   static   not   very   powerful ,   compare   to   other   hairdryers
perfect   this   is   the   only   dryer   i   use .   i   love   the   force   and   power   it   has .   if   you   want   volume   this   is   the   way   to   go
nice   dryer   it   does   what   it   is   supposed   to   do ,   and   reasonably   priced .   i   don   t   see   any   difference   from   my   old   dryer   though .   dries   hair   fast   enough ,   has   three   heat   settings   and   3   speeds .
perfect   wow .   she   is   awesome   woman   say   that   it   doesn   t   take   long   to   dry   there   hair .   i   need   to   order   one   more   for   my   daughter .
great   a   this   is   a   great   product !   the   instructions   are   very   clear   and   it   was   super   easy   to   put   up !   def .   recommend !
overpriced   and   underperforms   this   has   hardly   any   power ..   there   is   another   product   pro   beauty   tools   pbdr5886   professional   travel   hair   dryer ,   white   and   black   which   is   far   cheaper   at   25   and   1800   watts ,   ionic   and   dual   voltage .   i   dont   know   why   people   complain   about   size   of   t3 .   honestly   you   can   get   a   smaller   lighter   dryer   which   are   even   more   rubbish   but   light   ! ,   you   cant   expect   power   from   a   smaller   motor .   i   was   actually   looking   for   a   full   size   hair   dryer   which   is   dual   voltage .   i   dont   care   about   weight   so   much   as   performance .   cant   seem   to   find   one   but   this   is   waste   of   money .   by   the   way   to   note   there   is   only   one   button   for   heat   and   fan .   so   only   two   settings ,   the   description   is   misleading .   you   have   low   fan   and   high   fan .   that   s   it .   there   is   no   adjustment   for   heat   level   despite   what   the   description   says .
great   blow   dryer   i   bought   this   to   replace   another   remington   that   i   d   used   for   a   few   years .   so   far ,   i   ve   been   really   happy   with   my   purchase .   i   chose   this   because   of   the   quality   of   remingtons   i   ve   had   in   the   past ,   and   this   one   seems   to   be   just   the   same   as   the   others .   quality .   the   blow   dryer   does   have   a   slight   rubbery   feel .   i   ve   never   had   one   like   that .   can   t   say   i   care   it   s   just   different .   not   better   or   worse .   br   br   i   did   choose   this   one   specifically   because   of   the   attached   diffuser .   essential   for   those   of   us   with   curly   hair ,   and   it   works   well .
compact   and   durable   the   perfect   dryer   for   travelers .   i   owned   a   earlier   version   of   this   compact   dryer   from   the   mid   90s   until   2013 .   used   it   everyday .   extremely   powerful   for   its   size .   would   still   be   running   if   i   hadn   t   plugged   it   into   220   volt   outlet   in   europe   before   flipping   the   switch   from   110   to   220   volts .
very   good   hair   dryer   i   have   never   owned   an   professional   hairdryer .   mine   are   usually   fairly   cheap   under   25   .   that   being   said ,   this   is   the   best   i   have   seen   in   it   s   price   range .   the   attachments   fit   without   being   whipped   across   the   room   for   no   reason   like   my   others   and   it   dries   hair   twice   as   fast   as   my   previous .   i   don   t   have   as   many   split   ends   either .   for   durability   it   has   held   up   fairly   well   being   used   at   least   once   daily   by   a   complete   klutz   who   drops   things .   never   any   damage ,   cracking ,   or   peeling .   it   is   also   quite   pretty !   some   say   it   is   heavy   in   the   reviews .   while   i   was   used   to   a   lighter   one ,   i   only   noticed   a   weight   difference   the   first   few   times   before   it   seemed   normal   to   me .   the   only   issue   i   have   had   with   it   is   that   my   long   hair   will   sometimes   get   sucked   in   the   back .   i   have   learned   to   keep   it   held   higher .   and   since   it   is   slightly   heavier   than   my   last   i   guess   i   get   a   light   work   out   while   doing   so ,   lol .   overall   a   very   good   hair   dryer   and   i   would   recommend .
not   what   i   expected   from   andis   this   hair   dryer   was   loud   and   cheaply   made .   i   returned   it !   the   fan   was   rattling   and   very   loud .   i   would   not   recommend .
expectations   met   small   hair   dryer ,   perfect   to   put   on   you   travel   bag   and   use   anywhere .   works   perfectly .   i   recommend   this   product   to   anyone
broken   in   two   weeks   this   hair   dryer   did   not   work   after   2   weeks .   i   would   not   recomend   anyone   purchasing   this   hair   dryer .   no   manufacture   info   on   box   either .
dies   after   a   month   use !   i   was   happy   with   my   new   dryer   but   totally   burnt   after   a   month   use .   lucikly   we   have   not   any   injuries ! ! !
love   it   bought   it   when   my   other   one   broke .   love   it !   i   recommend   everyone   to   use   this   product   regardless   of   the   hair   type   you   have .
love   this   dryer .   used   this   dryer   in   hotel   and   liked   it   so   much   that   i   searched   online   and   found   it   at   great   price   on   amazon .   dryer   is   compact ,   dries   hair   fast   and   heat   setting   is   not   too   hot .   you   have   option   of   mounting   on   wall   bracket   or   not .   i   use   as   home   dryer   and   also   take   with   me   for   travel .   great   little   dryer   and   prefer   over   many   other   name   brand   hair   dryers   i   have   purchased   in   the   past .
turbo   dryer   these   were   a   vg   price ,   so   i   bought   4   of   them   so   that   i   could   have   one   in   each   of   my   bathrooms   for   my   guests ... was   tired   of   having   to   lend   my   dryer   to   family   and   friends   staying   overnight   at   my   house .
love   the   convenience   of   this   blowdryer   always   ready   to   go   when   you   need   it !   this   is   my   second   one .   had   the   first   one   for   many   years   and   now   replacing   it   with   new   one .   was   so   glad   they   were   still   available   as   my   family   loves   this   blow   dryer .   it   is   so   handy   and   ready   to   go   when   ever   we   need   to   use   it !   love ! !
fantastic   hairdryer !   i   dry   my   hair   almost   every   day   as   my   hair   is   rather   long .   this   little   beauty   does   its   job ,   and   does   it   well .   there   are   plenty   of   settings   and   options   to   choose   from ,   depending   on   what   you   want   and   what   is   best   for   your   hair .   i   have   no   complaints   whatsoever .   br   br   update   it   s   been   several   months   now ,   and   i   still   use   this   product   almost   every   day ,   and   it   still   works   great .   this   is   easily   the   best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   purchased   strong ,   fast ,   and   definitely   good   quality !
it   does   the   job   i   really   like   the   hangup   dryers   because   they   save   counter   space .   i   don   t   like   this   as   much   as   the   last   one   i   had   when   it   stopped   working   i   threw   it   away   before   writing   down   the   manufacturer   so   i   couldn   t   reorder   it   ,   but   i   m   sure   i   ll   get   used   to   it .   it   s   heavier   than   my   previous   dryer ,   and   i   d   really   like   a   setting   that   s   between   low   and   high ,   temperature   wise .   fairly   easy   to   attach   to   the   wall ,   although   the   template   wasn   t   of   much   use .
great   blow   dryer ,   but   it   only   lasted   a   year   and   a   half .   the   vendor   sent   me   the   european   voltage   model   at   first   and   almost   didn   t   take   it   back   at   first .   when   i   called   back ,   they   not   only   sent   me   another   one ,   but   two   more .   fortunately ,   i   had   the   second   one ,   because   the   first   one   pooped   out   after   only   a   year   and   a   half .   i   hope   that   this   second   one   last   longer ,   as   it   is   an   expensive   blow   dryer .   it   does   a   very   professional   job   and   was   recommended   by   my   hair   stylist .
hair   dryer   i   love   that   the   cord   is   kept   inside   the   hair   dryer .   no   more   tangled   cord .   glad   i   bought   hair   dryer .
great   blow   dryer   this   blow   dryer   is   light   weight ,   easy   to   use   and   quiet .   i   love   it   and   it   s   a   great   buy   for   the   money .
meh   i   upgraded   to   this   dryer   from   my   basic   conair   dryer   and   thought   i   would   get   something   good   based   on   the   reviews ,   but   really ,   it   was   a   waste   of   money   to   simply   buy   another   blow   dryer .   it   doesn   t   do   anything   better   than   previous   ones   i   ve   owned ,   and   in   fact ,   seems   to   make   my   hair   slightly   more   frizzy .   plus ,   the   buttons   are   placed   right   where   your   fingers   wrap   around ,   so   i   had   to   train   myself   to   hold   it   differently   as   the   first   few   weeks   i   kept   switching   the   buttons   in   the   middle   of   drying .   i   ve   seen   other   complaints   about   the   motor   shorting   out ,   and   so   far ,   i   haven   t   had   any   issues   like   that ,   just   not   really   impressed   with   how   it   dries   my   hair .   and   no   way   is   it   really   quiet .   pfffft .
brush   is   way   to   soft   i   am   writing   this   review   to   save   anyone   interested   in   this   dryer   to   beware !   if   you   have   thick   hair   you   will   not   find   this   brush   to   be   adequate .   i   have   medium   long   hair   and   am   white ,   but   my   hair   is   very   thick .   br   i   know   this   dryer   style   is   usually   advertised   for   african   americans   but   it   works   well   for   caucasians   with   thick   hair   as   well .   i   found   a   different   dryer   that   is   working   great .   conair   is   the   manufacture .   br   br   other   than   the   brush   this   dryer   appears   to   be   well   constructed .   i   did   not   use   it   so   i   can   say   how   well   it   drys .
great   use !   my   last   one   burnt   out   after   3   years   of   use .   hope   this   one   will   last   longer .   it   works   very   well   especially   when   3   people   use   it   daily .
ok   dryer   this   is   not   as   good   as   the   hair   dryer   i   use   at   home ,   a   conair   225np   comfort   touch   tourmaline   ceramic   1875   watt   hair   dryer .   for   compact ,   portable ,   it   is   not   that   small .   for   use   as   a   regular   hair   dryer ,   it   takes   awhile   to   dry ,   and   just   hi   lo   heat   and   volume .   my   previous   portable   one   was   smaller   and   dried   better .   this   works   ok .
had   one   before , missed   it   these   are   great . our   other   got   used   so   much   ,   it   finally   quit .   reason   3   girls . enough   said .   so   go   buy   one .
dries   well ,   runs   cool ,   if   that   makes   sense ...   the   dryer   does   its   job   well   and   despite   its   large   size   is   fairly   easy   to   handle .   speaking   of   the   handle ,   it   stays   cool ,   as   does   the   rest   of   the   casing .   it   is   a   bit   noisier   than   i   thought   it   would   be   but   it   has   a   deeper   sound   than   our   previous   dryer ...   which   kind   of   whined .
very   small ! !   just   what   i   was   looking   for !   had   one   almost   identical   but   fried   it   in   iceland .   shopped   all   the   locals   and   could   not   find   this   really   small   size .   bought   one   with   a   folding   handle   thinking   that   would   make   it   workable   but   not   so .   found   this   one   on   amazon   and   it   is   the   perfect   replacement .   blows   like   a   fool   and   is   small   enough   to   pack .
overall   it   was   a   good   buy   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   to   replace   another   one   that   i   bought   online   the   previous   was   not   powerful   enough   .   i   really   like   the   cord   feature   but   it   can   hurt   you   if   you   aren   t   careful .   it   retracts   very   quickly !   overall ,   i   love   the   blow   dryer   and   am   happy   with   my   purchase .
great   dryer   i   love   andis   products .   they   all   tend   do   a   great   job   heating   up   quickly   and   drying   and   straightening   your   hair .   br   also ,   their   flat   irons   are   great   as   well .
blow   dryer   i   was   a   little   skeptical   about   buying   this   blow   dryer   because   of   the   mixed   reviews ,   but   i   have   had   the   dryer   for   at   least   a   month   and   had   no   problems   with   it .   i   like   it   very   much .
great   but   lower   watts   my   daughter   just   loves   this   small   hair   dryer .   however ,   it   is   advertised   on   amazon   having   1200   watts .   i   have   a   kill   a   watt   s   meter   to   test   the   house   wattage ,   and   this   hair   dryer   reads   981   watts   on   high   and   255   watts   on   low   setting .   however ,   it   works   great   and   saves   some   energy .
great   drier   i   have   had   the   blow   drier   for   almost   a   year .   i   love   it .   i   shut   the   bathroom   door   because   the   light   is   a   little   bright   however   it   is   great   for   those   middle   of   the   night   potty   breaks .   it   works   great   for   me   and   i   use   it   every   day .   one   thing   that   i   dont   like   however   it   could   be   because   i   dont   know   what   i   am   doing .   every   time   i   go   to   use   it   i   have   to   click   the   switch   on   the   mount .   it   does   not   automaticallyclick   on   when   i   pull   it   off   then   push   the   on   on .   i   have   to   always   click   the   switch .
damaged   item   i   bought   this   item   for   my   elderly   mother .   br   she   and   others   have   tried   to   use   it   but   br   the   hose   keeps   coming   detached   from   the   br   bonnet .   br   i   would   not   purchase   this   product   again   br   or   recommend   it .
producto   defectuoso   this   product   does   not   work   well   ensendido   the   button   came   broken   and   i   can   not   turn   off   br   br   este   producto   no   trabaja   bien   el   boton   de   ensendido   vino   roto   y   no   lo   puedo   apagar
the   best   around   this   is   the   third   wall   mount   i   have   purchased .   l   ove   the   convenience   and   that   i   don   t   have   to   keep   in   a   drawer .
excellent   bought   this   for   wife   and   sisters   in   law   to   use   when   visiting .   they   love   it   and   the   retractable   cord   keeps   down   the   mess .   comes   with   each   to   attach   and   remove   diffuser   and   concentrator   attachments .
reliable   dryer   this   hair   dryer   meets   all   my   requirements .   it   is   compact ,   the   cord   stays   out   of   the   way   the   unit   is   reliable .
african   american   with   natural   hair .   this   blow   dryer   works   great   for   me .   i   am   african   american   with   natural   course   hair .   it   has   the   perfect   amount   of   heat   to   my   hair   to   straighten   just   enough   so   i   don   t   have   to   use   a   straightener .   but ,   when   i   do   put   heat   to   my   hair   after   using   this   blow   dryer   it   lays   down   so   beautifully .   i   highly   recommend   this .
nice   portable   hair   dryer   this   is   small   enough   to   take   on   the   road   and   is   also   small   enough   to   keep   at   home .   the   power   is   very   good .
disappointing   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   it   was   small   and   lightweight .   it   also   was   touted   as   saying   it   worked   on   dual   voltage   for   traveling .   i   tried   it   in   the   u .   s .   to   make   sure   it   worked .   the   first   time   i   used   it   in   the   u . k .   after   switching   the   voltage   it   got   very   hot   and   stopped   working .   so   disappointing .   i   only   rated   it   one   star   because   the   color   was   nice .
very   convenient   this   is   the   third   unit   i   ve   purchased .   they   last   two   or   three   years .   it   is   very   convenient   and   has   a   nightlight .
nice   it   s   a   good   hair   dryer ,   works   great   on   all   settings   also   a   great   price   can   t   go   wrong   for   the   money .
absolutely   luv   it ..   i   just   received   my   dryer   7   19   2013   luv   it ..   i   have   thick   hair   and   needed   a   blow   dryer   that   can   do   the   job   this   dryer   straigthens   my   hair   something   kinda   serious ..   i   would   recommend   it ..
good   value ,   pretty   cheap   believe   it   or   not ,   i   actually   bought   this   to   replace   an   1875w   dryer   by   revlon   that   was   at   least   10   years   old .   i   was   used   to   having   a   button   for   heat   and   a   button   for   speed   of   fan .   i   see   only   the   one   button   and   it   has   heat   and   speed   together ,   i   think .   there   is   a   cool   shot   button   too .   guess   i   could   read   the   direction   booklet   if   i   did   not   throw   it   away .   either   way ,   i   like   the   dryer .   it   has   a   trip   button   on   the   outlet   plug   that   is   a   safety   feature   that   helped   once   on   the   old   one   when   a   thunderstorm   went   by   and   i   was   using   the   dryer .   a   good   feature .   the   dryer   is   lightweight .
thoughts   a   little   larger   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   very   easy   to   place   on   the   wall .   i   would   recommend   this   item .
does   not   blow   cool   air   at   high   speed   i   never   want   heat .   br   i   just   want   cool   air   blowing   hard .   br   but   this   dryer   will   not   blow   cool   air   on   high   speed .   br   it   blows   cool   air   softly   just   fine .   br   but ,   if   you   turn   up   the   speed ,   then   you   get   hot   air .   br   so ,   for   me ,   this   dryer   gets   1   star .   br   but ,   for   the   other   people   in   my   house   who   want   hot   air ,   it   gets   5   stars .   br   so ,   i   am   settling   on   3   stars .
best   hair   dryer   love   it   love   it   love   it .   the   hair   dryer   with   attachment   works   great   and   dries   my   hair   fast .   buying   one   for   my   sister
conair   infinity   too   bad   it   doesn   t   work   that   long   the   first   conair   i   ever   owned   lasted   me   almost   22   years ,   so   i   definitely   wanted   another   conair   and   was   willing   to   give   the   infinity   223xr   a   try .   i   loved   the   cord   keeper   idea   and   the   power   provided   by   this   model ,   but   after   going   through   two   of   them   in   a   three   year   period ,   i   cannot   recommend   them .   normally   i   wouldn   t   write   a   review ,   but   this   is   the   second   conair   infinity   223xr   model   i   ve   owned   that   has   exhibited   identical   problems   the   cord   stops   retracting   properly   after   a   few   uses   and   then   the   dryer   one   day   simply   ceases   to   function .   the   first   one   i   purchased   lasted   almost   2   years   before   it   stopped   working .   because   i   take   good   care   of   my   appliances   and   they   tend   to   last   a   long   time ,   i   thought   i   had   simply   gotten   a   lemon .   it   happens   to   the   best   products   every   now   and   then .   unfortunately ,   the   second   one   did   not   perform   any   better   and   stopped   working   after   only   7   months .   the   problem   doesn   t   appear   to   be   motor   or   fan   related .   rather ,   my   husband   suspects   an   electrical   issue   with   either   the   cord   or   the   plug .   regardless ,   i   am   done   with   this   model !
love   it   this   product   is   geat   pushes   air   fast   and   hot .   three   speeds   to   suit   everyones   needs .   light   weight .   not   too   bulky .   best   blow   drier   i   have   ever   used .   dries   hair   fast
you   get   what   you   pay   for   i   was   hoping   that   this   revlon   drier   was   a   great   bargain ,   and   that   its   price   of   12   wasn   t   an   indication   of   a   cheap   or   shoddy   product .   when   it   arrived ,   i   was   chagrined .   it   was   a   very   light ,   very   cheap   feeling   product ,   which   also   only   had   two   possible   heat   settings .   all   in   all ,   a   very   unimpressive   hair   dryer   i   guess   sometimes   you   do   get   what   you   paid   for .
just   like   my   hairdressers   my   hairdresser   recommended   this   dryer ,   i   love   it   it   drys   fast   and   if   i   use   a   round   brush ,   my   hair   comes   out   straight   hardly   have   to   use   my   flat   iron .
noisy ,   but   works   after   the   first   exact   same   model   stopped   working   after   18   months ,   i   bought   another   since   my   wife   liked   the   style .   when   the   new   one   came ,   it   fit   the   bracket   exactly   as   the   first .   the   only   difference   is   that   the   new   one   is   noisier   than   the   first   one .   not   sure   why ,   but   it   is   annoying ,   especially   in   the   morning .
wall   mount   hairdryer   this   is   my   2nd .   one ,   my   first   one   broke   where   the   hair   dryer   hooks   into   the   mount ,   i   would   make   that   area   stronger .
awesome ! !   i   love   this   dryer .   my   old   remington   was   amazing   so   i   knew   i   wanted   to   stick   w   the   same   brand .   its   amazing .   works   great   and   the   color   is   the   best   part .   plus   it   feels   like   velvet ! !
wish   it   had   cool   air   setting ...   this   is   a   good   product .   i   ve   been   using   it   for   a   month .   it   installed   well   and   is   easy   to   use .   i   knew   when   i   bought   it   that   it   only   had   high   heat   and   low   heat   settings ,   but   i   ve   been   surprised   by   how   much   i   ve   missed   having   a   cool   air   only   option .   if   they   had   a   version   with   that   feature ,   i   would   give   it   five   stars .
just   what   i   wanted   this   hair   dryer   is   great .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   very   nice .   good   price   too !
great   wall   mount   hair   dryer   i   m   very   happy   with   the   hair   dryer .   i   like   a   wall   mount   hair   dryer   so   it   is   constantly   out   and   available   out   and   yet   off   the   bathroom   vanity .   i   ve   had   this   for   a   while   and   have   no   complaints .   i   didn   t   buy   it   for   the   nightlight   but   it   s   still   working   after   being   plugged   in   for   24   hours   a   day   for   awhile .
great   blow   dryer   this   blow   dryer   works   great .   my   hair   looks   really   shiny   after   using   and   soft .   the   blow   dryer   is   a   little   heavy .   i   would   buy   again .
not   as   good   as   i   hoped .   a   holder   piece   inside   o   f   the   holder   broke   in   a   month   so   i   am   unable   to   hang   it   up   anymore .   too   late   to   ask   for   a   replacementwill   not   purchase   anotherfrom   this   maker ..
this   is   a   poorly   made   product   and   i   m   not   buying   it   again .   i   m   going   to   write   the   andis   company   directly .   i   have   bought   3   of   these   in   5   years ,   they   fall   apart   one   way   or   another .   i   will   in   no   way   buy   a   4th .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   had   you   can   choose   hot ,   warm ,   or   cold   air   in   high   or   low   airflow .   the   long   cord   allows   you   to   move   freely .
did   a   great   job   my   hair   is   very   thick   and   curly .   i   used   to   to   blow   dry   my   hair   as   straight   as   i   possibly   could ,   and   it   did   a   fine   job   of   achieving   the   results   i   wanted .   it   s   sturdy   and   i   love   the   attachments .
simple   and   efficient   i   like   simple ,   lightweight   and   efficient   and   this   was   perfect .   like   the   lighter   heat   option   for   finer   hair   like   mine .
great   size   for   travel   this   works   very   well .   fits   nicely   in   my   hand .   good   for   travel   and   or   as   your   main   hair   dryer .
fast   on   the   track   and   on   the   hair   although   ferrari   is   a   car   s   brand   it   s   been   known   for   some   decades   specially   because   of   the   design   it   s   cars   offer   and   now   they   applied   it   to   the   hairdrier .   br   br   it   s   said   to   have   a   professional   quality   and   it   does .   the   item   works   amazingly   well   and   looks   very   beautiful   so   as   you   ll   when   using   it .   br   br   the   hook   on   its   base   makes   it   easy   to   keep   the   cable   together   after   the   use .   the   unit   is   very   compact   and   travel   is   quite   easy   as   well .
dryer   good ,   bed   good   for   one   ihave   3   indoor   cats   and   only   one   of   them   likes   this   bed .   but   the   one   who   does   loves   it .   i   bought   two   and   the   other   goes   mostly   unused .   will   saved   it   for   a   spare   for   the   one   who   loes   it .   br   br   the   hair   dryer   that   hangs   is   good .   i   love   that   it   hangs   out   of   the   way   including   the   little   piece   to   keep   the   cord   up   i   bought   it   mostly   to   keep   it   out   of   the   way   of   my   grandson   but   like   that   it   cuts   down   on   clutter .   the   high   speed   is   good   and   dries   well   and   is   pretty   quiet .   the   low   speed   is   very ,   very   low   and   not   much   good   for   anything   but   final   dry   of   bangs   or   ends .   i   have   fine ,   thin   hair   so   it   works   ok   for   me   but   i   doubt   it   would   do   the   trick   for   someone   with   thick   hair .   i   usually   dry   my   hair   with   the   high   speed   until   it   is   mostly   dry   and   then   use   the   low   to   style   it .
it   s   great   have   a   small   bathroom   and   use   it   a   lot   outside   of   my   house .   great   for   travel .   wish   it   had   an   intermediate   setting   only   low   and   high   .
3rd   one   i   ve   owned   it   dries   my   hair   with   speed   and   leaves   it   with   shine .   it   is   fairly   compact   and   quieter   than   most   dryers .
so   so   hair   dryer   found   it   to   feel   heavy , and   the   buttons   change   speed   and   temp   easily   while   drying   hair   . does   dry   hair   quickly   is   it   s   good   feature
good   solid   hair   dryer   this   is   a   nice   hair   dryer   that   does   the   job   quick   and   well .   i   didn   t   know   what   a   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer   was   when   i   bought   it ,   but   it   really   does   dry   my   hair   quicker   than   my   last   hair   dryer .   and   it   really   does   leave   it   fuller   and   shinier .   i   wouldn   t   have   believed   it   if   i   hadn   t   experienced   it   myself ,   but   i   ve   been   very   pleased   with   the   results .   br   br   as   mentioned   elsewhere ,   the   switch   button   design   makes   it   a   little   difficult   to   adjust   the   settings   as   you   re   drying .   but   the   chosen   settings   do   stay   in   place   once   set ,   and   the   design   of   the   sliding   switches   does   make   the   handle   easy   and   comfortable   to   grip .   so   there   is   both   good   and   bad   points   with   this   sliding   switch   design .   br   br   finally ,   the   three   heat   and   two   speed   settings   give   me   more   options   than   my   last   hair   dryer   did ,   which   is   very   nice .   br   br   all   in   all ,   i   m   happy   with   this   purchase .   it   s   a   good   hair   dryer   that   gets   the   job   done .
great   product !   very   lightweight ,   easy   to   use .   exactly   what   i   needed .   the   attachments   and   travel   case   were   an   added   plus .   perfect   for   people   who   need   power   plus   a   lightweight   design .
the   product   arrived   on   time   and   is   just   like   the   representation   in   the   ad   this   product   was   easy   to   mount   on   the   wall   and   works   perfectly .   the   temperature   settings   are   easy   to   select   and   change .
hair   dryer   good   deal   for   the   price .   could   use   increase   in   blower   speed .   like   the   ability   to   change   heat   setting .   would   recommend .
it   was   just   as   described   it   was   delivered   within   a   few   days   and   i   really   like   it .   it   was   really   nice   to   be   able   to   hang   the   cord   and   get   it   off   my   counter .
conair   ceramic   1875   hair   dryer   my   old   hair   dryer   was   a   conair   1875   that   i   purchased   about   10   yrs   ago   and   still   works   but   started   to   make   noises .   so   i   figured   it   was   time   to   look   for   a   new   hair   dryer .   i   purchased   this   conair   22np   comfort   touch   tourmaline   ceramic   1875   and   it   is   even   better   than   my   old   one .   it   s   light   and   comfortable   to   hold   while   styling   and   drying   my   hair .   it   dries   my   hair   in   1   2   the   time   of   my   old   one   and   my   hair   looks   a   lot   better .   i   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone   who   is   looking   for   a   new   hair   dryer .   it   s   a   great   product   and   you   won   t   be   disappointed .
wallmount   dryer   this   is   an   exact   replacement   for   our   old   one .   makes   it   easy   to   replace .   our   small   bathroom   has   no   place   on   the   vanity   or   drawer   for   it .   wallmount   makes   it   handy .   clip   that   holds   handle   broke ,   but   dryer   still   worked .
great   hair   dryer !   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   very   professional   results ,   several   heat   and   speed   settings .   really   worth   the   amount   spent .   thank   you !
rusk   hair   dryer   love   it !   excellent   product .   very   good   power   as   i   expected   since   it   is   a   professional   product   .   i   hope   lasts   forever   as   if   used   in   a   salon
i   love   it   it   is   wonderful .   i   have   spent   a   lot   more   on   my   other   hair   dryers   and   this   one   is   great .   it   is   small ,   lightweight ,   and   dries   my   hair   in   less   time .   i   will   recommend   it   to   others   and   would   buy   it   again .
it   s   good ,   bud   cheap   it   works   fine ,   but   it   has   a   terrible   build   quality ,   it   feels   chinese .   but   it   s   a   good   buy   for   the   price .
solid   lasts   for   2   and   half   years .   this   is   a   solid   hair   dryer .   the   settings   are   sufficient ,   and   it   will   blow   your   hair   dry   fast .   i   use   it   on   my   short   hair ,   and   it   dry   and   voluminous   in   less   than   a   minute .   my   wife   uses   it   to   do   her   long ,   think ,   asian   hair ,   and   she   is   very   satisfied .   no   complaints   about   this   dandy   little   device .   update   on   july   2015   after   2   and   1   2   year   using   about   2   times   a   week ,   it   started   to   break   last   month   and   we   re   getting   a   burnt   smell   sometimes .   while   in   using ,   the   power   would   go   on   and   off .   it   s   a   good   price   to   start   with .   i   think   we   got   good   value   out   of   it .
did   not   last   long   i   have   owned   this   dryer   in   the   past   and   this   was   a   replacement   after   3   years   of   my   old   one !   this   one   must   have   been   refurbished   or   defective   because   it   didn   t   perform   well   after   only   6   months .   i   went   into   ulta   and   purchased   a   new   t3   in   person .   hope   it   lasts   better   than   this   one .
extremely   unsatisfied ...   dryer   is   very   loud   and   it   broke   down   after   6   months   of   usage ...   will   not   recommend   it   to   other   buyers .
great   piece   awesome   product ,   pretty   much   as   described .   does   exactly   what   it   s   supposed   to   do .   if   you   want   a   good   ceramic   product ,   then   this   is   it   for   you .
i   prefer   a   traditional   dryer   i   should   first   mention   that   i   don   t   use   this   item   in   the   typical   way .   i   never   use   the   attachments   as   my   hair   is   super   short   2   inches   ,   i   just   figured   the   shape   would   allow   me   to   straighten   my   hair   more   efficiently .   it   s   a   bit   cumbersome   and   heavy .   it   gets   plenty   hot   and   the   low   heat   setting ,   although   weak ,   is   good   for   gradual   straightening .   i   don   t   like   that   you   have   to   hold   the   cool   shot   button ,   plus   it   takes   a   lot   of   effort   to   press .   the   button   is   placed   in   a   very   awkward   spot   for   the   way   i   hold   it ,   facing   down   again ,   not   typical   .   the   brush   attachment   is   useless   because   it   s   softer   than   hair !   i   imagine   this   item   would   be   more   useful   for   someone   with   longer   hair .
compared   with   its   value   compared   with   its   value ,   i   liked   the   small   size   and   almost   cheap   and   high   quality .   br   overall   i   am   sure   all   products   japanese
dryer   great   this   product .   love   that   i   don   t   have   to   worry   about   cord .   quick   free   delivery   through   prime   account .   would   recommend   to   others .
drys   hair   fast   love   this   powerful   dryer .   it   s   pretty   heavy   duty ,   and   it   s   a   little   heavier   in   weight   than   any   other   dryer   i   ve   had .   but   it   has   the   cool   setting   medium   heat   and   high   fast   dry   mode .   pretty   loud ,   but   what   hair   dryer   isn   t   it   it   smoothes   the   hair   too   ,   removing   the   frizz .   combine   with   correct   hairbrush   and   you   will   have   salon   results !
powerful   hairdryer ,   excellent   value   not   only   am   i   happy   with   this   hairdryer ,   but   i   ve   already   had   a   houseguest   that   is   coveting   it   after   using   it .   it   has   great   power ,   is   small   enough   to   consider   taking   it   when   i   travel ,   and   was   really   reasonably   priced .   i   hate   to   admit   it ,   but   it   s   better   than   the   150   italian   hairdryer   that   i   was   replacing .
great   small .   cheap   and   works   well   for   what   it   is .   don   t   expect   the   power   from   a   full   size   dryer   but   this   works   great   as   a   mini   dryer   for   traveling .
revlon   rvdr5005   ion   select   1875   watt   travel   dryer   revlon   rvdr5005   ion   select   1875   watt   travel   dryer   br   br   product   works   as   it   should ,   however ,   the   concentrator   styling   attachment   won   t   stay   on .   i   was   away   for   18   days   after   purchase   and   now   find   out   i   have   exceeded   the   time   for   returning   the   hair   dryer   for   a   full   refund .   i   am   not   a   happy   amazon   shopper   and   will   probably   not   purchase   items   from   you   again .
awesome !   love   it ,   very   powerful   for   something   that   small .   wish   it   could   fold   up ,   but   still   it   is   an   awesome   product .
great   hairdryer   i   really   like   this   conair   hairdryer .   i   ve   had   it   for   several   months   and   use   it   most   every   day .   it   s   easy   to   use ,   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   i   like   that   i   can   set   the   temperature   and   speed   separately   and   that   the   cord   retracts .
awesome !   great   blow   dryer .   it   does   the   trick   and   dries   your   hair   quickly .   i   like   the   little   cold   shot   button   as   well .
good   blow   dryer !   i   was   really   impressed   with   this   andis   80405   lightweight   ceramic   ionic   blow   dryer .   my   hair   was   more   straighter   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   i   also   love   the   comb   attachment .
pretty   good   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   pretty   good   for   the   price .   i   previously   had   a   conair   ceramic   hair   dryer   with   a   retractable   cord .   it   did   a   good   job ,   but   was   heavy ,   and   ultimately   it   was   the   retractable   cord   that   caused   the   dryer   to   stop   working .   the   conair   256p   is   nice   and   light .   i   have   curly   hair   and   do   not   dry   it   completely ,   so   i   put   the   heat   on   the   warm   setting   and   the   blower   on   high   and   it   works   great   for   me .   it   doesn   t   come   with   a   diffuser ,   but   i   don   t   use   one .   it   does   however   come   with   the   vent   attachment   so   you   can   direct   the   air   flow .   my   son   uses   the   dryer   as   well   and   likes   it .   the   only   complaint   i   would   have   is   that   it   is   noisy .   basically ,   it   s   light   and   does   a   great   job   and   the   price   is   right .
love   it !   works   great ...   better   than   advertised !   i   would   have   recomended   this   product   to   others   and   it   works   like   a   dream   on   my   daughters   hair   too !
great   value   i   was   very   pleasantly   surprised   by   this   hair   dryer !   i   am   not   willing   to   spend   50   or   more   on   a   fancy   hair   dryer ,   so   i   hoped   this   one   would   be   close   enough .   it   works   great   better   than   expected !   dries   fast   and   gets   plenty   hot .   it   comes   with   several   attachments   which   fit   securely   and   don   t   fall   off .   also   love   the   miles   long   cord   so   i   can   stand   anywhere   in   the   bathroom   while   drying   my   hair !
does   what   it   says   it   does   i   bought   this   after   my   last   conair   blow   dryer   pooped   out .   br   br   pro   dries   quickly ,   silky ,   smooth   hair   br   con   none   yet
not   so   great   for   my   very   thick   voluminous   hair   i   have   really   thick   hair   that   needs   a   lot   of   heat   to   dry   and   be   styled .   i   was   pretty   disappointed   right   away   by   the   hot   setting   didn   t   feel   very   hot   to   me .   the   only   time   the   air   actually   felt   hot ,   rather   than   warm ,   was   when   i   turned   the   setting   up   to   high   and   then   i   had   to   work   so   fast   to   dry   my   hair   that   if   i   made   a   mistake ,   i   would   have   to   wet   my   hair   and   start   over   again !   the   high   setting   is   no   joke ,   it   really   moves   the   air .   but   i   can   t   use   it   every   day   or   else   i   d   look   like   i   just   walked   out   of   a   wind   tunnel .   br   br   also ,   i   didn   t   find   the   switches   very   easy   to   use ,   especially   if   my   hands   were   even   a   little   damp   was   hard   to   get   a   good   grip   maybe   i   m   just   a   weakling   .   i   much   prefer   switches   that   actually   protrude   from   the   handle   that   can   be   flipped   with   your   thumb ,   if   that   makes   sense .   br   br   anyway ,   it   s   not   totally   useless ,   i   just   had   some   issues   with   it .   i   will   say   the   concentrator   and   diffuser   attachments   are   great ,   but   with   the   heat   speed   settings ,   just   not   a   good   match   for   me .
great   product   we   re   in   the   health   care   industry ,   often   times   after   our   patients   undergo   mri   and   other   brain   imaging   procedures ,   they   need   to   shampoo   their   hair .   this   product   is   just   right !   works   fast !
this   hair   dryer   is   great !   i   recently   bought   this   onei   mk   l   air   ionque   hair   dryer   and   it   s   the   best   ever !   it   arrived   so   fast   to   my   door   and   i   use   it   on   my   shampooed   hair   and   it   dries   fast   and   my   hair   is   not   dried   out   like   my   other   hair   dryer ..   my   hair   actualy   feels   like   silk .. very   smooth ...   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product   to   my   family   and   friends !   br   br   thank   you ..   br   linda   br   ri
it   s   ok   my   trusty   hot   tools   dryer   that   i   bought   from   ulta   died   on   me   after   two   years   of   daily   use ... so   i   decided   to   get   this   one   given   the   reviews .   this   is   a   lot   lighter   than   my   previous   one   but   it   doesn   t   seem   to   have   the   same   power   and   oomph   hot   tools   pink   dragon   ionic   hair   dryer   had ... it   still   gets   the   job   done   tho ... the   only   thing   i   d   say   sucks   is   that   it   doesnt   come   with   a   diffuser   and   the   nozzle   is   an   odd   oval   shape   it   s   not   like   i   can   buy   a   universal   diffuser   to   fit   it .  
can   t   be   beat !   this   was   to   be   a   replacement   for   a   sunbeam   dryer   we   had   in   our   home   which   is   now   working .   surprise !   we   arenow   thinking   of   putting   it   in   our   vacation   condo .   these   dryers   are   absolutely   excellent   and   we   will   buy   another   as   a   backup   in   case   you   all   stop   manufacturing   them .   highly   recommend   this   product !
a   i   have   used   these   little   wall   hung   hair   dryers   while   on   vacation   and   wondered   if   i   would   like   one   at   home .   i   do ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   i   tossed   my   remington   and   love   this   little ,   convenient   giant   of   a   hair   dryer !   i   think   i   am   drying   my   hair   in   half   the   time   i   previously   took .   why   didn   t   i   buy   this   sooner  
conair   1875   nice   size ,   convenient   for   travel ,   powerfull   and   light .   dual   voltage   is   very   beneficial   if   you   travel   to   europe .   very   happy   with   the   purchase .
good   quality   this   dryer   has   good ,   strong   air   flow   and   is   conveniently   small   for   traveling .   it   is   a   good   bargain   for   the   price   and   i   would   recommend   it .
happy   consumer   a   great   dryer   for   me   i   have   arthritis   ,   not   heavy   and   does   all   i   need   for   drying   and   styling   my   hair .   bargain   priced   too .
works   great   i   enjoy   using   this   product .   dries   long   hair   very   fast .   i   have   no   problem   recommending   this   product   to   a   friend .
good   product   we   were   concerned   to   begin   with   because   of   a   post   about   weight   but   found   that   this   was   in   fact   the   perfect   size   for   us .   it   seems   to   be   well   built .   our   issue   with   a   different   brand   had   been   that   the   cord   would   break   where   the   cord   met   the   handle   and   it   seems   as   though   this   one   the   cord   is   a   little   more   protected .   we   will   see   how   it   holds   up   over   time   but   as   of   right   now   i   m   very   hopeful .
good   i   like   the   dryer .   good   quality ,   but   heavy .   can   recommend   the   product .   was   delivered   faster   then   expected .   usps   delivry   guy   did   not   ring   the   bell .   just   drop   the   dryer   next   the   door
noisy   and   no   much   air   revlon   has   usually   been   a   tried   and   true   product   for   me .   but   this   particular   hair   dryer   is   not   good .   i   will   return   it   and   go   into   a   store   to   test   them   out .   this   dryer   has   a   very   tin   sounding   motor   and   the   air   coming   out   of   the   machine   is   minimal .   very   disappointing .
really   heats   up !   i   really   ordered   this   for   the   price   and   color .   i   was   very   surprised   to   realize   how   hot   it   gets .   br   i   never   use   the   highest   heat   setting .   i   don   t   think   i   could   stand   it !   br   this   dryer   gets   hot   and   very   rapidly .   i   don   t   feel   the   need   to   go   above   the   medium   setting .   br   don   t   want   to   trip   a   circuit   or   melt   it .   pretty   powerful !
nice   the   blow   dryer   came   before   expect   so   thats   great .   everything   was   great   br   my   only   complaint   is ,   i   have   thick   hair   so   im   scared   i   might   break   the   combs   br   br   great   product
john   frieda   hair   blow   dryer   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer .   it   is   quiet   and   has   a   powerful   fan   blower .   it   has   3   settings   each   for   heat   and   blower   speed .   br   there   is   also   an   instant   cool   button   to   cool   down   the   air   no   matter   what   heat   setting   it   is   on .   it   has   a   long   cord   which   br   is   nice .   it   is   a   litlle   larger   in   size   than   some   and   somewhat   heavier .   however ,   the   heat   and   blower   features   and   quietness   br   more   than   offset   this .
powerful !   my   daughter   in   law   recommended   this   blow   dryer ,   so   i   purchased   it .   it   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   than   my   other   blow   dryer .   it   s   light   weight   and   easy   to   use ,   yet   powerful !
great   while   it   lasted ...   i   really   very   much   liked   this   hair   dryer   while   it   lasted ,   which   was   about   6   months .   if   i   had   written   the   review   earlier ,   i   d   have   given   it   5   stars .   but ,   suddenly ,   the   high   speed   fan   stopped   working ,   the   low   speed   works ,   but   it   s   hotter   than   it   was   which   scares   me   a   little   .   it   gets   such   great   reviews ,   both   on   amazon   and   consumer   reports .   but   why   did   it   die   so   soon   my   previous   cheep   hair   dryers   have   always   lasted   for   years !   now   the   best   amazon   can   offer   is   approx .   50   refund   if   i   send   it   back   since   the   30   day   return   policy   is   past .
broke   after   a   trip   i   liked   the   concept   of   this   portable   hair   dryer   so   i   purchased   it   before   a   trip .   i   m   not   sure   why ,   and   i   could   have   ended   up   with   a   faulty   model ,   but   it   broke   after   being   used   three   times .   the   plastic   near   the   handle   broke   and   got   sucked   up   into   the   motor ,   rendering   it   unusable .
great !   fast   arrival   i   love   this .   it   s   just   what   i   wanted   when   i   decided   to   buy   a   blowdryer .   fast   shipping ,   too .   good   buy .
great   for   the   money   fabulous   little   blow   dryer .   small ,   compact ,   great   for   packing   and   travel   but   still   has   plenty   of   power   to   get   the   job   done   quickly .   worth   the   money ,   seems   sturdy   like   it   will   go   the   distance !
excellent   hair   dryer !   a   bit   on   the   heavy   side   but   very   well   made .   wide   range   of   heat   and   blower   settings .   works   great !   when   was   the   last   time   that   you   bought   an   electrical   appliance   for   under   30   that   had   a   four   year   warranty  
loved   it   while   it   lasted .   i   ordered   this   conair   hair   dryer   back   in   june   of   2012 .   i   have   had   many   conair   hair   dryers   over   the   years   and   have   always   been   very   happy   with   them .   i   would   get   many   years   of   use   out   of   them   before   they   finally   succumbed .   when   my   previous   hair   dryer   died   i   again   wanted   a   conair   since   i   had   good   luck   with   them   so   i   ordered   this   one .   i   loved   this   dryer   all   the   way   up   until   today .   while   drying   my   hair   it   just   died   after   about   5   minutes   of   use .   my   hair   is   not   long ,   just   below   my   shoulder ,   and   usually   takes   me   about   10   to   15   minutes   to   completely   dry   depending   on   time   of   year .   i   thought   that   maybe   i   just   blew   the   alci   so   i   followed   the   operating   instructions   to   try   and   reset   it .   no   luck .   so   i   let   it   sit   for   a   couple   of   hours   to   then   try   again .... still   no   luck .   it   is   dead .   again ,   i   have   had   other   conair   hair   dryers   that   lasted   for   many   years   with   no   problems .   br   so   because   this   particular   dryer   only   lasting   just   under   13   months   i   am   giving   it   the   one   star .   i   haven   t   given   up   on   conair .   i   will   continue   to   buy   conair   hoping   my   next   one   will   last   longer .
mounting   plate   machine   screws   were   too   short   to   engage   the   plate .   luckily   the   hardware   has   these   2mm   x   20   mm   screws   i   needed .   blower   volume   is   lower   than   i   wanted   and   or   expected .   this   is   not   a   low   line   dryer   for   andies .   will   dry   my   hair ,   but   will   take   longer   than   i   wanted   it   to ,   so   it   did   not   meet   my   expectations .
great   small   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   to   replace   and   supplement   a   1980s   version   of   these   compact   hairdryers   after   trying   one   that   advertised   as   34   compact   34   but   really   only   featured   a   folding   handle   that   was   prone   to   folding   while   in   use !   this   one   is   the   nice   true   compact   type   i   like .   it   also   has   decent   quality   of   wire   some   of   that   cheap   wire   nowadays   hardly   bends   ,   and   the   cord   is   a   generous   6   feet .   the   long   cord   is   also   a   big   selling   point   since   a   lot   of   the   newer   dryers   have   4   foot   cords .   i   cannot   comment   on   the   international   power   settings   since   this   will   probably   only   be   used   in   north   america .   it   does   have   2   separate   blowing   speeds .   the   high   speed   is   good ,   but   my   older   dryer   is   just   a   little   more   powerful .   however ,   this   one   is   good   enough   and   the   controls   are   set   up   for   easy   one   handed   usage ,   with   high ,   then   34   off   34   then   34   low   34   all   on   one   simple   power   button .   my   hands   are   arthritic   and   this   is   much   easier   button   placement   than   having   the   buttons   on   the   front   of   the   handle .   also   has   a   hanging   loop   as   shown   in   the   photo   and   i   will   be   using   that   rather   than   folding   the   cord   up   after   each   use   to   store   it .   overall ,   this   feels   like   a   high   quality   product   and   over   the   past   month   or   so   i   have   used   it ,   has   been   excellent .   i   would   buy   it   again ,   and   no   stupid   folding   handle   to   try   and   get   34   compact   34   rating .
works   just   as   it   s   suppose   to   i   had   no   problems   with   this ,   it   works   the   diffuser   was   what   i   really   wanted   the   concentrator   i   haven   t   tried   and   that   works   too .
ouch !   painful   design   flaw   this   hair   dryer   sucks   my   hair   into   the   back   end   and   pulls   hair   right   out   of   my   head .   i   ve   had   very   long ,   very   curly   hair   for   20   years   and   have   used   many   hair   dryers ,   and   that   has   never   happened   before .   i   don   t   know   how   other   dryers   prevent   this   from   happening ,   but   they   forgot   to   add   that   feature   to   this   design .   i   ve   used   it   twice   and   am   returning   it .
redesigned   yellow   bird   dryer   is   low   quality   buyer   beware .   the   classic   yellow   bird   dryer   has   been   redesigned .   the   dryer   is   lighter   in   weight   which   professional   hair   stylists   probably   appreciate   ,   but   the   air   current   flowing   out   of   the   dryer   is   considerably   weaker   than   on   the   older   model .   what   a   disappointment .   i   had   to   return   mine   because   the   quality   was   so   bad   after   having   used   yellow   bird   dryers   for   many   years   .
works   fine   i   bought   this   specifically   to   work   on   repairing   my   inflatable   kayak   heat   the   fabric   when   patching .   works   fine .   good   value   for   the   .
great   and   powerful   little   hairdryer !   this   dryer   is   easy   to   hold   and   has   alot   of   power   and   force .   i   have   thick   hair   and   it   dries   my   hair   very   quickly .   a   great   buy !
so   far   so   good !   i   have   really   long   hair   so   i   go   through   blow   dryers   like   there   is   no   tomorrow !   this   one   so   far   has   lasted   over   6months   for   me   which   i   think   is   great ! !   it   does   have   a   funny   way   of   turning   it   on ,   but   once   you   figure   that   out   you   are   good   to   go !
conair   1875   hairdryer   i   have   a   revlon   1875   which   i   have   had   for   years   and   love   it .   i   wanted   something   similar   to   stay   at   our   trailer   and   to   be   used   at   weekends .   this   fits   the   bill   exactly .   low   price   and   does   the   job   perfectly .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone .
great   dryer   this   is   my   second   blackbird .   i   had   the   first   one   for   10   years   before   it   gave   out .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   it   takes   about   20   minutes   of   drying   to   style   and   dry   my   hair .   i   m   hoping   i   have   this   one   as   long   as   the   first   one .
travel   hair   dryer   this   dryer   is   compact   but   heavier   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   i   like   the   way   it   folds ,   the   retractable   cord   makes   packing   easy .   the   dyer   is   fast .
worth   every   penny   a   stylist   recommended   this   to   me   as   it   is   the   model   they   use .   it   is   lightweight ,   compared   to   what   i   had   been   using ,   is   super   powerful   and   does   my   hair   faster .
dryer   review   love   this   dryer . have   been   using   the   same   kind   for   several   years .   lots   of   power   for   straight   hair   and   low   is   also   great   for   curly   hair .
could   use   more   air   speed   seems   like   a   mostly   quality   unit   but   the   highest   setting   still   doesn   t   give   you   a   lot   of   air   speed ,   just   a   lot   of   heat .   the   cold   shot   button   is   hard   to   push   where   it   is   located ,   and   should   have   been   placed   on   the   opposite   side   of   the   handle .   notice   that   the   fan   speed   slows   and   becomes   erratic   when   using   the   cold   shot   button ,   but   returns   to   normal   after   release .   unsure   how   long   this   unit   will   last .   not   sure   where   the   34   ceramic   34   part   of   the   dryer   comes   in   since   the   internals   look   like   a   standard   heat   element   setup .   don   t   like   this   as   much   as   the   vidal   sassoon   unit   that   it   is   replacing .
perfect   for   what   i   wanted   i   read   reviews   on   this   that   said   the   night   light   was   too   bright .   i   don   t   agree   at   all   besides ,   i   would   not   recommend   ever   leaving   a   blow   dryer   plugged   in   all   the   time .   it   s   a   great   little   dryer .   no   more   having   to   keep   in   a   drawer ,   taking   it   out ,   putting   it   back ,   every   time   i   want   to   use   it .   it   was   a   snap   to   put   together   and   get   on   the   wall .
conair   hair   dryer   i   been   using   conair   hair   dryers   for   years ,   but   this   one   is   the   worst   hair   dryer   i   ever   used .   it   burns   your   hair .   i   didn   t   have   the   box   anymore ,   or   i   would   have   returned   it .
saves   time   i   have   thick   hair   and   this   dryer   saves   about   10   minutes   off   drying   time .   my   hair   looks   smoother ,   as   if   i   ve   had   a   salon   blowout .   i   d   recommend   it .
powerful   blowdryer   this   blowdryer   has   great   wind   power   and   delivers   a   lot   of   heat   both   make   it   great   at   styling   my   very   curly   hair .   it   is   a   reasonable   weight   and   fits   comfortably   in   my   small   hands ,   which   makes   maneuvering   it   easy .   i   only   wish   it   came   with   a   diffuser   attachment .
love   this   medium   sized   blowdryer !   i   love   the   size ,   power   settings !   also ,   the   browdryer   has   a   really   nice   look   is   powerful   too .   i   feel   it   gets   hot   enough   on   the   hottest   setting ,   medium   heat   on   the   medium   setting   low   heat   on   the   low   setting .   i   also   like   the   cool   air   button   too .   i   m   black   with   relaxed   african   american   hair   and   it   works   just   fine   for   me .
love   this !   2000   watts   makes   a   big   difference   in   how   quick   n   easy   straightening   your   hair   is .   perfect   for   coarser   hair   types .
stay   away   this   dryer   features   a   retractable   cord .   first   time   used ,   cord   did   not   retract ,   and   dryer   was   very   heavy .   switch   for   heat   control   and   on   and   off   is   supposed   to   slide   up   and   down ,   but   is   hard   to   operate   does   not   move   easily .   and   worst   of   all ,   didn   t   dry   hair   as   well   as   the   old   conair   i   had .   br   next !
absolutely   love   it !   i   have   fine   thick   hair   and   this   product   has   cut   down   50   of   drying   time .   it   is   a   great   product   for   anyone   who   has   limited   luxury   time   to   spare .
adequate   had   the   features   i   wanted   like   cool   shot   and   retractable   cord .   the   dimensions   are   accurate ,   but   unfortunately ,   it   s   just   a   lot   bigger   and   heavier   than   i   expected .   additionally ,   the   folding   mechanism   and   the   materials   feel   pretty   cheap ,   and   i   m   not   certain   how   long   this   hairdryer   will   actually   last .
excellent   product ...........   just   received   the   elchim   professional   2001   2000   watt   classic   hair   dryer   and   am   very   pleased   with   product .   dryer   is   quiet   and   hair   dried   much   quicker   than   before .   br   would   highly   recommend ! ! ! ! !
it   is   an   excellent   product   but   its   huge   in   size .   i   liked   it   for   performance   and   hot   cold   options .   the   different   speed   options   are   also   good   but   its   so   big ,   not   convenient   for   travel   or   to   carry   around
be   aware   it   has   no   heat   selection ,   only   settings   of   high   or   low   for   air   flow .   high   almost   burns   my   scalp .   low   works   but   is   slower .   must   open   vent   at   top   to   make   it   tolerable   on   either   setting .
not   good   for   fine   hair   i   do   not   like   this   hair   dryer   at   all .   what   a   waste !   i   have   fine   hair   and   it   s   pretty   long   to   the   middle   of   my   back   and   when   i   use   this   dryer ,   it   tangles   my   hair   with   the   fine   little   knots   that   hurt   to   get   out   and   break   my   hair .   it   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   for   me ,   even   on   the   high   hot   setting   and   it   does   nothing   for   my   bangs .   like   other   people   have   said ,   the   buttons   are   right   on   the   handle   and   get   in   the   way   when   you   re   holding   it ,   so   that   s   annoying .   it   is   heavier   than   my   old   dryer   and   i   can   t   get   used   to   that .   so ,   basically ,   i   have   to   go   buy   yet   another   hair   dryer   b   c   i   can   t   imagine   being   stuck   with   this   one   for   the   next   5   or   so   years .   sorry   i   even   got   this .
bonnet   tears   the   bonnet   tore   after   three   uses   so   that   air   flow   was   impeded .   after   the   tear ,   the   air   would   not   flow   to   the   top   of   the   bonnet .   i   could   not   find   a   replacement   bonnet   when   i   searched   online .
great   dryer   this   dryer   is   powerful   but   light   weight   and   easy   to   handle .   the   diffuser   is   large   and   the   settings   make   styling   easy .
just   okay ....   this   is   not   the   best   hair   dryer   that   i   wanted   but   its   still   does   its   job .   cute ,   handy   and   affordable .
nice   nice   work . i   pretty   love   it .   low   price   and   good   function .   not   loudly .   and   i   recommend   you   to   buy   it   and   you   will   not   regret .
unretractable   cord   this   dryer   works   as   well   as   any   1875   watt   hairdryer   and   the   price   was   right .   the   main   reason   i   bought   it   was   for   the   retractable   cord .   from   the   very   first   time   i   used   this   dryer ,   the   cord   wouldn   t   retract   all   the   way   it   left   about   a   foot   loose .   could   never   find   the   time   to   return   it   my   fault   .   now ,   4   months   later ,   none   of   the   cord   retracts   which   is   frustrating .   had   i   seen   this   review   i   would   not   have   purchased   this   dryer .
small   but   mighty !   this   blow   dryer   is   compact ,   so   it   is   very   easy   to   travel   with .   it   has   a   lot   of   power   and   dries   my   hair   very   fast .   it   is   also   very   cute !
just   what   i   needed .   we   have   a   cabin   in   tennessee   that   we   use   as   our   vacation   home .   half   the   time ,   we   forget   to   take   a   hair   dryer   with   us .   this   has   solved   that   problem .   the   dryer   has   a   long   cord .   the   cord   hanger   can   be   moved   to   either   side   when   mounting   but   it   probably   isn   t   even   needed .
the   best   hair   dryer   my   wife   ever   owned   my   wife   was   trying   different   brands   of   blow   dryers   for   years .   she   was   not   impressed   at   all .   till   our   hair   stylist   receommended   elchim   professional   and   my   wife   noticed   the   difference   right   away .   she   is   very   pleased .
have   hair   dryer   will   travel   one   of   the   greatest   features   is   the   retractable   cord .   no   more   having   to   try   to   wrap   cord   for   travel .   dryer   is   better   than   most   hotel   dryers .   it   is   a   little   heavy   for   a   travel   dryer .   however ,   i   feel   that   the   trade   off   for   speed   of   drying   is   well   worth   it .
dryer   lights   on   fire !   i   purchased   this   hairdryer   back   in   november   of   2012 .   fastforward   to   june   of   2013   and   someone   was   using   the   hairdryer   while   looking   in   the   mirror   and   it   burst   into   flames !   luckily   the   person   threw   it   down   and   put   out   the   fire   but   last   time   i   checked   hairdryers   don   t   normally   do   this .
wall   hair   dryer   i   ve   been   using   this   hair   dryer   for   quite   some   time   and   have   never   been   happier .   wall   mount   keeps   counters   clear   and   i   love   the   small   size   and   light   weight .   thanks   very   much   v   r   susan
didn   t   last   we   had   this   dryer   for   1   year   before   it   died .   sadly ,   it   was   not   heavily   used   i   usually   air   dry   my   long   hair   and   my   husband   has   short   hair   that   takes   all   of   5   minutes   to   dry   if   that .   initially   it   defaulted   to   just   one   speed .   unfortunately   that   was   high   speed   which   was   such   a   loud   pitch ,   it   hurt   our   ears   to   use   it .   not   long   after   that   it   died   altogether .   i   ll   try   another   wall   mounted   dryer ,   just   not   andis .   too   bad   they   don   t   make   hair   dryers   as   well   as   they   make   the   andis   clippers   i   ve   used   for   years   as   a   dog   groomer .
andis   makes   good   on   warranty   two   year   old   dryer   quit .   exploded   inside   unit   with   a   bright   orange   fireball .   cord   was   melted   at   handle .   returned   to   authorised   service   centre .   andis   sent   replacement   free   of   charge .   they   make   good   on   their   five   year   warranty .   now   there   s   another   warranty   with   this   new   one !   br   br   hopefully   i   shan   t   experience   that   type   of   inconvenience   or   mind   you   danger   again .   noticed   before   dryer   s   demise   cord   was   hot   to   the   touch .   br   br   used   the   asin   b0009xh6tg   andis   rc   2   ionic   1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer   with   folding   handle   and   retractable   cord   whilst   awaiting   replacement .   noticed   it   didn   t   have   the   heating   capabilities   as   the   75370   has .   glad   to   have   it   back !
very   nice   unit   for   the   price   easy   to   use ,   easy   to   handle ,   easy   to   hang   up   when   done ,   works   very   well .   fairly   loud   but   not   obnoxious .   seems   very   well   made .
retractable   cord   great   idea   when   it   works   the   retractable   cord   has   become   difficult   to   retract .   this   occurred   in   a   relatively   short   time .   except   for   this   difficulty ,   i   like   the   product .
great   product !   i   love   it !   dries   hair   so   fast !   very   nice   condition .   great   i   can   remove   filter   and   clean   it !   i   think   this   will   keep   it   working   efficiently   for   longer !
quality ,   quiet ,   and   durability .   i   like   that   this   hair   drier   is   quiet .   it   has   multiple   heat   settiing   with   a   good   high   heat   setting .   it   is   comfortable   fit   for   my   hand   and   not   heavy   which   makes   blow   drying   less   toil   some .   although   not   heavy   it   does   not   lack   in   quality   and   durability .   i   have   owned   several   dryers   and   refused   to   setlle   for   a   poor   quality .   this   is   superior   in   quality   performance   and   durability   compared   to   the   typical   conair   brands . i   have   owned   for   several   months   now   and   have   no   complaints   and   works   as   well   as   the   day   i   purchased   if   looking   for   quite   and   quality   i   would   recommend   remington .   well   worth   it .
sent   back   sent   all   eight   of   them   back ,   they   were   to   bulky   and   big ,   looked   smaller   on   line ,   not   what   i   expected   at   all .
love   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   if   you   have   straight ,   no   volume   hair ,   this   hair   dryer   is   perfect .   it   gives   me   the   only   volume   my   hair   will   ever   see .   i   have   two   houses   and   have   one   of   these   in   each .   my   first   one   lasted   me   4   years   before   i   took   it   to   europe   and   all   of   the   added   voltage   was   too   much .   i   highly   recommend .
just   what   i   wanted   bought   this   to   replace   an   old   sunbeam   that   burned   out .   looks   exactly   like   the   sunbeam   one   and   even   used   same   mounting   plate   already   on   the   wall .   nice ! !
very   powerful   this   is   a   very   small   dryer   but   with   a   big   punch !   i   was   shocked   how   much   power   this   little   dynamo   has ...   i   can   dry   my   hair   faster   than   i   ever   could   with   my   larger   hand   held   dryer .   it   is   perfect   for   a   small   wall   space   and   keeps   my   counter   clutter   free ... highly   recomended !
best   little   dryer   ever   purchased   this   is   the   second   one   of   this   model   dryer   revlon   travel   1875w   i   have   purchased .   i   bought   this   one   for   my   mother   because   she   was   dying   for   it   since   i   got   it   and   it   worked   so   well .   i   bought   mine   in   2009   and   it   is   still   going   strong !   i   have   pretty   thick   long   hair ,   about   chest   length ,   and   this   dryer   is   by   far   the   best   one   i   ve   ever   had .   i   always   bought   conair   in   the   past   but   saw   this   on   sale   and   decided   to   get   it   to   travel   with .   it   ended   up   replacing   my   full   size   dryer   because   it   works   better   than   my   big   conair ,   dries   my   hair   super   fast   5   minutes   or   so   and   is   really   light .   i   dry   my   hair   almost   everyday   in   the   winter   and   only   a   couple   times   a   week   in   the   summer   to   give   you   an   idea   of   how   much   i   use   it   and   it   still   works   like   a   charm .   revlon   for   me   from   now   on .   br   br   summary   best   little   hair   dryer   you   will   buy .   powerful ,   light ,   and   great   value !
not   working   i   had   this   hair   dryer   only   a   month   and   it   has   stop   working .   if   i   send   it   back   i   only   get   half   of   my   money   back   on   this   worthless   dryer .
it   s   ok   the   product   is   ok ,   and   does   the   job ,   but   compared   to   other   infinity   hair   dryers   by   conair ,   this   one   isnt   as   powerful   and   thus   takes   longer   to   dry   the   hair .   i   do   love   the   fact   that   it   has   a   retractable   cord .
nice   and   powerful ,   love   the   nite   lite ...   but   now   its   starting   to   have   a   noise   in   the   motor .   love   the   nite   lite   and   the   heat   settings .   but   after   having   it   now   for   almost   a   year   the   motor   is   starting   to   make   a   noise .... it   stops   working   every   now   and   then .   i   would   order   this   again   if   it   burns   out .
it   does   the   job !   lightweight   and   effective .   i   d   give   five   stars   if   the   cord   was   retractable   or   had   some   easier   mechanism   to   keep   it   tidy ,   but   as   a   hair   dryer   it   is   a   great   deal   for   the   price .   thanks   conair !
it   only   stays   on   high   power   for   a   matter   of   seconds   at   a   time   this   hair   dryer   is   awful !   i   have   super   thick   hair   and   it   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   i   chose   it   because   it   is   a   high   power   hairdryer   and   has   the   tool   on   the   end   to   focus   on   each   section   of   hair   speeds   drying   time   for   me   .   when   on   the   high   airflow   setting ,   it   constantly   shifts   to   low   airflow   power   after   just   a   couple   seconds   then   goes   back   and   forth ,   high   to   low .. increasing   my   drying   time   significantly .
hair   gets   caught   my   hair   gets   caught   and   yanked   if   i   get   the   dryer   to   close   to   my   head .   also ,   it   weighs   too   much .
bought   two   and   1   was   good   and   other   had   issues .   low   air   on   the   first   but   the   2nd   was   great .   it   is   in   the   guest   bath   so   know   one   evr   has   to   pack   the   monster   blow   dryer .
you   get   what   you   pay   for .   it   takes   a   few   seconds   to   get   the   hot   air   and   the   plastic   attachments   fall   off .   i   wouldn   t   buy   again .
the   on   off   switch   broke   the   dryer   works   well   for   the   price ,   but   unfortunately   after   only   a   few   weeks   of   use ,   the   button   that   controls   whether   the   dryer   is   on   off   and   the   speed   came   off .   i   took   the   dryer   apart   and   set   an   interior   switch   to   the   34   high   34   position   so   that   whenever   i   plug   the   dryer   in   it   will   turn   on   at   the   high   speed .   i   m   not   sure   if   that   s   safe ,   but   it   allows   me   to   continue   using   the   dryer .   since   the   dryer   was   so   cheap   when   i   bought   it   under   eight   dollars   ,   it   s   not   such   a   big   deal ,   so   i   give   it   three   stars .
great   as   a   diffuser   i   have   only   used   the   diffuser   and   low   speed   setting   for   this   but   i   love   that   it   sends   only   cool   air   so   i   get   the   right   type   of   drying   power .   i   have   been   using   this   every   other   day   for   a   couple   weeks   and   i   haven   t   noticed   any   damage   to   my   hair .   it   is   also   consistently   the   same   temperature   so   i   don   t   get   a   mix   of   warm   cold   air .   the   cold   blast   button   i   think   still   works   but   i   ll   have   to   read   the   instructions   again   on   whether   you   hold   it   down   or   just   push   the   button .   if   it   s   that   you   just   push   the   button ,   i   don   t   notice   it   getting   any   cooler   after   depressing   it .   other   than   the   mysterious   button ,   this   has   been   great .   it   s   easy   to   hold   and   doesn   t   slip   in   my   hands   at   all .   the   cord   doesn   t   wrap   itself   up   while   i   m   using   it ,   which   was   an   issue   with   my   last   blowdryer .   it   was   constantly   coiling   up   when   i   lifted   it .   i   do   not   wrap   the   cord   around   the   body   of   my   tools ,   so   this   was   especially   annoying .   this   is   my   first   diffusing   hairdryer ,   so   i   cannot   compare   it   to   anything   else   but   i   will   say   that   when   its   last   day   comes ,   i   am   happy   enough   to   buy   the   same   product .
not   as   quiet   as   described .   its   small   and   mobile   but   it   is   not   quiet   at   all .   when   i   purchase   a   quiet   hair   dryer   all   i   expect   to   hear   is   air   blowing .   not   the   motor   at   all   or   even   fan   for   that   matter .   i   have   had   quieter   dryers   than   this   one   in   the   past .
gr8   buy   e   ereally   worth   the   money   paid   i   m   happy   with   the   product   a   must   buy   my   top   list   loved   it   wow
i   love   it   fully   trust   in   the   brand   and   the   model   powerful   and   good
great   hairdryer   i   first   used   this   brand   of   dryer   at   barona   casino   hotel .   it   worked   so   good   i   ordered   one   as   soon   as   i   arrived   home .   i   thought   it   would   be   really   expensive   but   it   is   not .
decent   hair   dryer   does   it   s   job .   temperature   settings   are   awesome .   you   won   t   regret   buying   it .   i   havent   tried   in   any   of   the   extra   style   dryer .
bonnet   dryer   i   love   sitting   under   the   dryer   and   being   able   to   read   or   do   handwork   and   getting   my   hair   dried   hands   free .   i   do   wish   it   had   3   settings   instead   of   just   the   two .   it   is   either   hot   or   cold   and   i   would   love   to   have   medium   as   it   does   get   quite   hot   but   i   love   being   able   to   do   something   with   my   hands   rather   than   holding   the   dryer .
replaced   1998   version   i   have   had   one   since   1998   and   loved   the   size   and   ease   of   use   mounted   on   the   wall ,   so   when   it   started   acting   up   and   i   needed   to   replace   it ...   i   was   not   sure   if   i   would   be   able   to   find   a   replacement   that   i   liked   as   much .   but   this   one   was   perfect ! ! !   i   didn   t   even   need   to   remove   the   old   wall   mounting   hardware ,   it   connected   right   to   my   old   hardware ! !   very   happy .
great   hair   dryer   love   this   hair   dryer .   my   hair   is   silky   smooth   using   this .   the   multiple   heat   settings   are   really   helpful   and   it   dries   my   long   fine   hair   very   quickly .   plus   it   is   a   great   design .   super   happy !
damaged   my   hair !   it   does   dry   the   hair   fast ,   but   it   really   damaged   my   hair .   it   would   get   my   hair   so   dry   and   fuzzy .   i   tried   it   twice ,   nad   then   gave   it   to   someone   else .   i   wouldn   t   recommend   this   at   all .
really   dissappointed   the   unit   probably   does   tame   friz   but   it   leaves   my   hair   totally   flat .   the   cord   gets   stuck   all   the   time   and   is   too   short   even   all   the   way   out .   the   unit   is   heavy   to   use .   gave   it   away   after   two   uses .
just   ok   not   crazy   about   the   diffuser ,   which   is   what   i   bought   it   for .   i   have   wavy   hair   and   this   doesn   t   really   work   for   my   hair   it   leaves   it   looking   limp   and   seems   like   it   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair   than   my   old   hair   dryer .   it   is   lightweight .   maybe   it   works   better   for   straightening  
its   a   beast ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   worked   great ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   better   then   my   other   ones   and   i   had   a   lot   of   them   ranging   from   10   100   this   one   is   the   best   so   far ! !
best   selfish   purchase   ever   so   i   was   at   a   hotel   over   the   weekend   and   they   had   one   of   these   hair   dryers .   i   thought   34   wow !   this   thing   is   quiet   and   powerful !   i   need   one .   34   mind   you ,   my   old   dryer   was   almost   6   7   years   old   so   it   was   due   time .   for   the   price   i   was   skeptical   but   holy   moly   is   this   thing   awesome !   i   m   one   of   those   34   i   hate   washing   my   hair   b   c   it   takes   forever   to   dry   34   kind   of   gals   and   this   bad   boy   had   it   completely   dry   in   a   few   minutes .   it   s   heavier   than   my   last   one   but   who   the   heck   cares   because   i   don   t   lose   hearing   after   use   and   i   m   done   in   a   few   minutes   vs   15   with   the   previous   one .   so   yeah ...   clearly   i   recommend   this .  
gets   the   job   done   it   takes   some   time   to   get   your   hair   dry ,   depending   on   how   many   rollers   you   use   and   your   hair   type ,   but   it   definitely   gets   the   job   done .   it   is   sturdy   and   hot   enough   without   burning   you   to   a   crisp .
this   is   a   great   product   for   home   as   well   as   hotel !   this   is   a   great   product   for   home   as   well   as   hotel !   i   have   one   in   each   of   my   3   bathrooms ! !
powerful   professional   blow   dryer .   i   have   frizzy   and   curly   hair   so   it   is   hard   to   find   a   blow   dryer   than   can   straighten   easily   and   quickly .   this   pro   blow   dryer   definitely   does   the   trick .   it   is   strong   and   gets   the   job   done .
good   good   and   powerful .   i   think   it   is   enough   for   boys   and   guys   to   dry   their   hair   within   2   or   3   minutes .
great   great   price .   it   s   a   good   brand ,   i   did   my   research   and   its   easy   to   control   because   of   the   different   heatsettings   . i   recommend   .   others   brands   are   expensive   when   you   could   just   get   this   product   for   less .
perfect   dryer !   the   greatest   thing   this   dryer   has   is   the   retractable   cord   and ,   of   course   the   varied   choices   for   temperature   and   blowing   power !
awesome   compact   size .   powerful   dryer .   light   weight .   super   cute   hello   kitty   and   pink .   dries   my   hair   quickly .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
decent   quality   it   replaced   my   old   conair   ionshine   with   retracting   cord .   i   was   able   to   buy   those   the   old   ones   at   the   big   w   you   know   where   for   a   reasonable   price ,   but   they   would   die   about   every   6   to   12   months .   when   the   last   one   died ,   they   didn   t   have   any   on   the   shelf   go   figure   .   so   i   tried   to   find   a   replacement   with   this   one .   br   br   it   s   a   shiny   red   color ,   but   since   it   spends   most   of   it   s   life   in   the   cabinet   under   my   sink ,   i   don   t   think   that   s   a   big   selling   point .   i   like   that   this   one   has   a   retracting   cord ,   and   the   fact   that   it   doesn   t   fold   in   half   like   my   old   ones   hasn   t   been   a   problem ,   so   far .   in   fact ,   it   s   probably   an   engineering   upgrade .   i   imagine   the   folding   types   break   more   easily .   br   br   when   i   first   started   using   it ,   it   seemed   to   take   a   bit   longer   than   average   to   dry   my   hair ,   but   after   a   few   uses ,   it   seems   to   be   34   broken   in   34   now .   i   like   that   it   has   cold ,   warm   or   hot   options   and   low   or   high   speeds .   so ,   all   in   all ,   it   does   the   job   for   a   reasonable   price   and   offers   the   retractable   cord   which   is   a   must   for   those   of   us   who   a   bit   ocd   .   only   gave   it   4   stars   because ,   well ,   it   s   not   made   of   gold   which   would   probably   melt   from   the   heat   anyway   .
not   good   the   socket   blow   up   and   got   alot   of   sparkles   make   me   so   scary   throw   it   away   and   didnt   use   it   again   ever
i   was   not   disappointed !   i   originally   came   onto   amazon   to   search   for   a   dryer   that   i   had   found   in   a   store   that   was   out   of   stock .   once   logging   on ,   i   decided   to   peruse   the   selection   of   hair   dryers   in   the   same   price   range .   this   dryer   had   the   largest   number   of   reviews   and   the   highest   rating .   i   was   replacing   an   old   dryer   and   was   looking   for   something   that   would   dry   my   hair   quickly   and   leave   it   looking   smooth .   br   br   other   reviewers   commented   on   how   great   the   onei   dryer   was ,   citing   it   s   speed   in   drying ,   it   s   ionic   component   that   left   hair   smooth ,   and   several   even   mentioned   how   quiet   the   dryer   was .   the   dryer   arrived   faster   than   anticipated   and   i   was   in   love   the   first   time   i   used   it ! !   it   did   dry   my   hair   quickly   the   same   or   faster   than   other   dryers   ,   my   hair   doesn   t   require   a   pass   through   with   a   flat   iron   on   most   days   as   it   usually   did ,   and   it   s   actually   really   quiet   like ,   abnormally   so   .   while   i   don   t   have   to   worry   about   waking   anyone   up ,   it   s   quiet   enough   not   to   drown   out   the   phone   ringing   or   my   music   playing   while   i   get   ready .   br   br   the   attachments   are   great ... as   is   the   long   cord .   i   really   love   this   product   and   hope   it   lasts   as   long   as   other   reviewers   said   it   did !
great   buy   i   got   this   hairdryer   because   it   was   cheaper   but   still   had   great   reviews .   i   would   agree   with   some   of   the   reviews   in   that   there   is   not   a   very   good   medium   heat ,   its   either   too   hot   or   cool ,   but   i   still   think   it   works   great .   i   love   it !
outstanding   product   value   this   is   a   truly   fast   dryer .   it   met   or   exceed   my   expectations .   i   have   had   it   for   about   6   months   and   love   it .
neat   and   compact .   power   this   replaced   a   conair   wallmount   dryer   without   the   led   night   light .   br   found   the   andis   model   to   be   compact   especially   with   the   unique   cord   hanger .   br   does   not   seem   as   powerful   however .   br   bright   night   light   a   real   plus !
unit   does   not   produce   enough   heat .   this   dryer   is   powerful   enough   it   just   produces   luke   warm   air .   it   was   very   convenient   to   install   as   clippped   right   on   to   the   existing   sunbeam   plate   bracket .
2cute ! ! !   i   loved   my   new   hair   dryer .   it   way   2cute ! ! .   it   looks   like   a   cute   toy   but   works   pretty   good   .   i   think   it   is   pretty   powerful .   it   dries   up   my   hair   extensions   good  
truly   awesome   hair   dryer !   very   pleased ...   really   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   super   lightweight   and   sleek .   dries   hair   quickly   and   easily .   the   price   was   on   target   and   the   shipping   was   ultra   fast   very   pleased   with   the   seller   as   well .   highly   recommend   product   and   seller !   kudos   to   both  
not   enough   air ,   heavier ,   and   just   not   impressed   i   didn   t   need   a   new   hair   dryer   but   saw   this   john   frieda   dryer   in   the   store   and   i   had   to   purchase !   i   gave   it   a   try   and   was   not   happy .   in   my   opinion   there   was   not   enough   air   coming   out ,   and   it   sounds   funny .   i   will   return   tomorrow .
1875   watt   mini   hair   dryer .   dual   voltage   love   it   i   bought   one   of   these   in   2001   for   a   3   week   trip   to   europe .   it   s   still   going   strong .   so ,   i   purchased   this   for   a   young   friend ,   just   graduating   from   high   school   and   headed   to   spain   for   some   future   studies .   hopefully ,   she   will   have   as   good   luck   with   her   s   as   i   have   had !
a   great   tool   to   have   in   the   bathroom .   it   is   convenient   and   one   doesn   t   have   to   bend   a   stretch   to   locate   it .   it   hangs   on   the   wall   and   the   night   light   is   great !
cool   mode   button   defective   the   styling   of   blow   dryer   is   great   the   functions   are   not !   the   cool   down   button   feature   was   pressed   once   for   use ,   but   got   stuck   inside   of   unit   wobbling   around ,   but   would   not   release   back   so   the   warm   mode .   the   240   v   option   only   worked   on   the   low   feature .   also ,   i   found   the   brush   attachment   flimsy ,   not   firm   and   would   eventually   wear   out   quickly .   sub   stand   features   ruined   a   great   looking   unit !   quality   would   be   the   remedy !   this   could   have   been   a   winner ... sad  
great   value   this   is   the   only   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   seen   that   has   a   cool   blower   setting   as   well   as   a   cool   shot   button .   i   like   the   cool   blower   for   finishing   when   the   day   is   hot .   i   keep   pressing   the   cool   shot   button   accidentally ,   however ,   because   it   s   so   darn   convenient .   the   cool   shot   button   is   exactly   where   my   thumb   naturally   rests   and   i   have   to   keep   that   in   mind .   the   cord   is   shorter   than   i   d   like ,   and   a   good   bit   shorter   than   my   last   dryer .   the   sliding   controls   aren   t   wonderful .   the   friction   ridges   are   quite   flat   and   the   two   slides   mesh   so   well   and   are   so   narrow   that   my   thumb   can   t   tell   them   apart .   i   have   to   press   those   flat   ridges   so   hard   that   it   hurts   my   thumb ,   so   i   use   my   34   off   34   hand   to   slide   the   controls .   there   s   some   kind   of   thin ,   plastic   like   finish   that   s   slowly   peeling   off ,   but   that   doesn   t   bother   me   at   all .   br   br   my   last   dryer   was   a   black   decker .   it   was   very   small   and   compact   and   did   the   job   for   many   years ,   possibly   as   much   as   20   years .   i   do   still   wish   i   could   have   replaced   it   with   the   same   thing .   br   br   all   this   sounds   like   complaining ,   i   know ,   but   they   re   trivial   complaints   except   the   cord   length   .   i   ve   never   had   a   diffuser   attachment   before   but   i   found   it   worth   learning   to   use .   i   used   to   dry   and   style   my   short ,   curly   hair   in   about   a   minute   on   the   hot   setting ,   but   now   the   diffuser   and   the   warm   setting   do   it   just   as   fast   and   better .   the   conair   hot   setting   is   pretty   hot ,   so   if   you   need   that   you   ll   be   happy .   best   of   all   is   that ,   even   in   the   winter ,   my   hair   never   gets   flyaway   with   static   electricity .   br   br   i   ve   had   this   conair   less   than   a   year ,   so   i   can   t   comment   on   its   durability .   br   br   btw ,   i   bought   this   upon   the   recommendation   of   consumer   reports .   they   called   it   a   good   value   and   i   certainly   agree .   br   br   i   ve   had   it   almost   4   years   now   and   it   s   still   trouble   free .
great   professional   dryer   long   and   heavy   duty   cord ,   powerful ,   great   attachments ,   enough   settings   and   the   buttons   are   a   little   recessed   so   you   can   t   mistakenly   hit   them   while   you   re   drying .   fees   sturdy   but   not   too   heavy .   good   product   for   the   buck .
reduces   drying   time   never   heard   of   this   brand   before ,   but   found   it   in   a   boutique   hotel   and   was   very   pleased   with   so   i   ordered   it   from   amazon .   really   reduces   drying   time   which   results   in   smoother   hair .   highly   recommend .
soft   bonnet   hairdryer   most   convenient   for   me   there   aren   t   too   many   of   the   soft   bonnet   hairdryers   available ,   so   this   is   the   one   that   i   ve   had   the   most   success   with .   i   just   wish   it   were   easier   to   get   replacement   bonnets .   i   recently   ordered   3   for   the   dryer   that   i   already   had ,   but   the   bonnets   have   been   on   34   back   order   34   for   months ,   so   i   had   to   buy   a   whole   new   dryer .
great   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   there   are   more   settings   on   this   dryer   than   i   have   ever   had .   it   seems   to   dry   my   hair   quicker
very   good   product ..   so   far ,   this   is   the   first   time   i   ve   purchased   the   real   pro   with   affordable   price ... it   dry   fast   with   impressive   speed .... love   it
love   it !   its   brand   new ,   just   as   expected .   works   perfectly !   it   fits   all   of   the   descriptions   of   when   i   purchased   this   product !
love   it ,   especially   the   night   light   handy   convenient .   love   the   cord   hanger ,   i   use   it   to   hang   my   flat   iron .   very   good   product   for   the   cost .
well   designed ,   easy   to   use   and   easy   to   mount   this   unit   performs   well   and   was   easy   to   install .   we   especially   like   the   magnet   34   latch   34   which   holds   the   dryer   into   the   wall   mount .   there   are   no   plastic   latch   parts   to   break   and   you   don   t   have   to   push   the   dryer   into   the   mount   to   lock   it   into   place .
lightweight   and   effective   i   bought   this   for   traveling .   i   have   very   thick   hair   that   takes   a   long   time   to   dry .   this   blow   dryer   is   light   weight   but   still   does   a   good   job   of   drying   my   hair .
great   blow   dryer !   i   have   kinky   curly   4a   hair .   br   pros   br   i   was   looking   for   a   blow   dryer   that   had   a   lot   of   power   to   dry   my   hair   quicker   and   make   my   hair   less   frizzy .   this   blow   dryer   does   a   great   job   drying   my   hair   faster   and   it   makes   my   hair   softer   and   straighter .   it   can   get   very   hot .   lots   of   power .   i   like   that   it   has   four   heat   settings .   its   also   very   sturdy   br   cons   br   a   little   heavier   than   i   expected   but   its   not   too   bad .   its   four   speeds   but   you   have   to   play   around   with   it   to   get   the   right   speed   that   you   want   because   you   cant   tell   which   is   the   low ,   medium ,   and   high   speed .   br   br   other   than   that   i   really   like   this   blow   dryer
perfect   i   actually   use   this   in   the   garage   for   drying   glues ,   paints   and   finishes ,   replaced   a   unit   i   had   for   years ,   works   great
excellent   for   traveling   i   bought   thus   dryer   after   using   it   at   a   hotel   and   decided   i   must   have   it .   i   love   the   way   the   handle   folds   for   easy   packing   into   my   suitcase ,   the   cool   button   is   easy   to   reach   and   my   hair   does   not   get   frizzy !   did   i   mention   the   retractable   cord ,   another   feature   that   i   love !   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer !
dryer   i   purchased   as   a   back   up   for   the   last   one   i   bought .   i   shuts   of   when   it   gets   to   hot .
good   hairdryer   i   have   wavy   hair   that   can   be   coaxed   into   curls   or   dried   straight .   this   hairdryer   works   for   both ,   and   dries   quickly   whether   for   curly   or   for   straight   hair .   the   diffuser   is   wonderful .   i   can   put   my   hair   into   it   and   my   hair   stays   without   blowing   out   of   it .   i   get   nice ,   voluminous   curly   hair .   there   is   a   wide   range   of   blower   strength   and   heat   available   for   this   hairdryer ,   and   for   blowdrying   straight ,   i   need   to   use   one   notch   below   the   maximum   for   both .   otherwise ,   my   hair   blows   everywhere .   despite   the   blower   strength ,   the   hair   dryer   is   pretty   quiet   and   fairly   light .   the   cord   is   nice   and   long .   one   last   thing   i   already   knocked   this   hair   dryer   off   my   counter   top ,   and   it   survived ,   seemingly   without   any   problems .
nice   product   not   using   is   regularly   but   its   serving   the   worth   of   the   price .   its   is   small   and   easy   for   carrying   during   the   travel .
love   it !   love   it !   lighter   th ! an   i   thought   a   dryer   could   be .   lives   up   to   it   s   reputation ... dries   my   thick   hair   in   record   time
good   dryer .   hot   but   not   too   hot .   lightweight .   compact .   only   flaw   would   like   more   focused   air   stream .   otherwise ... just   right .   hope   it   has   a   long   life .
just   what   i   needed !   i   m   traveling   to   europe   and   i   need   a   hair   dryer   with   diffuser .   i   really   like   it !   is   not   heavy ,   easy   to   handle .   is   hot   but   you   can   change   it   to   a   low   temperature .   best   part ,   voltage   for   us   and   europe .   just   love   it !   very   cute !
love   it   my   wife   love   it   she   try   it   immediately   on   my   daughter   they   love   it .   really   worth   your   money   try   it .
better   than   my   last   hairdryer   i   bought   this   based   on   a   recommendation   from   a   freind .   i   think   its   a   good   haridryer ,   i   have   had   no   issues .   my   last   one   that   just   stopped   working   was   considerably   more   expensive   than   this   one   so   just   comparing   the   two   this   one   comes   out   on   top   for   sure .   lots   of   air   flow   and   a   large   handle   thats   comfortable   in   the   hand .
best   hair   dryer   ever   lightweight   and   compact   but   powerful .   used   one   in   a   hotel   and   immediately   ordered   one   when   i   returned   home .   after   years   of   using   a   hair   dryer ,   this   is   myall   time   favorite .   i   use   it   most   every   morning   and   love   it .   plus ,   it   was   reasonably   priced .
powerful   and   lightweight   this   is   not   a   compact   travel   hair   dryer ,   but   for   home   use   it   s   sleek ,   lightweight ,   and   powerful .   it   has   all   the   features   anyone   would   need ,   and   it   s   easy   to   handle .
compact   traveler   the   dryer   works   efficiently   and   is   easy   to   pack .   the   unit   does   not   have   the   power   of   my   older   traveler   hair   dryer ,   but   is   more   than   adequate .   br   br   i   would   buy   this   product   again .
like   this   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   light   and   easy   to   use .   it   met   my   expectations   for   drying   medium   length   hair .   very   pleased .
perfect   product   product   was   shipped   promptly ,   is   exactly   as   advertised .   not   too   much ,   not   too   little ..... does   the   job   to   dry   both   my   hair   and   my   chihuahua   s   after   a   bath .
nice   hair   dryer !   i   love   the   ionic   conditioning   feature   of   this   hairdryer .   it   works !   other   than   that ,   it   s   pretty   much   your   average   hair   dryer .   i   do   keep   accidentally   turning   it   off   because   of   the   way   the   switch   is   located ,   but   i   expect   i   ll   eventually   adapt   to   that .
hair   dryer   by   andis   my   wife   used   this   brand   she   saw   at   disney   while   on   vacation   last   year ,   she   liked   it   enough   that   she   decided   she   wanted   one   like   it .   after   searching   amazon   i   was   surprised   to   find   it   and   order   one .   works   well   and   wife   is   happy .   seems   to   have   a   stronger   air   output   than   more   expensive   brands .
it   dries   hair   for   the   price ,   this   is   a   good   product .   i   have   long ,   thick   hair   and   it   doesn   t   take   very   long   to   dry   with   this   one .   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   diffuser   is   pretty   small .   otherwise ,   it   s   a   good   dryer .
great   professional   quality   dryer   i   love   this   vidal   sassoon   dryer .   do   not   be   fooled   by   its   size   and   34   full   size   34   .   it   is   super   light   and   dries   my   long   hair   in   minutes .   it   has   2   heat   settings   and   a   hot   and   warm   mode   for   drying   and   setting   respectively .   it   has   the   option   to   turn   the   ions   on   and   off   which   helps   in   a   good   blow   dry .   it   comes   with   the   nozzle   attachment   for   focussed   drying   and   prevention   of   frizzies .   it   also   comes   with   the   curl   enhancer   which   helps   in   creating   voluminous   natural   waves .   br   br   i   was   pleasantly   surprised   by   how   light   it   is   and   i   manage   to   dry   my   hair   with   only   one   hand ,   while   combing   with   the   other   hand .
jj   my   dream   hair   dryer .... great   product .   this   hair   dryer   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   gives   me   the   smoothness   that   i   want .   i   enjoy   using   this   hair   dryer   because   it   gets   the   job   done   in   less   time .   my   hair   is   thick   and   it   takes   forever   to   dry   but   not   with   the   andis   82005   professional   1875   watt   ceramic   ionic   hair   dryer ! !
i   really   like   this   product   and   it   s   dual   voltage !   i   bought   this   because   i   could   not   use   my   conair   infiniti   pro   hot   brush   when   i   travel   to   other   country .   fortunately ,   this   performs   much   better   than   the   conair   hot   brush .   aside   from   providing   me   a   good   styled   hair ,   my   hair   also   shines   better   after   using   this .   this   product   is   very   durable ,   it   shows   on   the   design .   i   ve   been   using   this   regularly   for   three   months   now .
nice   product   low   noise   the   dryer   is   very   quiet ,   gets   hot   quickly   and   has   three   levels   of   speed ,   but   the   fastest   speed   still   seems   a   bit   slower   than   other   pro   dryers ,   but   i   am   happy   with   it   and   got   a   lifetime   warranty   for   giving   feedback   to   the   site .
very   pleased   we   went   out   west   traveling ,   i   took   this   mini   hair   dryer .   it   worked   great .   it   was   small , but   it   worked   better   than   my   full   size   one   at   home .   it   didn   t   take   up   much   room ,   and   it   was   light .   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   traveling   .   perfect !
good   for   the   price   since   switching   to   this   hairdryer ,   my   drying   time   is   significantly   less .   it   has   good   air   power ,   without   over   heating   your   hair .   plus   the   attachments   are   great   since   i   like   to   switch   between   curly   and   straight .
excellent   product   my   wife   is   very   happy   with   this   purchase .   i   chose   the   product   because   the   ad   stated   it   was   quiet ,   light   powerful ,   professional   quality .   i   have   found   everyting   to   be   as   advertised   or   better .   hairblower   is   very   quiet   and   light   to   hold .   these   were   impotant   factors   in   choosing   this   prduct .   price   was   very   reasonable .   delivery   was   quick .   product   was   received   in   pristine   condition .   i   highly   recommend   this   product   and   seller
great   product !   makes   my   hair   shiny   and   soft .   i   love   this   flat   iron !   great   deal   compared   to   other   quality   flat   irons !   i   would   highly   recommend   to   anyone .
great   hair   dryer   a   hotel   we   recently   stayed   in   had   this   hair   dryer   and   i   loved   it   so   much ,   had   to   buy   one   when   i   got   home .   br   dries   hair   quickly   and   is   nice   and   light   too .
don   t   buy   this   the   first   two   did   not   work   and   were   replaced   by   amazon .   the   3rd   one   worked   for   14   months   and   then   burned   up   after   turning   on   by   itself   in   the   middle   of   the   night .   luckily ,   we   were   home   and   unplugged   it   before   it   caught   fire !
good ,   not   great   the   hairdryer   takes   a   lot   longer   to   dry   my   hair   with   compared   to   the   one   i   had   in   the   past .   i   don   t   notice   any   difference   like   it   claimed   in   the   description   to   help   ease   flyaways   and   tame   hair .
andis   rc   2   ionic   1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer   like   the   fact   it   is   so   compact   that   it   is   not   difficult   for   travel   as   it   takes   up   little   room .   has   a   nice   quiet   sound   and   drys   my   hair   very   nicely .   also   the   retractable   cord   it   great   so   you   don   t   have   alot   of   cord   that   you   have   to   wind   up .   this   item   also   works   well   in   a   small   drawer   if   being   used   at   home .
great   value   i   felt   this   dryer   was   great   for   the   money .   it   is   not   one   of   the   best   dryers   out   there   but   i   felt   it   was   sufficient   in   getting   my   hair   dry   in   a   short   time   period .   i   am   not   one   of   those   folks   who   wants   to   wait   very   long   for   my   hair   to   dry   but   i   also   didn   t   want   to   use   a   towel   either .   that   s   why   i   love   this   dryer .   it   is   low   cost   which   should   be   great   for   those   people   on   a   tight   budget .
travel   dryer   this   dryer   was   not   as   small   as   i   expected   it   to   be   .   also   was   not   as   light   as   i   wanted .
conair   styler   this   hair   appliance   works   well .   no   issues   to   date .   it   came   with   two   2   attachments ,   both   of   which   i   use   intermittently .   it   is   lightweight   and   easy   to   handle .   the   button   that   changes   the   temperature   of   the   drying   air   is   in   a   bad   spot   and   every   now   and   then   it   is   easy   to   switch   the   drying   temperature .   easy   enough   to   change   it   back ,   but   it   should   be   in   a   different   area .
nothing   special   after   reading   all   the   reviews ,   it   seemed   as   if   this   dryer   would   perform   well   for   my   hair   type .   i   have   thick ,   coarse ,   asian   hair   and   a   lot   of   it .   this   dryer   is   nothing   special   though .   it   s   not   that   powerful ,   and   nothing   worth   raving .   br   br   pro   three   heat   settings   the   fastest   speed   though   is   not   that   powerful   br   br   con   retractable   feature   makes   the   cord   quite   short .   br   br   however ,   my   roommate   who   has   thin   hair   loves   this   hair   dryer   and   is   even   considering   getting   her   own .
how   do   i   use   this   product   in   africa , already   got   one .   i   ordered   for   this   hair   dryer   because   of   the   advantages   i   saw . i   have   had   a   revlon   dryer   i   had   used   for   a   long   time   and   i   guess   i   was   due   for   a   change .   br   i   really   looked   out   for   one   very   good   and   with   very   advanced   settings . i   was   able   to   get   this   dryer   down   to   africa , from   the   u . s . however , on   receiving   infiniti   conair   dryer   i   was   so   anxious   to   use   it . like   my   custom   has   always   been ,   i   read   the   manual   and   was   so   suprised   it   was   a   125volts ! i   was   so   dissappointed ... i   have   not   been   able   to   use   the   product   since   i   received   it .   br   my   question   is   how   do   i   use   the   product   since   my   country   has   a   voltage   of   220volts . i   would   really   love   to .
perfect   in   thailand   brought   this   to   thailand .   although   there   were   blow   dryers   in   the   rooms ,   i   always   prefer   to   have   one   that   is   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   hair   quickly .   this   is   awesome !   compact   and   worked   great .   just   make   sure   you   read   directions   before   using   in   a   220   v   outlet !
really ,   hands   free   my   wife   has   m   s   and   she   has   difficulty   holding   the   hair   dryer .   i   was   skeptical   of   this   product   working   because   it   is   one   of   those   as   seen   on   tv   products .   boy ,   was   i   surprised .   out   of   the   box ,   on   the   mirror ,   connected   the   hair   dryer   and   hands   free   drying .   we   happened   to   have   a   full   size   mirror   above   the   bathroom   sink .   since   the   blo   and   go   is   a   little   heavy ,   i   don   t   think   it   would   work   well   on   a   small   mirror   of   a   medicine   cabinet .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used !   my   hair   is   super   thick   and   in   the   past   when   i   used   to   blow   dry   it   never   came   out   soft   and   smooth   like   after   the   salon ,   it   was   always   dry   and   frizzy .   a   beautician   friend   of   mine   recommended   switching   to   a   ceramic   iononic   conditioning   hair   dryer   and   recommended   the   brand   hot   tools .   i   had   purchased   a   ridiculously   over   priced   hot   tools   hair   dryer   and   i   figured   you   have   to   pay   more   for   results .   i   no   longer   had   dry   frizzy   hair   after   blow   drying ,   it   was   silky ,   soft   and   smooth   just   like   after   the   salon   and   i   was   overjoyed .   several   weeks   ago   my   hot   tools   hair   drier   broke .   i   couldn   t   afford   to   replace   it   so   i   looked   for   a   cheaper   alternative .   i   found   this   dryer   for   more   than   50   dollars   cheaper   than   the   one   i   was   trying   to   replace   and   it   had   very   similar   specifications ,   so   i   took   a   chance   and   i   ve   never   been   happier .   it   does   such   a   better   job   than   the   over   priced   professional   hair   dryer .   my   hair   dries   in   nearly   half   the   time .   it   s   never   been   smoother   or   softer .   br   br   the   drier   is   much   lighter   than   my   old   one   and   comfortably   fits   in   my   hand   due   to   its   ergonomic   shape .   it   isn   t   very   loud   like   most   driers ,   instead   of   a   high   pitched   whiny   sound   it   s   nice   low   whooshy   sound .   i   always   compared   hair   driers   to   sounding   like   a   power   drill ...   well   this   one   doesn   t   sound   like   a   power   drill ,   it   sounds   like   a   device   that   blows   air ,   like   it   should .   the   included   attachments   concentrator   and   diffuser   are   an   added   bonus .   i   ve   used   the   concentrator   with   great   success   and   i   haven   t   used   the   diffuser   yet   since   i   recently   cut   my   hair   very   short   and   only   use   a   diffuser   for   my   natural   waves   when   my   hair   is   long   .   br   br   for   the   price   the   blow   dryer   definitely   exceeds   expectations .   i   m   going   to   buy   the   other   remington   tstudio   styling   tools   just   based   on   my   experience   with   the   dryer .
could   have   been   better   not   a   good   buy ...   nothing   like   the   ion   brand ! !   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   to   dry   thick   hair ! ! !   only   good   for   short   thin   hair   maybe ! ! !
great   for   thick   hair   dryer   is   good   if   you   have   thick   hair   dries   your   hair   very   quickly .   it   is   a   little   heavier   and   larger   in   size   than   i   prefer .   i   like   the   attachments   that   come   with   it   as   well .   very   well   made   and   good   cord   quality .
it   operates   as   advertised .   i   had   a   little   difficulty   finding   a   surface   to   put   it   on   that   would   match   up   with   a   seat   that   i   had   to   be   high   enough   up   into   the   hood .   if   you   re   short   like   me   5   2   34   ,   you   can   t   just   put   in   on   the   dining   room   table   and   use   one   of   its   chairs .   it   would   be   helpful   if   the   advertizing   text   stated   how   high   the   top   of   the   inside   of   the   hood   was   from   the   surface   on   which   the   dryer   rested .
my   hair   dryer   of   choice   i   really   love   this   hair   dryer .   my   old   dryer   died   and   i   needed   to   get   a   new   one   quickly .   i   wanted   one   that   was   quiet   and   dry   well .   i   have   an   onei   flat   iron   that   i   m   very   happy   with   so   i   was   happy   to   buy   the   hair   dryer .   i   love   the   low   volume   of   the   hair   dryer ,   love   the   ionic   switch ,   and   it   really   does   dry   well .   i   am   happy   with   my   purchase .
best   dyer   i   have   really   thick   hair   and   i   ve   tried   many   other   blow   dryer   but   the   result   is   not   d   same   as   d   conair   yellow   bird ... i   love   this   product   and   will   recommend   it   2   others
overall ,   great   dryer   that   works   as   advertised !   i   have   very   long   to   my   butt   ,   fine ,   wavy   hair .   being   dominican ,   i   remember   going   to   the   salon   every   saturday   morning   since   i   was   10   with   my   mother   so   that   we   could   pay   20   30   dollars   for   our   lady   to   blow   dry   my   hair .   br   br   fast   forward   a   few   years   i   m   30   now   i   work   full   time ,   am   married ,   and   went   back   to   school .   so ,   i   don   t   have   time   to   go   to   the   salon   and   sit   there   for   hours   until   my   hair   gets   blown   out .   br   br   thankfully ,   with   my   hair ,   all   i   have   to   do   are   rollers   and   sit   under   the   dryer   for   40   minutes   and   boom ... no   salon ,   nice   waves ,   better   than   blown   out !   much   cheaper   than   going   to   the   salon ,   btw .   br   br   i   looove   that   the   dryer   has   a   timer ,   which   means   i   don   t   have   to   watch   the   clock   constantly .   the   dryer   gets   very   hot ,   almost   too   hot   i   used   the   highest   setting   ,   but   that   means   i   spent   less   time   under   the   dryer .   it   s   not   very   loud   at   all ,   which   i   also   like .   also ,   in   order   to   adjust   height   in   most   dryers ,   one   needs   to   turn   some   sort   of   knob ,   right   not   with   this   one !   i   just   push   it   down   as   low   as   i   need   or   pull   it   up   as   high   as   i   need ,   and   i   m   done .   some   people   may   not   be   used   to   his ,   but   it   works   for   me .   br   br   when   i   do   rollers ,   i   only   use   the   jumbo   extra   large   ones   all   around   my   head .   even   so ,   i   m   still   able   to   fit   under   and   inside   the   bonnet .   br   br   i   took   off   one   star   b   c   it   was   a   bit   challenging   putting   it   together .   the   materials   seem   a   bit   cheap ,   but   overall ,   the   dryer   gets   very   hot ,   is   not   noisy ,   and   makes   it   look   like   i   went   to   the   salon !   br   br   good   buy ,   great   value .
best   hair   dryer   my   wife   ever   owned .   wife   loves   it   as   does   my   daughter .   bought   another   one   for   her .   br   fast   drying   with   out   the   frizzzzz .. ! !   light   and   easy   to   hold .   br   great   price ,   fast   ship .   great   product .
great   hairdryer   i   was   so   tired   of   cheap   hair   dryers   breaking   and   decided   to   purchase   this   dryer .   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   much   quieter   than   most   dryers   and   dries   hair   quickly .   i   would   recommend !
finally   found   a   great   hairdryer !   my   daughter   had   gotten   an   ionic   hair   dryer   and   told   me   how   much   she   enjoyed   it .   so ,   though   my   hair   is   much   shorter   than   hers ,   i   decided   to   give   it   a   try .   i   ordered   the   onei   mk   ll ,   a   different   brand   than   my   daughters .   i   loved   it   the   first   time   i   used   it .   i   color   my   hair   and   it   is   on   the   thin   side   and   this   dryer   tames   the   frizzies   and   adds   body   and   shine .   br   my   daughter   tried   it   when   she   came   to   visit   and ,   of   course ,   loved   it ! !   so   i   bought   her   one ,   too .   she   claims   that   it   is   light ,   easy   to   handle ,   dries   her   hair   quicker   and   over   all ,   does   a   much   better   job   than   her   old   one .   br   the   delivery   was   prompt   and   product   was   in   good   condition .   no   problems .
too   much   work !   this   dryer   takes   a   very   long   time   to   dry   my   fine ,   wavy ,   chin   length   hair   20   minutes   or   more   .   i   think   the   problem   is   weak   airflow .   also ,   the   styling   nozzle   keeps   falling   off ,   which   is   really   annoying .   i   ve   had   this   dryer   only   six   months ,   and   am   already   investing   in   a   new   dryer   of   a   different   brand .   i   thought   the   problem   was   my   hair   until   i   blow   dried   my   own   hair   at   my   salon   with   my   stylist   s   dryer ,   and   it   came   out   shiny   and   beautiful   in   so   much   less   time .   since   i   use   the   same   brush   and   product   as   her ,   i   know   it   must   be   the   dryer .   for   an   inexpensive   dryer ,   i   preferred   the   andis .   i   am   paying   a   little   more   for   my   next   dryer   which   is   supposed   to   be   of   better   quality .
did   a   great   job !   i   bought   this   dryer   because   it   came   with   a   diffuser   and   i   needed   a   dual   voltage   dryer   for   travel   to   europe .   it   folds   down   and   is   great   for   travel .   it   works   well   on   both   110   and   220v .   reviews   of   other   dryers   said   that   they   only   worked   on   high   when   using   220v ,   but   this   has   both   low   and   high   on   both   voltages .   the   diffuser   does   a   decent   job   of   diffusing   the   air   and   dried   my   hair   well   without   firzzing   it .   i   only   plan   to   use   it   for   travel   and   only   used   it   for   2   weeks   overseas ,   so   i   can   t   vouch   for   its   durability .   at   this   time ,   though ,   i   am   very   satisfied   with   it .
did   not   last   a   year !   i   ve   had   this   hairdryer   for   less   than   a   year   and   its   button   functions   are   not   working   anymore   even   though   the   hairdryer   itself   is   in   perfect   condition .   br   it   is   a   shame   that   conair   uses   such   cheap   materials   for   their   products .
everything   is   excellent   what   can   i   say   about   hair   dryer   why   do   you   insist   on   making   people   write   long   review   about   somthing   when   i   say   it   was   good   isnt   that   enough   now   if   it   was   1 , 000 , 000   than   that   is   different   but   it   was   not   and   i   am   done   wether   you   like   it   or   not
worked   great   for   a   few   months   loved   this   hair   dryer   the   first   few   months   i   used   it   until   it   started   cutting   off   in   the   middle   of   drying   my   hair !   my   last   hair   dryer   lasted   years   but   this   one   only   lasted   about   4   months .
awesone   dryer ! ! !   by   far   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   owned .   i   have   very   frizzy   curly   hair   and   this   dryer   definitely   does   its   job .   i   can   tell   a   huge   difference   after   using   it   the   first   time .
powerful   we   hung   this   in   our   small   bathroom .   it   s   powerful   for   a   small   hairdryer .   the   night   light   is   super   bright   a   little   too   bright .
good   hair   dryer   i   was   little   skepital   for   spending   70   for   a   hair   dryer .   i   thought   there   are   no   difference   between   30   dryer   and   70   dryer .   this   hair   dryer   is   very   quite ,   light   weight ,   dry   quick   and   well   made .   i   got   it   for   two   weeks   now   so   far   so   good !
convenient   product   this   is   my   third   andis   hangup   pro   turbo   hair   dryer   of   this   model   over   the   past   15   years   or   so .   my   husband   and   i   use   it   on   a   daily   basis   and   love   the   convenience   of   having   it   on   the   wall   for   easy   access .   product   is   very   reliable .   must   keep   dust   screen   in   back   of   handheld   unit   clean .   it   is   very   easy   to   clean   as   it   unscrews .   wall   mount   has   a   reset   button   if   unit   shuts   down   due   to   overheating   which   doesn   t   usually   occur   if   screen   is   kept   clean .   would   purchase   another   of   this   product   when   needed .
hair   dryer   i   use   this   hair   dryer   every   day   and   i   don   t   feel   as   if   it   s   doing   a   34   great   34   drying   job .   i   previously   had   a   revlon   mini   which   worked   just   great .   in   any   case ,   will   continue   to   use   this   one   until   it   dies .
good   blow   dryer ,   bad   holder   mechanism   great   blow   dryer ,   but   does   not   hold   tight   in   the   holder ,   but   rather   loosely .   after   using   it   just   a   short   time   the   plastic   piece   that   holds   the   hair   dryer   in   place   broke   off ,   now   it   is   disconnected   and   sitting   in   the   basement   not   being   used .
great   but   it   does   wear   out   in   a   few   years   i   am   purchasing   my   5th   unit .   they   last   anywhere   from   3   5   years .   thankfully   mounting   design   has   stayed   the   same   so   i   just   take   down   old   and   put   up   new .   convenience   and   low   price   is   worth   replacing   unit .
died   after   1   week   i   loved   this   travel   dryer   when   i   first   used   it .   however   this   morning ,   i   plugged   it   in   ready   to   go   and   there   was   no   response .   i   tried   using   several   outlets   in   our   house   and   got   no   action .   my   last   hair   dryer   lasted   8   years   without   failing .   this   is   very   disappointing .
works   great   unless   you   get   hair   caught   in   it   i   really   loved   this   hair   dryer   for   a   long   time   it   worked   just   fine ,   and   was   a   good   price .   br   br   then   one   day   my   mother   in   law   got   her   hair   caught   in   it   how   does   one   do   that ,   anyway   and   now   it   only   seems   to   work   at   half   power ,   and   can   get   really   hot   really   easily .   i   suppose   it   would   only   be   an   expensive   hair   dryer   if   any   which   could   take   preventative   measures   in   their   system   to   more   effectively   deal   with   that   sort   of   thing   if   it   were   to   happen .   br   br   even   so   i   m   satisfied   with   it   and   might   buy   a   new   one   for   myself ,   and   pass   off   the   old   one   to   my   mother   in   law .
wife   loves   this   hair   dryer   bought   this   hair   dryer   for   my   wife   to   replace   her   old   one   that   was   starting   to   physically   wear   out .   this   one   dried   her   hair   several   minutes   faster   than   the   old   one   even   with   hair   dust   cleaned   out   of   the   filter   .   highly   recommend ,   the   finish   is   a   soft   touch   satiny   plastic   paint   coating   that   feels   good   to   hold   in   your   hand .
cord   is   too   short   i   like   the   power   and   feel   of   this   dryer   and   the   ionic   conditioning   does   leave   me   with   less   frizz   but   the   cord   is   too   short .   i   use   an   outlet   near   the   floor   and   i   have   to   use   an   extension   cord   or   i   can   t   maneuver   above   my   head   and   i   m   only   5   5   34   .   if   your   outlet   is   counter   height   it   should   be   fine .
great   dryer   for   the   price !   this   is   a   a   wonderful   dryer ,   and   it   didn   t   cost   an   arm   and   a   leg .   why   didn   t   i   buy   it   earlier  
ordered   my   second   one   after   much   heavy   use   by   two   people   daily ,   my   original   remington   ac2015   finally   bit   the   dust .   it   lasted   a   good   long   time .   i   loved   it   so   much   i   ordered   the   same   one   as   a   replacement .   i   didn   t   even   see   what   else   was   out   there ,   which   i   never   do   i   m   the   research   queen !   i   figured   why   look   for   something   else   when   this   one   has   everything .   it   s   quiet ,   has   perfect   temperatures   and   it   dries   fast .   leaves   my   hair   silky   and   shiny .   it   is   a   bit   heavier   than   some   but   you   get   used   to   it   quickly .   feels   solid   and   has   a   nice   no   slip   texture   plus   an   extra   long   cord .   highly   recommended .
best   hair   dryer   the   dryer   is   quiet   and   powerful .   there   are   three   heat   speed   settings   and   one   without   heat .   the   dryer   has   silky   touch   surface   for   smooth   handling .   we   have   used   andis   hair   dryers   for   years .   they   are   used   in   upscale   hotels .
dries   my   hair   very   fast   hair   is   definitely   smoother   and   shinier .   this   is   a   great   product .   i   didn   t   really   believe   all   the   ionic   hype ,   but   it   really   does   seem   to   make   a   difference .   my   hair   is   smoother   and   softer   and   dries   in   much   less   time   i   d   say   30   40   faster   .   it   is   a   very   hot   hair   dryer ,   so   be   sure   to   keep   it   away   from   your   scalp   and   face .   but ,   i   love   it !
the   best   investment   so   fare   in   this   year   excellent   my   clients   love   the   way   theirs   hair   look   and   so   fare   the   best   investment   that   i   made   this   year
nice   hairdryer   the   dryer   is   stylish   and   works   well   but   is   on   the   heavy   side   and   takes   some   getting   used   to .   overall   a   good   purchase   for   the   cost .
eats   hair !   when   i   received   this   dryer   i   found   it   a   little   heavy   and   the   air   flow   was   too   strong .   also   the   buttons   are   in   a   weird   location   but   since   it   was   the   second   dryer   i   ordered   from   amazon   i   decided   to   keep   it .   big   mistake !   last   week   it   started   to   eat   my   hair .   i   have   long   hair   and   the   exhaust   end   of   the   dryer   grabs   my   hair   and   rips   it   off   my   head .   i   don   t   know   why   this   started   after   a   month   but   now   it   is   too   late   to   return   it .   doesn   t   matter ,   i   won   t   use   it   again .
best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used !   i   did   a   bit   of   research   on   the   web   to   get   a   good   price .   this   does   look   to   be   similar   to   the   andes   product   with   the   same   features ,   but   the   sunbeam   hospitality   is   the   dryer   i   have .   i   chose   this   based   on   1   retractable   cord   am   using   with   the   stowaway   tray   and   wanted   to   be   able   to   adjust   the   cord   length   so   it   didn   t   get   caught   in   the   cupbaord   when   closing   2   tourmaline   3   not   too   gigantic .   br   br   this   is   much   chunkier   and   larger   than   i   anticipated   from   the   photo ,   but   not   enough   to   annoy   me   mainly   becuase   this   is   one   of   the   fastest   dryers   i   have   ever   used .   seriously ..   and ,   added   bonus ,   the   sound   is   not   obnoxiously   high   pitched .   my   hair   is   dry   in   like   4   minutes .   with   my   older   hair   dryer   s   ... usually   after   10mins   i   stop   drying   and   i   have   mostly   dry   hair ...   with   this ,   i   have   it   on   for   4   5   mins   and   it   is   completely   dry !   love   it !   you   should   buy   one !
ionic   does   not   equal   moist   hair   i   purchased   this   product   because   i   understood   the   ionic   feature   does   not   allow   your   hair   to   dry   out .   not   true ,   my   hair   gets   very   dry   but   it   is   a   nice   dryer .
conair   ion   shine   1875   watt   hair   dryer   red   i   got   this   for   my   daughter   cause   i   have   one   and   she   loved   it ... it   got   here   fast   and   in   perfect   condition ... she   loves   it ... loves   the   power .
it   s   ok   i   did   a   search   for   34   quiet   dryers   34   and   this   came   up .   the   reviews   sounded   ok   so   i   went   for   it .   it   s   considerably   heavier   than   the   old   one   i   had   and   definitely   stronger .   overall ,   it   feels   like   a   solid   build   and   does   its   job   with   the   only   complaint   being   that   it   s   a   bit   heavier   for   some   perhaps   .   i   d   recommend   it   but   have   only   been   using   it   for   2   weeks .
good   purchase ...   i   was   excited   to   get   a   34   turbo   34   dryer .   when   i   used   it   for   the   first   time ,   i   was   disappointed   with   the   pressure   of   air   flow .   i   thought   it   would   be   more   powerful .   it   is   a   good   hair   dryer   but   not   the   greatness ,   i   was   expecting .
refund   do   not   replace !   i   have   had   three   of   these   dryers   absolutely   fail   on   me .   even   though   it   was   under   warranty   and   they   replaced   it   twice ,   the   last   one   overheated   br   and   broke   down   again .   three   times   and   you   are   out ,   so   i   will   order   another   manufacturer .   good   bye   andis
noisy   the   style   is   fine .   there   are   enough   heat   and   power   controls   for   my   liking .   it   is   too   noisy   when   you   go   to   the   higher   speeds .   i   am   still   keeping   this   and   not   using   the   higher   speeds .
efficient   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   a   bit   heavy   and   large   but   has   good   power   and   i   really   like   the   retractable   cord .
vacation   lifesaver   this   mini   blow   dryer   is   perfect   for   traveling .   i   used   it   with   the   diffuser   attachment   for   my   curly   hair ,   and   my   hair   dried   faster   than   it   does   with   my   regular   dryer   at   home .   don   t   let   the   size   fool   you .   it   s   small   but   high   powered .   i   will   never   travel   without   this   again !
our   third   this   is   an   excellent ,   compact ,   easily   installed   and   easy   to   use   dryer .   this   is   the   third   of   these   units   we   have   owned .
just   okay   i   like   some   heat   from   a   hair   dryer .   this   one   has   a   position   that   reads   34   hot   34   but ,   it   falls   short   of   that .   i   m   assuming   because   of   our   litigious   society   and   that   someone   might   drink   a   blazing   hot   cup   of   mcdonald   s   coffee   while   using   this   hair   dryer .   the   buttons   on   the   interior   of   the   handle   take   some   getting   used   to   as   your   grip   may   have   a   tendency   to   change   the   heat   setting   or   turn   it   off .   i   m   adjusting   and   am   getting   along   with   this   hair   dryer   for   the   most   part .
vidal   sassoon   love   the   dryer .   a   funny   thing   though .   i   have   short   hair   and   the   attachment   that   fluff   s   up   your   hair ,   i   have   not   mastered   using   it   yet .   i   am   afraid   i   will   knock   myself   out .   my   hairdresser   and   friends   laugh   at   me   when   i   tell   them   about   it .   otherwise ,   easy   to   handle   and   quick   to   dry .
2   months   and   it   is   junk   i   bought   this   unit   about   2   months   ago .   i   am   retired   so   i   do   not   use   it   every   day .   i   have   short   hair   so   it   has   not   seen   hard   duty .   today   it   began   to   run   erratically .   it   also   gave   off   a   burning   smell .   my   husband   checked   it   out   and   found   the   fan   motor   is   giving   off   heavy   blue   arcing .   this   is   a   piece   of   garbage   and   should   be   removed   from   the   market   place .   i   am   dismayed   that   a   name   such   as   conair   would   sell   such   junk .
great   product .   i   m   happy   with   this   product .   i   have   long   thick   hair   that   normally   takes   forever   to   dry .   this   makes   it   easier   and   faster   to   dry   my   hair .   i   m   very   satisfied   with   the   andis   dryer .
this   is   awesome   this   product   got   fast   in   a   new   not   opened   package   with   instructions   and   everything ,   it   is   usefull   and   very   light   i   love   it !
just   what   i   need   and   economical   don   t   use   it   for   more   than   5   10   minutes   week .   but   works   great ,   very   comfortable   to   hold .   just   what   i   needed   for   my   purposes .
piece   of   junk   don   t   waste   your   money .   buy   something   decent .   i   have   had   this   dryer   only   around   4   months   and   it   has   burned   my   hand   and   my   hair   because   at   times   it   gets   so   hot .   almost   from   day   one ,   sometimes   the   high   setting   stops   working   and   will   only   blow   very   low   and   cold .   then   suddenly   it   will   work   again .   well   i   am   at   work   again   today   with   flat   hair   because   once   again   the   high   setting   and   heat   stopped   working .   i   m   done   with   this   piece   of   junk .
i   bought   it   for   my   girlfriend ,   she   loves   it   i   picked   this   hairdryer   because   of   the   high   reviews   on   amazon ,   and   i   was   not   disappointed .   my   girlfriend   loves   this   hairdryer .   it   feels   like   a   quality   item   when   you   hold   it   in   your   hands .
great   blow   dryer   this   dryer   is   a   great   device   and   works   well .   it   s   small   and   can   easily   be   transported   while   travelling .   it   s   also   powerful   and   helps   to   dry   hair   out .
so   wonderful   i   bought   this   for   my   5   yea   old   daughter   because   she   always   wants   to   do   things   for   herself   and   i   wanted   to   encourage   her   independence .   this   is   so   small   and   light .   she   is   able   to   handle   it   easily   and   even   though   i   still   have   to   watch   her   and   help   with   the   use   of   a   hairbrush ,   she   is   well   on   her   way   to   independence .   it   is   very   powerful   for   its   size   and   comes   with   a   nice   bag   and   accessories .
for   rv   fits   well   in   the   rv ,   works   but   have   not   been   on   a   trip   yet   to   use   it .   amazon   c   s   was   great   to   look   up   measurements   for   me   to   make   sure   it   would   fit   in   the   space   we   had .   i   had   ordered   2 .   previously   and   they   would   not   fit .   vendors   need   to   put   measurements   of   units   in   descriptions .
simple ,   effective ,   cheap   i   needed   a   basic ,   reliable   hair   dryer .   that   is   what   i   got ,   and   i   did   not   over   pay   for   it .   br   br   the   option   for   air   only   is   convenient   in   a   pinch   i   was   able   to   dry   out   a   nearly   ruined   paycheck   without   damaging   it .
a   nice   blow   dryer   this   is   a   nice   blow   dryer .   it   works   well ,   is   very   solidly   built   somewhat   heavy   for   its   size ,   but   that   doesn   t   bother   me   .   it   is   comfortable   to   hold   and   just   the   right   size   medium ... not   to   small   or   big   .   the   highest   heat   setting   is   too   hot   for   me   which   is   a   change   from   my   previous   blow   dryer ,   but   tells   me   it   has   good   heating   elements   ,   so   i   keep   it   on   medium .   for   some   reason ,   i   thought   it   was   black   when   i   purchased   it ,   but   it   is   a   very   pretty   dark   plum   color ,   with   pink   accents ... very   34   stylish   34   !   oh ,   and   i   love   the   34   cool   shot   34   feature !
perfect !   i   have   very   thick ,   curly   hair   and   the   power   in   this   dryer   does   the   job   in   great   time !   thank   you !
great   hairdryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   love   the   retractable   cord .   the   high   speed   is   great !   i   was   surprised   by   how   quiet   it   is .
great   hair   dryer !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   fits   well   in   my   hand .   drys   my   hair   beautifully   and   quickly .   i   have   fine   hair   and   this   dryer   is   not   34   too   much   34   .   it   has   several   speeds   and   heat   options .   would   definitely   recommend .
its   alright   when   i   opened   the   box   i   was   surprised   by   how   nice   it   was .   it   has   3   different   levels   and   the   directions   even   recomend   whates   better   for   your   hair   type .   their   is   no   problem   with   it   its   just   i   thought   it   would   give   off   more   heat .   my   hair   is   thick   and   it   took   longer   than   expected   for   it   to   dry .   i   am   just   gonna   use   it   till   it   breaks   i   guess .
very   nice .   we   liked   this   so   much ,   we   bought   another   for   our   daughter   s   bathroom   so   we   could   get   ours   back !   very   quiet   and   a   reasonable   value .   the   wattage   is   fine   because   any   higher   just   cooks   your   hair   anyways .. !   time   will   tell   with   durability ..
love   it   its   slightly   big ,   but   not   heavy   that   its   aches   my   hand   of   anything .   the   ionic   technology   completely   renders   my   hair   soft   and   smooth .   never   going   back   to   normal   hair   dryer   again ! ! !   just   discovered   this ,   have   to   buy   travel   size   as   well .   but   this   product   is   good .
great   hairdryer   for   short   cuts ,   but   don   t   buy   it   if   you   have   long   hair   this   is   a   great   design   and   a   good   hairdryer   for   people   with   short   hair   like   me   ,   but   i   cannot   recommend   it   for   people   with   long   hair ,   since   it   would   take   forever   to   dry   anything   longer   than   shoulder   length   hair .   br   br   we   bought   this   to   replace   an   old   sunbeam   1800   watt   model   that   finally   gave   up   the   ghost   after   about   8   years   of   hard   use .   br   br   this   compares   well ,   except ,   it   only   gets   about   half   as   hot   as   the   sunbeam   did .   on   the   bright   side ,   this   won   t   burn   your   hair   will   dry   without   damaging   your   hair .   personally ,   i   like   it .   hubby   complains ,   because   he   wants   to   turn   on   the   dryer ,   sweep   it   over   his   head   about   6   times   and   be   finished .   no   go .   what   used   to   take   him   a   minute   now   takes   3 .   but   i   think   his   hair   looks   healthier .   he   could   care   less   he   s   a   man   on   a   mission   and   wasted   time   frustrates   him   to   no   end .   patience   is   a   virtue ,   i   say ,   as   he   rolls   his   eyes .   br   br   it   has   two   speeds   i   use   low   .   it   was   easy   to   install   i   did   it   myself   in   about   3.5   minutes   really   easy   .   you   use   2   screws   to   screw   a   small   metal   plate   onto   the   wall   in   your   desired   hanging   location ,   within   reach   of   an   electrical   outlet .   then   just   clip   the   dryer   body   onto   the   plate ,   plug   in ,   and   done !   br   br   the   design   s   great ,   because   the   dryer   can   continue   to   cool ,   even   after   you   hang   it   up ,   so   you   don   t   have   to   pre   cool   it   or   worry   about   it   overheating   in   its   stand .   it   has   a   nice   little   blueish   white   nightlight   built   in ,   a   pleasant   plus .   br   br   would   i   buy   it   again   absolutely .   do   i   recommend   it   wholeheartedly   for   short   haircuts .   i   like   it !
i   hate   this   product   the   thing   that   you   put   in   front   isn   t   their ! ! !   and   every   time   i   try   to   use   it   it   blow   half   of   my   hair   the   other   half   is   flying   up ! ! !   hate   it ! ! !
better   than   my   chi .   the   quality   of   ionized   hair   drying   you   get   with   this   dryer   is   no   less   than   top   of   the   line   salon   dryers   like   chi .   the   build   quality   of   this   dryer   is   better   than   my   chi   that   died   on   me .   when   i   opened   the   chi   to   attempt   to   repair   it ,   i   couldn   t   believe   how   cheaply   made   it   was   and   i   was   amazed   at   what   the   retail   markup   must   be .   it   s   like   jewelry ,   they   must   be   making   a   fortune ... the   only   reason   to   buy   a   chi   over   this   dryer   is   if   you   are   a   stylist   and   you   have   an   image   to   uphold ,   i . e .   pretentious   clientele   that   would   look   down   on   you   for   using   a   remington .
i   love   my   dryer   i   love   this   powerful   light   weight   dryer .   it   leaves   my   hair   shinny   with   lots   of   body .   my   granddaughter   recommended   it   to   me .   she   loves   her   dryer   also .
a   good   hairdryer   this   is   a   good   high   volume   blow   dryer .   i   need   a   dryer   that   will   add   volume   and   this   one   does   a   nice   job .   it   comes   with   3   attachments   a   root   dryer ,   a   diffuser   and   a   direction   blowing   attachment .   the   only   down   side   to   this   dryer   is   that   it   is   heavy .   not   the   worst   i   ve   had ,   but   it   is   not   light   so   if   you   have   to   spend   a   long   time   drying   your   hair ,   this   might   not   be   the   dryer   for   you .
light   and   functional .   no   complaints .   it   s   light   and   not   too   noisy .   it   has   2   blowing   speeds   and   2   levels   of   heating   which   is   enough   for   me   to   adjust   as   i   need .   i   am   using   it   for   the   last   6   month   with   no   problems   so   far .   i   got   it   thru   amazon   and   happy   with   it .
professional   hair   stylist   review   i   work   in   a   high   end   salon .   i   have   been   doing   this   for   about   10   years .   i   love   the   twin   turbo   brand .   i   had   to   send   out   my   3200   which   i   love   for   service .   i   ordered   this   one   overnight   to   get   me   by   for   a   few   weeks .   i   hate   it .   its   not   the   blowdryer   itself   but   the   way   the   nozzle   attaches   to   it .   it   pulls   hair   like   crazy .   everyone   in   the   salon   that   borrows   my   dryer   hates   it   too .   im   glad   my   3200   will   be   back   soon   and   i   will   only   have   to   use   this   as   a   back   up   or   when   i   need   my   assistant   to   help   with   an   additional   blowdryer .   get   a   3200   or   a   3800   as   they   do   not   have   this   design   flaw .
good   blow   dryer   but   didn   t   last   after   doing   some   research ,   i   decided   to   go   with   this   blow   dryer   because   it   had   all   the   features   i   wanted   and   i   was   able   to   get   it   at   a   reasonable   price .   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   just   over   a   year   and   up   until   today ,   i   only   had   one   minor   issue   with   it   the   cord   would   not   always   reel   in   all   the   way   when   i   pushed   the   button .   br   br   well ,   sadly ,   today   it   decided   to   die   on   me .   i   plugged   it   in   and   it   was   working   just   fine   when   all   of   a   sudden   it   made   a   weird   sound ,   shut   off   and   caused   the   outlet   to   smoke .   i   tried   it   in   other   outlets   to   be   certain   and   sure   enough ,   it   will   not   longer   turn   on .   i   did   use   it   pretty   much   every   day   so   it   had   heavy   use   but   i   expect   a   blow   dryer   to   last   at   least   several   years .
very   disappointed   i   was   trying   to   replace   a   hair   dryer   that   had   provided   faithful   performance   for   many   years ,   and   was   also   quiet .   this   particular   hair   dryer   seemed   like   it   would   fit   the   bill .   it   did   not .   did   not   even   use   it   for   a   whole   session .   the   main   problem   was   that   the   plug   would   not   stay   in   the   outlet .   any   small   movement ,   which   is   required   for   drying   hair ,   and   the   plug   would   fall   out   of   the   outlet .   have   never   had   a   problem   with   the   other   dryer ,   or   dryers   of   guests .   the   other   disappointment   was   how   loud   it   is .   i   wish   that   i   could   find   a   clone   of   my   old   dryer !
fantastic   i   put   this   in   my   gym   bag   and   the   features   make   this   perfect   with   folding   and   retractable   cord .   love   it .
brilliant   hairdryer   and   excellent   value   i   would   highly   recommend   this .   it   is   really   powerful   which   is   handy   for   someone   with   frizzy   hair   like   mine .   good   value   for   such   a   good   product .
dry   hair   this   is   okay ,   just   not   like   the   one   i   am   use   to   using ,   it   does   the   job ,   sort   of   but   l   must   air   dry   my   hair   first   or   if   i   force   dry   it   it   becomes   fuzzy   and   i   dont   like   that ,   other   wise   it   is   ok .   i   was   worth   the   price   i   guess .
nice   design ,   but   dryer   this   design   with   the   hook   to   hang   the   cord   on   is   great ,   but   the   dryer   itself   only   has   two   modes   34   off   34   and   34   burn   your   scalp   off   hot .   34  
good ,   affordable   hair   dryer   i   needed   to   replace   my   professional   grade   hair   dryer ,   and   i   was   considering   all   my   options .   i   wasn   t   sure   that   i   wanted   to   spend   a   significant   amount   of   money ,   so   i   tried   this   model ,   which   had   fairly   good   reviews .   br   br   it   s   fairly   quiet .   it   is   not   as   powerful   as   my   old   dryer ,   but   it   is   significantly   lighter   and   seems   to   be   constructed   well .   so   far ,   so   good .
best   dryer   i   have   ever   had   works   great   just   the   right   temp .   hair   never   looked   better   with   just   a   brush   and   dry .   love   the   retractable   cord !   definitely   the   best   dryer   i   ve   ever   had   and   at   a   great   price   to   boot !
rediculous   design   the   brush   was   really   not   made   well .   it   was   not   packaged   well   the   brush   .   the   vents   should   be   on   the   top   not   on   the   side .   it   will   catch   your   hair .
great   dryer !   hardest   blowing   hair   dryer   for   the   price .   this   is   the   second   one   we   bought .   works   great !   can   t   go   wrong .   x
just   answering   a   very   dumb   question   i   use   it   to   dry   my   hair . what   a   stupid   question   or   do   you   have   other   uses   for   a   wall   hanging   hair   dryer
dryer   who   does   not   need   a   blow   dryer   to   dry   ones   hair .   it   is   an   okay   blow   dryer .   it   will   suffice   for   now .
use   to   be   good   i   had   the   old   silver   bird   and   it   was   so   much   better   than   the   new   one   that   is   being   sold   now   in   some   stores .   the   old   one   was   really   hot   and   straightened   my   hair   so   much   better .   this   new   one   seems   to   even   vibrate   a   bit   when   using   and   just   feels   cheap .   it   takes   longer   now   to   blowout   my   hair .   you   can   tell   if   it   s   the   old   one   because   the   word   silverbird   looks   like   the   one   shown .
way   fast   very   functional   when   it   comes   to   keeping   the   clutter   off   the   bathroom   counter .   however   i   was   disappointed   that   speed   and   temperature   aren   t   controlled   separately .   my   hair   gets   dry   very   quickly ,   but   ends   up   frizzy .
it   is   not   dual   votage   this   hair   dryer   popped   up   when   i   searched   for   dual   voltages   hair   dryer .   i   was   disappointed   to   find   out   it   was   not   after   receiving   the   product .   i   decided   to   keep   it   because   at   least   it   is   fold   able .   however   when   i   took   it   to   my   eastern   europe   tour ,   it   burned   out   on   the   first   day   even   blew   the   fuse   of   my   hotel   room .   hotel   electrician   had   to   come   to   re   set   my   room   s   fuse   at   11   pm .   luckily   my   voltage   transformer   did   not   burn   out   so   i   had   no   problem   keep   on   charging   my   cell   phone   my   tablet   for   the   rest   of   the   tour   otherwise   my   trip   would   be   totally   ruined .
best   hair   drier   i   have   very   thick   wavy   hair ,   and   this   has   been   the   best   hair   drier   ever .   i   bought   two   in   fact   so   that   i   do   not   have   to   carry   with   me   when   i   visit   with   my   friends .
works   really   well   i   love   using   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   simple   to   use   and   has   a   clean   design .   if   you   google   the   reviews   for   this   product ,   you   will   see   that   many   people   recommend   it .
perfect   with   good   amount   of   settings   i   bought   this   conair   when   my   old   one   finally   blew .   after   10   year   mind   you .   i   have   short   hair   but   need   something   with   a   couple   heat   and   blow   settings .   this   does   the   trick .   there   are   two   speed   settings   and   three   heat .   that   gives   you   enough   combinations   to   do   the   trick .   takes   me   only   5   minutes   to   dry   and   style   my   hair .   it   also   has   a   34   cool   34   button   which   is   easy   to   reach .   the   hook   on   the   handle   makes   it   easy   to   hang   if   you   need   to .
excellent   dryer   overall   i   bought   this   dryer   to   substitute   one   that   had   less   h   and   it   did   not   have   a   cold   operate   on   it .   i   think   it   does   an   excellent   job ,   and   the   cold   operate   is   very   awesome .   it   is   not   as   noisy   as   my   old   one   which   was   like   a   747   getting   in   the   bathroom   .   the   only   issue   that   i   have   with   it   is   that   it   is   difficult   to   convert   on   and   off   with   one   handy .   it   might   just   be   me   but ,   if   a   individual   had   joint   disease   or   ra ,   this   would   not   be   the   clothing   dryer   for   them .
great   blow   dreyer !   after   my   blow   dreyer   of   10   years   stared   to   loose   it   s   34   umff   34   i   turned   to   amazon   of   course   so   look   through   some   reviews   and   came   across   this   blow   dreyer ,   my   hair   stylist ,   who   is   a   trusted   friend   even   recommended   it ,   and   of   course   even   she   couldn   t   beat   the   price ,   it   works   really   well ,   my   hair   is   much   smoother   after   using   this   dreyer   versus   my   old   one ,   it   was   definitely   time   for   an   upgrade .   the   power   is   great   and   i   didn   t   find   it   to   be   to   heavy .   i   have   long   fine   hair   and   it   dried   very   quickly   so   that   s   nice   considering   i   m   a   mom   with   a   14   mo   old   who   doesn   t   have   to   much   primp   time   in   the   mornings   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   dreyer !
great   dryer !   once   i   used   this   hair   dryer ,   i   noticed   how   quickly ,   efficiently   and   with   less   noise   dried   my   hair .   i   can   definitely   see   a   difference   with   the   efficiency   when   compared   to   hotel   and   hair   dryers   sold   at   a   local   drug   store .   br   br   the   delivery   of   the   dryer   was   as   promised ,   delivered   promptly .   br   br   i   would   recommed   this   vendor   and   product   to   my   friends .
light   weight   dryer   i   recently   bought   the   hsi   flat   iron .   i   liked   it   so   much   i   bought   the   dryer .   i   like   the   dryer   just   a   much .   it   is   light   weight   and   powerful .   i   have   long   wavy   hair   and   this   dryer   works   quickly   without   adding   frizz .
great   hair   dryer   for   a   great   price !   this   is   a   wonderful   product .   i   like   how   it   has   a   34   coo   warm   hot   34   switch   and   a   34   low   high   34   switch   and   not   just   one   switch   making   you   choose   low   and   cool   or   hot   and   high .   i   also   love   the   little   attachment   it   comes   with   to   give   a   more   concentrated   blow   to   a   specific   section   of   hair .   i   would   definitely   buy   this   product   again .
salon   quality   at   an   affordable   price   definitely   more   convenient   thatn   going   to   a   salon   all   the   time .   i   love   doing   my   own   hair   at   home   now   and   this   has   allowed   me   to   spend   less   time   blow   drying   and   styling   it .
great   hair   dryer .   very   affordable   hair   dryer .   came   in   on   time .   its   a   very   powerful   dryer .   br   br   i   recommend   for   everyday   use .   br   br   cons   the   color   and   its   a   bit   heavy .
alright   for   a   while   came   quick ,   work   fine   for   about   a   week   now   won   t   suction   or   stick   to   any   thing .   my   grandson   has   arthrogryposis   and   it   worked   great   for   him   but   now   it   won   t ,   sad .
no   frills   hair   dryer   initial   use   resulted   in   hearing   a   faint   rattling   sound .   i   thought   something   was   loose .   have   used   it   several   times   since   then   and   i   do   not   hear   the   sound   anymore .   does   the   job   without   bells   and   whistles .   would   purchase   again .
quality   hairdryer .   great   if   you   want   a   short ,   retractable   cord ,   but   definitely   heavy   this   is   the   2nd   or   3rd   conair   i   ve   owned ,   and   i   ve   found   them   all   to   be   durable ,   well   constructed   appliances .   this   hairdryer   maybe   even   more   than   the   previous   model   leaves   my   hair   especially   smooth   and   sleek .   it   dries   hair   quickly ,   and   the   concentrator   attachment   really   works   well   so   that   you   can   put   the   dryer   right   next   to   your   brush .   my   two   complaints   are   related   to   the   retractable   cord   function   1   the   dryer   is   heavier   than   a   usual   dryer   because   of   the   cord   reel ,   and   2   the   cord   is   not   very   long ,   maybe   only   3   34   .   neither   of   these   things   may   be   a   problem   for   you .   if   you   specifically   want   a   retractable   cord ,   the   extra   weight   is   worth   it ,   otherwise ,   it   s   just   extra   weight .   and   if   you   don   t   need   a   long   cord ,   if   your   outlet   is   right   next   to   your   mirror   for   instance ,   the   short   cord   is   no   big   deal .   but   just   keep   these   things   in   mind
conair   wallmount   dryer   i   needed   a   light   weight   dryer   because   of   an   arm   injury   and   this   one   is   indeed   light .   i   like   that .   i   wish   the   cord   was   either   longer   or   not   curled   so   it   didn   t   have   to   be   so   close   to   the   holder .
perfect !   love   this   blowdryer !   compact ,   yet   powerful !   br   typically   i   can   t   find   anything   that   blows   the   air   strong   enough ,   this   is   by   far   the   best   dryer   i   have   had .
powerful   hair   dryer   dries   thick   hair   fast   but   smells   like   car   engine   not   sure   whether   all   34   professional   34   quality   hair   dryers   smell   like   fumes ,   but   this   one   does .   other   than   that ,   it   works   fine   so   far .
caught   on   fire   after   6   months   don   t   let   the   cheap   price   draw   you   in .   this   hair   dryer   is   not   worth   it .   i   tossed   my   still   working   hair   dryer   that   i   had   owned   for   8   years   when   i   bought   this .   6   months   later   it   caught   on   fire .   yes   caught   on   fire   on   the   inside   was   a   bright   blue   flame   and   a   burning   smell .   frightening !   do   not   buy !
worked   well   it   was   a   bit   to   powerful   but   it   was   good ,   as   good   as   i   d   been   expecting   it   to   be .   it   was   worth   the   money !
not   strong   enough   this   hair   dryer   was   too   heavy ,   and ,   although   it   claims   1875   watt ,   it   was   neither   as   strong   or   hot   as   the   ion   i   had   been   using
feels   like   quality   this   hair   dryer   is   powerful ,   quiet   by   hair   dryer   standards ,   and   has   a   solid   quality   feel   to   it .   i   spent   a   lot   of   time   researching   different   options   and   am   happy   with   my   purchase .
great   product   arrived   in   time .   i   ve   only   had   it   for   one   month   so   i   m   not   sure   how   long   it   will   last   but   so   far   i   ve   had   no   problems .   this   hair   dryer   is   great .   i   m   not   sure   if   it   is   as   good   as   the   more   expensive   brands   as   i   have   never   paid   over   20   for   one   but   it   definitely   gets   the   job   done .   oh   and   i   looove   the   retractable   cord .
not   what   we   were   inspecting ...   i   bought   this   for   my   wife ,   my   comments   on   the   result   of   purchasing   this   product   a   year   ago   br   br   this   is   not   a   good   for   drying ,   i   don   t   know   why   the   professional   word   is   on   the   description ,   next   time   tell   this   is   for   home   use ,   home   result ,   totally   different   to   result   my   wife   get   from   beauty   med   level   professional .   br   br   i   m   disappointed   with   this   purchasing ,   but   the   time   to   send   this   back   and   get   money   back .
great   little   hair   dryer   great   dryer   if   you   don   t   like   the   newer   types   which   have   gadgets   added   to   them   and   are   very   powerful .   this   has   a   powerful   setting   but   not   extremely   strong   so   that   your   hair   is   getting   a   beating .
don   t   be   fooled   by   it   s   size !   powerful   blowdryer ,   super   light .   my   mom   took   this   from   me   i   bought   this   dryer   in   2009   she   took   it   in   2011   and   it   s   still   going   strong !   my   mom   uses   it   along   with   my   sister ,   my   niece   and   2   of   my   cousins   and   they   all   love   it .   one   thing   though ,   it   is   so   strong   you   need   to   make   sure   to   not   burn   your   hair   by   leaving   it   on   one   strand   for   too   long !   it   s   not   like   a   conventional   dryer ,   it   will   cut   your   drying   time ,   so   use   it   with   that   knowledge .   if   i   didn   t   love   my   current   dryer   i   d   definitely   buy   this   one   when   if   it   dies .
real   warranty   from   amazon   s   description   34   guaranteed   authentic .   never   counterfeit .   4   year   warranty .   34   when   i   went   to   fill   out   the   warranty   card   it   states   one   1   year   warranty   only .   what   happened   to   the   other   3   years   my   wife   likes   it   and   would   rate   it   5   stars .
go   to   great   lengths   a   nice   hairdryer ,   it   does   what   we   need .   we   were   disappointed   that   there   was   no   out   of   the   way   storage   for   any   excess   power   cord   and   that   the   power   cord   was   not   coiled   to   reduce   the   length   of   usable   cord .   br   it   is   now   three   years   later ,   and   i   must   revise   this   review .   i   guess   that   three   years   is   probably   not   terrible   for   the   life   of   a   hair   dryer ,   but   for   something   used   less   than   five   minutes   a   day   my   wife   was   expecting   better .   about   a   year   ago   it   began   making   an   extra   noise   when   it   was   infrequently   switched   to   high   speed ,   so   she   really   limited   that   use .   anyhow ,   right   at   the   three   year   anniversary   of   its   first   usage ,   the   propeller   br   blades   disintegrated   and   jammed   the   motor   causing   it   to   begin   smoking   and   smelling   really   bad   before   she   could   get   the   plug   pulled .   we   certainly   will   not   be   replacing   it   with   a   like   unit .
my   wife   loves   it .   my   wife   was   tired   of   have   a   dryer   on   the   counter   and   of   dealing   with   the   wire .   she   loves   this .   the   night   light   is   too   bright .   i   put   a   piece   of   white   vinyl   tape   over   the   led   cut   to   fit .   it   is   still   bright   right   through   the   tape .   made   it   acceptable ,   though .
it   works   fine   i   have   a   full   sized   chi   hair   dryer ,   which   i   like .   i   was   looking   for   a   similar   dryer   that   i   could   take   with   me   when   i   traveled   hotel   dryers   were   ok ,   but   i   missed   a   better   dry ...   br   br   this   dryer   is   fine .   the   handle   collapses   so   it   is   easy   enough   to   stow ,   and   it   also   comes   with   its   own   little   cloth   bag   which   is   good   to   keep   the   cord   from   getting   tangled   up   during   transport .   br   br   my   hair   is   dried   well ,   though   not   as   well   as   my   full   sized   dryer   at   home .   no   complaints ,   however .   br   br   i   would   recommend   this   for   size ,   easy   of   use ,   and   the   nice   added   accessory   of   the   bag .
small   light   weight   i   ordered   this   because   it   had   1200   watts   instead   of   1800 .   i   wanted   to   dry   my   hair   as   i   styled   it   and   the   1800   watt   dryers   blow   my   hair   too   much .   the   only   problem   i   have   with   it   is   that   when   you   reduce   the   blower   volume ,   you   also   reduce   the   heat ,   so   it   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair .   i   still   like   it   and   use   it   regularly .   mine   did   not   include   a   concentrator ,   but   i   did   not   ask   about   it   because   i   don   t   use   it   anyway .
great   product   i   love   it ,   my   hair   is   so   shiny !   it   dries   faster   and   i   love   the   attachments ,   i   use   the   diffuser   for   my   curly   hair   and   the   other   for   my   daughters   straight   hair ,   all   around   great   product .
just   what   i   was   looking   for   i   had   a   previous   infiniti   by   conair   model   for   several   years ,   but   was   looking   to   upgrade   it   to   something   lighter   with   a   retractable   cord ,   which   is   exactly   what   this   is .   i   have   medium   long   hair ,   and   this   dries   it   in   about   half   the   time   of   my   old   one .   the   cord   sometimes   doesn   t   go   in   all   the   way ,   i   have   to   pull   it   back   out   a   bit   and   press   the   button   again ,   but   this   really   hasn   t   been   an   issue   for   me ,   and   my   vanity   drawer   is   much   neater   now .
it   broke   after   1   year ...   bought   this   in   july   2012 ,   broke   after   9   months   worth   of   use .   not   sure   what   the   reason   was ,   and   i   didn   t   bother   to   take   it   to   the   repair   shop   so   it   s   going   to   the   recycle   bin .   there   were   sparks   of   fire   in   the   wire   inside   the   hair   dryer   and   i   did   not   know   what   to   make   of   it .   decided   to   give   it   up
love   it   oh   my   i   am   so   pleased .   i   had   my   other   vidal   sassoon   hair   dryer   for   22   years .   it   went   through   me   and   2   daughters   and   still   works .   i   don   t   think   it   gets   as   hot   as   it   used   to ,   but   never   the   less .   this   blower   has   large   shoes   to   fill .   if   it   last   half   as   long   i   will   be   very   pleased .
does   what   you   think   this   does   what   you   think   it   will ,   dries   hair .   my   wife   likes   it   and   she   and   her   sisters   use   it   all   the   time .
love   it   ! !   love   this   hair   dryer ,   light   weight   lots   of   power ! !   great   value   for   the   money .   i   have   paid   alot   more   for   other   hair   dryers   with   less   power .
perfection !   awesome !   dries   my   hair   faster   than   any   other   drier   i   have ..   and   my   hair   is   thick !   i   would   recommend   this .
i   love   this   hair   dryer ! !   no   complaints   here !   i   say   buy   this   one   .   its   a   great   hairdryer .   and   i   go   thru   them .   so   good   product ! !
revlon   rv408   1875   watt   full   size   turbo   dryer ,   black   this   is   a   great   dryer .   the   three   settings ,   low ,   medium   and   high   allow   for   more   flexibility   when   styling   your   hair .   my   hair   is   fine   so   the   low   and   medium   setting   work   great   for   me !
great   value   this   hair   dryer   was   worth   the   money .   the   quality   is   good   without   breaking   the   wallet .   also ,   the   size   is   optimal ,   very   small ,   easy   to   handle   and   operate .
used   first   at   a   hotel   infl .   ordered   it   online   as   ssonas   i   returned .   i   love   the   retractable   feature .   it   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .
so   far   it   s   great !   i   bought   this   for   my   daughter   5   months   ago .   she   loves   it   especially   over   the   one   she   used   to   borrow   from   me .   it   dries   her   hair   very   fast   and   the   folding   handle   and   retractable   cord   make   it   great   for   travel .   i   am   thinking   of   getting   one   for   myself   once   mine   dies   knowing   this   is   a   good   one .
gift   for   my   wife   great   price ,   great   item .   she   loves   it .   this   is   professional   quality   ,   she   uses   it   at   home   and   for   work   as   well .
very   nice   i   really   like   that   the   cord   retracts .   good   force   of   air .   nice   that   you   can   change   speeds   and   or   heat   settings .   i   like   that   you   can   set   it   to   cool   or   if   you   are   using   a   heat   you   could   do   a   blast   of   cool   with   the   button .   slightly   heavier   than   i   would   like   but   not   unreasonably   so .
nice   while   it   lasted   my   experience   with   this   hairdryer   is   nearly   identical   to   that   of   a   previous   reviewer .   it   s   easy   to   install ,   and   handy   as   all   get   out .   however ,   almost   on   its   one   year   birthday ,   the   low   setting   stopped   working ,   and   within   minutes   it   went   from   blowing   on   high   regardless   of   the   setting   to   becoming   a   fire   hazard .   the   handgrip   started   heating   up   as   i   held   it ,   and   when   i   tried   to   turn   it   off ,   the   switch   was   frozen   completely   and   it   continued   to   overheat   even   more .   since   it   had   taken   on   a   life   of   its   own ,   i   had   to   unplug   the   unit   and   un   install   the   whole   thing .   this   is   a   great   concept   for   a   hairdryer   it   can   t   be   beaten   for   convenience   while   still   being   stowed   out   of   the   way   when   not   in   use .   granted ,   an   appliance   that   retails   for   less   than   30   can   be   expected   to   not   last   forever ,   but   i   ve   owned   hand   held   hairdryers   that   wouldn   t   quit   for   years   and   years .   i   m   disappointed   my   first   thought   was   to   purchase   another   just   like   it ,   but   since   this   appears   to   be   a   problem   for   others   as   well ,   i   ll   look   for   another   solution .
poor   performance   doesn   t   work   as   well   as   last   one .   blower   is   slow   with   not   much   air   coming   out .   had   same   brand   before   and   it   worked   much   better ,
lightweight   easy   to   use   hairdryer   i   love   this   little   hairdryer ..... travels   well ,   small ,   and   lightweight .   it   is   powerful   enough   for   me ,   and   has   diffuser ,   too .   has   2   settings   for   temp .   good   value   and   easy   to   handle .
best   hairdryer   ever   i   am   in   hotel   industry   i   could   buy   thousands   of   these .   super   cheap ,   very   quiet ,   with   a   nice   night   light ,   barely   use   any   electricity ,   great   heat ,   simple   to   use ,   very   comfortable   in   hand .   i   ve   never   seen   a   guest   use   their   own   brought   hair   dryer .   they   always   elect   to   use   this   and   it   s   obviously   installed   very   conveniently   in   the   bathroom   good   screws   and   installation   instructions   that   come   with   it .   never   falls   off ,   always   there   when   you   need   your   hair   fluffy .
heavy   duty !   if   you   are   looking   for   a   professional   type   hair   dryer   this   is   a   nice   one .   it   is   a   bit   awkward   for   me   to   manuever   as   i   am   not   used   to   this   type   of   hair   dryer .... but   the   cold   air   is   amazing   when   you   are   done   drying ....
love   it   i   love   to   keep   my   hair   looking   shinny   and   healthy   and   in   the   winter   it   gets   dull   and   in   the   summer   it   looks   fried .   i   live   in   california .   this   neat   little   gaget   givese   the   conveinceof   doing   a   deep   condition   at   home   for   just   the   cost   of   the   conditioner   and   a   shower   cap   instead   of   paying   those   heavy   prices   at   the   salon .   and   it   onlytakes   15   minutes   and   i   can   do   it   my   pj   s   instead   of   getting   all   dressed   up   and   and   over   paying   a   salon   for   what   i   can   do   for   a   few   bucks .
works   great   on   fine   hair !   hey   all ,   br   i   am   not   so   blessed   with   fine ,   thin   hair   that   unless   its   pinned   up   and   perfectly   coifed   its   a   frizzy ,   fly   away   mess .   this   hair   dryer   changed   that !   with   its   settings   and   cool   air ,   i   can   dry   it   and   leave   it .   no   more   constant   pinned   up   hair .   i   can   let   my   locks   down !   so   yes .   i   highly   recommend   it .   its   not   perfect ,   its   a   little   bulky   and   takes   some   getting   used   too   you   might   have   to   change   how   you   dry   your   hair   and   i   don   t   recommend   traveling   with   it .   but   for   a   good   stay   at   home   dryer   that   works   like   a   charm ,   has   easy   to   use   settings   i   love   it   so   much   that   i   sent   one   to   my   sister  
i   like   it   so   much   this   hair   dryer   has   a   nice   color ,   and   has   been   working   so   good .   br   so   far   so   good ! ! !   br   the   turbo   velocity   is   quick   drying .   is   comfortable   to   use   and   easy   to   handling .
not   good   my   hair   looks   so   dry   after   i   use   it .   i   am   very   disappointed .   i   would   of   returned   it   but   i   lost   the   return   slip !
good   for   the   money   this   dryer   works   very   well .   it   takes   a   minute   to   warm   up   on   medium   heat .   on   low   heat   it   feels   like   nothing   s   happening   unless   you   start   on   medium .   i   like   how   it   covers   my   whole   head ,   but   if   i   want   to   get   under   it   or   out   i   have   to   kinda   limbo   into   it   since   the   hood   doesn   t   easily   go   back .   it   also   has   a   weird   smell ... not   too   bad .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   not   using   big   rollers   or   give   this   as   a   gift
works   just   fine ............   i   have   had   a   dublduck   blower   for   over   30   yrs ........... looks   very   similar   to   this   one .   still   works   however   one   day   it   will   stop   and   i   wanted   something   reasonably   priced   that   will   fit   the   bill ............ so   far   this   one   is .   but   i   rather   doubt   it   will   have   the   longevity   my   original   one   has   had !   wow
works   as   advertized   it   dries   hair ,   just   like   advertized .   the   amount   of   hair   static   effect   seems   reduced   vs .   my   previous   hairdryer .   the   unit   is   a   bit   heavier   than   i   expected ,   but   the   weight   is   balanced   so   handling   is   fine .   it   s   quieter   than   i   expected   even   at   full   speed .   the   cord   is   longer   than   needed   in   my   personal   situation ,   i   find   a   cord   that   long   just   gets   in   the   way .   the   cord   is   straight ,   not   coiled .   the   big   block   thing   at   the   end   of   the   cord   vs .   just   an   ac   power   plug   i   find   a   nuisance   since   my   power   outlets   are   already   gfci   type   outlets .   basic   controls   are   fan   heat   2   fan   speeds   off   2   temperatures   off .   the   number   of   temperature   settings   advertized   is   a   bit   misleading   34   4   temperatures   34   is   actually   achieved   by   a   combination   of   temperature   switch   fan   switch   settings .   instructions   for   english   anyway   are   generally   lacking ,   but   with   a   bit   of   experimentation   one   can   figure   out   how   to   work   it .   i   rate   the   dryer   4   stars   primarily   for   these   reasons   the   34   removeable   stainless   filter   34   is   a   nice   feature   so   hair   clogs   on   the   inlet   can   be   removed ,   but   getting   it   all   back   in   place   is   not   easy ,   it   takes   careful   manipulation   because   the   parts   are   not   finely   fitted   and   they   bind   easily   at   least   on   my   unit .   because   of   the   binding   and   poor   fit ,   i   was   afraid   of   breaking   something   in   the   precess   of   putting   it   back   together   after   cleaning   the   filter .   the   ad   says   34   includes   concentrator   34   i   assume   this   is   supposed   to   be   an   attachment   to   put   on   the   nozzle ,   my   unit   did   not   come   with   any   extra   parts .   all   things   considered   i   think   it   s   overpriced   and   in   some   ways   the   ad   is   misleading .   i   do   intend   to   keep   it ,   but   will   shop   around   again   if   i   ever   need   another .
can   t   beleive   they   are   still   selling   these   they   don   t   last   i   purchased   this   blowdryer   from   amazon   and   it   only   lasted   1   year   and   i   only   used   it   every   2   days !   junk   don   t   buy   it .   the   retractable   cord   did   not   work   after   a   while   too   but   i   could   have   lived   with   that ...
great   product !   for   a   small ,   compact   hair   dryer   its   great   for   traveling !   i   have   little   time   and   thick ,   curly   hair   and   it   does   a   great   job   and   very   powerful .   reasonable   price ,   traveling   case   and   attachments ,   very   happy !
from   behind   my   chair   having   used   numerous   blow   dryers   in   my   business ,   i   have   to   say   this   has   been   one   of   my   favorites   for   so   many   reasons .   it   s   lightweight   and   i   can   actually   carry   on   a   conversation   with   my   clients   without   having   to   lower   the   speed ... love   the   design !   i   highly   recommend   this   product   and   would   purchase   again .
professional   bonnet   style   hood   1000   watt   salon   hair   dryer ,   white   the   instructions   for   assembling   this   item   were   not   good .   obviously   written   in   chinese   or   japanese   then   poorly   translated .   however ,   my   husband   did   eventually   get   the   item   assembled   and   i   have   used   it   only   once .   however ,   i   am   happy   with   it .   it   is   quiet   and   efficient   and   dried   my   hair   raidly .   at   this   point   i   would   recommend   this   product .
perfect   for   shower   room   in   a   private   club   it   s   the   little   amenities   that   make   a   big   difference .   our   club   shower   room   was   bare   bones ,   so   i   decided   to   splurge   and   add   a   few   things   including   this   dryer .   it   was   easy   to   install ,   and   the   night   light   is   a   great   feature   for   people   who   use   the   shower   room   after   dark .   so   far   it   s   working   fine .
conair   1875   compact   blow   dryer   i   just   love   my   conair   1875   blow   dryer .   it   s   more   powerful   than   any   blow   dryer   that   i   ve   ever   purchased .   i   have   long   hair   that   generally   takes   15   minutes   to   dry   with   my   revlon   1875 .   the   conair   is   three   times   more   powerful   and   dries   my   hair   in   less   than   5   minutes .   and   it   s   great   for   travel   because   it   folds   in   half   and   is   very ,   very   light   in   weight .   i   happily   give   this   dryer   5   stars   and   would   give   it   10   if   the   option   was   available .
good   hair   dryer   works   well   for   my   wife ,   it   s   not   fancy ,   but   it   does   the   job   well .   if   you   re   looking   for   an   inexpensive   hair   dryer ,   this   is   the   one .
just   okay ...   very   heavy   and   bulky .   does   dry   pretty   quickly ,   but   really   can   t   tell   a   big   difference   from   previous   dryer .   not   bad ,   but   just   okay .
it   s   andis   at   a   good   price .   done   and   done .   andis   makes   a   great   product ,   and   i   have   a   white   andis   full   sized   dryer   for   the   house ,   but   i   needed   a   smaller   one   for   on   the   road   travel   in   my   semi   truck .   this   also   has   dual   voltage   for   overseas   travel ,   so   yay !   get   one .
great   for   travel   the   dual   wattage   feature   saves   you   from   having   to   use   a   converter .   the   unit   is   very   small   yet   plenty   powerful ,   and   way   better   than   the   dryers   provided   in   hotels .   for   my   hairstyle ,   the   air   concentrator   attachment   is   a   must .   i   m   very   pleased   with   this   dryer .
fantastic   hair   dryer   salon   quality   dryer .   great   size   and   color .   love   that   its   so   quite .   i   ve   had   to   adapt   to   the   controls   being   on   the   outside   of   the   handle .   my   old   one   was   on   the   inside   but   it   s   well   worth   it .   my   hair   dries   so   fast   i   have   extra   time   in   the   mornings ..   love   it ,   love   it ,   love   it .   br   i   would   reccomend   this   dryer   to   anyone   that   wants   a   quality   dryer .   four   year   warranty .   where   can   you   find   that   on   a   hair   dryer  
compact   for   a   full   sized   hair   dryer   i   used   the   soft   touch   black   version   of   this   hair   dryer   at   a   high   end   resort   hotel   once   and   i   was   immediately   in   love ,   so   i   had   to   get   this   white   one   on   amazon .   it   had   so   much   power   for   such   a   small   dryer ! !   highly   recommended .
amazing !   love   how   quiet   this   dryer   is .   it   feels   good   in   the   hand   however   it   is   a   bit   on   the   heavy   side .   you   get   used   to   it   after   using   it   for   awhile .   other   than   the   weight   issue   it   is   an   amazing   dryer !
get   one   great   product   i   recommend   everyone   get   one .   it   is   a   good   compact   devise   that   is   easy   to   travel   with ,   you   can   put   it   under   your   seat   or   just   hold   it   in   your   lap .
hair   dryer   it   s   just   okay ,   it   s   kinda   loud ,   but   it   gets   the   job   done .   i   do   however   prefer   the   carel   dryer   that   i   had   in   the   past .
good   for   indoors   and   traveling   its   light   enough   and   only   takes   up   a   small   space   from   my   luggage .   its   good   for   both   110v   and   220   volts ,   though   if   you   will   use   it   at   220v ,   you   can   only   use   the   low   setting   so   make   sure   you   put   a   tag   or   you   might   forget   .
great   basic   hair   dryer   this   dryer   does   what   it   is   made   for   no   more ,   no   less .   definitely   quieter   than   my   old   dryer ,   although   it   seems   to   take   a   minute   or   two   longer   to   actually   dry   my   hair .   neither   of   the   included   tips   would   stay   on   while   in   use ,   but   overall   i   feel   i   got   what   i   paid   for .
dryer   it   does   a   good   job   in   a   short   amount   of   time   and   that   it   exactly   why   i   bought   this .   good   dryer
easy   dryer   had   one   that   finally   wore   out   and   loved   it   so   much   bought   another   one   just   like   it !   you   don   t   have   to   worry   where   to   put   it ,   it   s   on   the   wall !
great   hair   dryer ! !   i   have   thick   curly   hair   that   i   straighten   twice   a   week .   this   hair   dryer   makes   it   easy !   i   highly   recommend   it !
doesn   t   get   hot   returned   this   as   the   hot   was   lukewarm   at   best .   i   then   bought   a   conair   infinit   pro   at   a   local   store   which   seems   much   better   heat   wise .   br   br   edited   may   19 ,   2013   returned   the   infiniti   pro   as   well   and   bought   a   remington   d3020   volume   and   shine   hair   dryer .   as   i   posted   in   my   review   for   the   remington   which   i   didn   t   buy   on   amazon   but   was   so   happy   with   it   i   wanted   to   write   a   review   about   it   br   br   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   locally   after   2   strikeouts   on   other   dryers .   first   i   had   purchased   the   revlon   matte   chrome   full   size   turbo   hair   dryer   rv473v1   on   amazon ,   but   sent   it   back   as   it   only   got   lukewarm .   then   i   bought   a   conair   infiniti   which   i   also   returned   because   even   on   low   the   intensity   was   so   strong   my   shoulder   length   hair   kept   getting   all   snarled   and   knotted .   i   figured   it   was   because   the   opening   of   the   nozzle   was   too   big ,   so   i   set   out   to   find   one   that   was   narrower .   this   dryer   works   perfectly .   doesn   t   get   too   hot ,   has   3   temps   and   2   speeds   and   a   cool   blast   if   you   need   it .   good   attachments ,   lightweight ,   not   really   loud ,   removable   filter .   ionic   ceramic .   the   color   is   not   my   favorite ,   but   what   matters   is   it   works .
great   hairdryer   love   this   hairdryer .   using   it   in   the   uk   so   had   to   purchase   suitable   adaptor   .   works   well   with   attachments   and   is   very   easy   to   use .   only   issue   is   that   even   on   minimum   setting   it   gets   quite   hot   so   i   won   t   be   using   it   with   the   attachments   all   the   time   as   i   don   t   want   to   damage   my   hair   too   much .
as   advertised   great   dryer   to   replace   an   old   wall   mounted   one .   heat   settings   are   very   good   and   installation   was   easy   and   fast
what   more   could   anyone   want   i   truly   don   t   understand   anyone   who   would   pay   more   or   could   want   more   than   what   this   hair   dryer   offers .   it   s   fantastic .   the   settings ,   noise   level ,   weight ,   what   it   does   to   my   hair   all   of   it .   it   s   great .
expensive ,   but   i   love   it   i   cannot   believe   i   spent   this   much   on   a   hairdryer ,   but   i   do   really   like   it   much   better   than   the   one   i   got   at   the   large   chain   store .   wish   it   cost   less ,   but   would   probably   buy   it   again ...  
excellent   hair   dryer   i   received   this   product   and   am   very   happy   with   it .   it   is   so   powerful   that   even   with   my   very   think   hair ,   it   is   dry   within   minutes .   by   far   the   best   product   i   own   for   drying   my   hair .
great   dryer   this   was   purchased   to   replace   the   one   that   got   stomped   by   accident   .   it   is   of   a   very   professional   quality ,   without   the   high   price   tag .
wife   loves   it   great   hairdryer   the   wife   is   very   happy .   i   went   with   this   one   because   it   had   many   reviews   and   seemed   popular
it   s   working   fine   so   far   have   only   used   it   twice   but   is   doing   the   job .   it   is   definitely   not   like   the   ones   they   used   to   build   before .   the   old   styles   were   more   sturdy   and   strong .   bought   this   for   my   mom   who   had   a   westinghouse   model   that   had   been   with   her   for   over   30   years   and   now   is   when   it   broke .   but   for   the   price   it   is   all   worth   it .   i   like   the   fact   that   you   can   fold   it   and   close   it .
i   am   unhappy .   i   am   unhappy   with   this   hair   dryer .   due   to   the   air   flow ,   hair   will   get   caught   in   the   back   of   the   dryer   and   it   often   has   a   burning   smell .
perfect   product   i   love   it ! ! !   it   is   just   perfect .   my   daughter   and   i   are   in   love   with   it .   i   recommend   this   product   100  
hair   can   get   caught   in   plastic   seam   of   dryer   i   have   used   this   type   of   dryer   to   straighten   my   hair   for   thirty   years .   usually ,   i   purchase   vidal   sasoon ,   but   found   this   one   on   clearance   at   wal   mart .   it   works   well .   however ,   you   will   get   your   long   hair   caught   in   plastic   seam   found   on   the   front   of   the   dryer .   very   painful   and   annoying .   sometimes   you   can   gently   get   hair   out   without   it   breaking ,   but   sometimes ,   your   hair   will   get   ripped   out   by   the   plastic   seam .   bummer !
small   but   powerful .   this   thing   packs   some   blowing   power   for   a   small   sized   hair   dryer .   i   m   happy   with   it ,   plus   it   was   really   inexpensive .
it   works   like   a   dryer ...   i   don   t   use   my   hair   dryer   for   much   more   than   drying   purposes ...   lol ...   it   s   simple ,   in   expensive ,   and   it   blows   a   lot   of   hot   air ...   br   br   it   serves   its   purpose   well ...
great   drying   effects .   very   little   frizz   and   it   dries   quickly .   the   dryer   is   heavier   and   larger   in   size   than   i   expected .   the   control   buttons   are   positioned   in   a   way   that   your   fingers   can   t   avoid   them   while   drying ,   so   the   settings   are   accidentally   changed   too   easily .
the   rave   reviews   are   true !   i   hesitated   to   spend   this   much   money   on   a   hair   dryer ,   and   i   am   so   happy   i   did .   i   have   always   purchased   the   cheaper   drug   store   ones   and   they   not   worth   it   my   hair   is   so   much   smoother   and   healthier   with   this   dryer !
great   product   for   great   price   loved   the   color ,   works   amazingly   well .   dries   your   hair   very   fast .   i   love   that   there   are   multiple   setting   for   temperature   and   speed
great   blow   dryer !   i   am   a   hairstylist ,   and   i   love   this   dryer !   it   is   lightweight ,   and   it   dries   my   hair   incredibly   fast .   the   cord   is   a   little   short   for   professional   use ,   but   i   love   it   for   myself !
so   far   so   good   i   ve   used   it   3   4   times   now   and   it   dries   quite   quickly .   i   have   hair   locs   down   the   middle   of   my   back   and   i   like   that   the   bonnet   is   large   so   that   my   entire   head   dries .   i   tend   to   either   braid   or   curl   my   locs   and   it   takes   forever   to   dry   them   when   i   set   them .   but   i   can   sit   under   this   dryer   for   an   huor   or   less   and   my   hair   is   fully   dry .   i   did   not   give   a   5   because   one   of   the   casters   arrived   broken .   i   haven   t   had   time   to   make   a   claim   with   the   company   and   i   probably   won   t   because   it   s   such   a   pain   in   the   neck .   i   just   chose   not   to   insert   the   wheels .
i   like   it   i   m   male   with   long   hair .   this   dryer   works   just   fine   for   me .   i   read   the   good   reviews   on   amazon   before   i   bought   it .   i   feel   the   dryer   is   adequate   in   every   way   and   a   lot   better   than   most   i   ve   had .   so ,   why   not   5   stars   i   don   t   know .   maybe   it   is   the   look   or   the   feel .   but   whatever   it   is ,   this   dryer   does   a   great   job .   for   me   it   is   just   not   easy   to   love   a   hair   dryer .
great   great   product !   super   seller ! !   this   hairdryer   is   a   super   product !   i   would   recommend   this   item   to   everyone !   it   is   light   weight   and   has   a   strong   enough   power   to   take   my   frizzes   away   in   just   a   few   minutes ..
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   replaced   one   my   mom   had   been   using   for   the   past   25   years   or   so .   i   finally   convinced   her   it   was   time   when   the   old   one   was   broken   in   so   many   places   i   just   could   not   fix   it   anymore   though   the   motor   was   fine .   she   loves   the   new   one   because   it   resembles   the   old   one   in   so   mnay   ways   but   with   improvements .   she   is   delighted   with   this   conair   hh320lr ..   could   not   be   more   pleased .
after   having   it   only   a   year   and   a   half ,   it   s   sparking !   had   to   toss   it   this   blow   dryer   was   great   for   the   first   year   and   a   half   bought   it   brand   new   ,   but   just   recently   it   started   to   spark   every   time   i   used   it .   at   first   i   thought   it   may   have   been   a   little   glitch ,   but   it   s   been   sparking   every   time   now .   i   have   stopped   using   it   so   my   hair   and   or   face   doesn   t   catch   on   fire !   scary !
great   hair   dryer   for   long   hair   this   was   perfect   for   my   trip .   even   when   i   did   not   realize   i   had   to   turn   the   dial   to   a   different   voltage   in   singapore   it   just   flipped   the   breaker   and   did   not   burn   out   the   dryer .   when   i   was   finally   smart   enough   to   realize   i   needed   to   select   the   voltage   i   could   not   have   been   happier .   i   have   long   hair   and   like   to   dry   my   hair   upside   down   at   times .   i   hate   when   my   hair   gets   caught   in   the   fan .   this   dryer   had   the   perfect   cover   and   my   hair   never   got   caught   or   tangled .   it   folds   up   for   easy   packing   too .
amazing   ! ! ! ! !   so   i   received   my   order   super   quick !   ordered   it   sunday   night   received   it   on   tuesday   morning   !   i   ve   used   it   almost   every   week   since   i   bought   it .   i   have   a   pixie   haircut   and   i   use   it   to   sculpt   style   my   hair .   the   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   it   5   stars   was   because   of   the   switch   there   are   about   4   5   different   settings   from   cold   shot   to   the   highest   setting   of   high .   the   switch   is   very   poorly   placed   and   u   have   to   carefully   switch   it   up   or   down   or   u   would   most   likely   end   up   breaking   it .   great   product   i   just   hope   later   versions   fix   this   cause   by   the   looks   of   thing   i   might   need   a   replacement .
works   great   i   am   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer .   i   must   agree   with   others ,   though ,   the   night   light   is   very   bright .   i   read   other   reviewers   who   said   it   was   bright ,   but   i   couldn   t   imagine   such   a   small   light   being   so   bright .   my   dryer   is   in   a   bathroom   off   the   bedroom   and   it   lights   up   all   the   bathroom   and   part   of   the   bedroom .   i   covered   the   light   with   2   thickness   of   duck   tape   and   it   is   still   very   bright .   i   like   having   the   night   light ,   but   it   could   be   a   34   bit   34   dimmer .   the   dryer   works   fine   and   i   like   having   a   place   to   hang   the   cord   on   the   dryer   so   it   doesn   t   lay   on   the   sink .   that   is   a   great   feature .
great   travel   dryer !   fantastic   little   hair   dryer   i   bought   for   my   trip   later   this   year .   i   ve   only   been   able   to   work   it   on   the   250   setting   here   in   australia ,   but   it   seems   great   so   far .   make   sure   if   you   re   australian   and   you   plug   it   in   with   the   adapter   that   you   don   t   put   it   on   high !   i   didn   t   read   the   instructions   and   nearly   blew   it   up   haha .   can   only   be   used   on   low   here ,   but   that   s   fine   as   it   s   for   my   trip   to   the   us   anyways .   was   quite   powerful   and   i   think   it   ll   be   perfect .
not   as   powerful   as   i   had   hoped   i   bought   a   cheaper   model   elsewhere   but   my   dog   chewed   the   cord .   liked   the   other   better .   takes   longer   to   dry   hair
burned   hair   for   months   now ,   i   ve   been   blaming   my   flat   iron   on   burning   a   large   section   of   my   hair   until   today   when   i   was   blow   drying   ,   as   usual ,   and   smelled   something ,   then   saw   a   gray   spot   on   my   head   upon   closer   inspection ,   realized   it   was   a   singed   section   of   my   hair ,   and   as   i   ran   my   fingers   through   it   sadly ,   many   hairs   fell   to   the   floor .   br   so   the   good   new   is ,   i   can   keep   using   my   flat   iron .   the   bad   news   who   thought   this   hair   dryer   was   so   bad   for   your   hair !   i   have   a   huge   section   of   dry ,   burned   hair   that   i   have   been   growing   out   for   months   but   always   wondered   why   there   always   seemed   to   be   new   broken   hairs   with   singed   marks   on   the   end .   buying   a   new   one   tomorrow   but   never   this   brand   again .
great   hairdryer   for   the   price   i   use   this   hairdryer   3   4   times   a   week .   great   power   and   is   quite   nice ... plus   it   s   in   my   favorite   color ,   red .
great   hair   dryer   i   always   bought   this   particular   model   at   wal   mart .   wal   mart   no   longer   carries   this   dryer .   this   dryer   lasts   much   longer   then   any   other   hair   dryer   i   have   used .   that   is   why   i   keep   buying   the   vidal   sassoon   ion   dryer .
it   s   ok   kind   of   weak .   i   m   not   sure   why   they   dont   make   a   1800w   model .   the   night   light   is   kind   of   cheesy   too .   overall   good   product   though .   i   m   very   happy   with   it .
it   just   a   regular   hairdryer   its   good ,   dryes   my   hair   really   fast   and   its   cute   too !   i   got   2   one   for   me   and   one   for   my   friend   she   loves   it   as   well !
powerful   and   pretty   quiet   dries   hair   fast .   quieter   than   my   previous   drier .   thought   it   was   a   little   strange   that   the   drier   was   just   in   a   box   with   no   packing .   but   it   was   in   good   shape .
does   the   trick !   i   use   foam   rollers   to   style   my   hair   overnight   and   sometimes   they   re   not   quite   dry   in   the   morning .   so   i   pop   on   the   bonnet   of   this   hair   dryer   and   voila !   half   an   hour   later   my   hair   is   all   dry !   br   br   this   product   is   pretty   lightweight   so   it   s   easy   to   travel   with ,   and   it   seems   pretty   well   made .   i   ve   used   it   about   a   dozen   times   without   any   problems .   br   br   one   thing   i   ll   say   though   is   that   it   s   kind   of   hard   to   squish   all   the   stuff   back   inside   the   carrying   case   ...
it   s   just   okay   i   thought   it   would   have   more   power   than   it   does .   i   do   use   it   everyday   so   it   is   very   durable   and   not   cheap   by   any   means
great   little   travel   dryer   i   bought   this   for   a   trip   to   italy   and   it   worked   great   for   me .   it   s   very   small   but   also   very   powerful .   i   have   a   lot   of   thick   curly   hair   so   a   need   a   good   hairdryer .   i   also   bought   the   diffuser   attachment .   i   actually   think   it   s   better   than   the   hairdryer   i   use   at   home !   you   will   need   an   adaptor   but   it   has   a   voltage   converter   so   it   works   much   better   than   hairdryers   that   don   t   have   a   voltage   converter .   worth   the   extra   bucks .
so   far ,   so   good   this   is   a   nice   little   unit   but   only   time   will   tell   how   it   holds   up .   while   conair   calls   it   an   1875   watt   hairdryer ,   my   kill   a   watt   meter   measured   1200   watts .   i   suspect   that   the   other   manufacturers   claims   are   just   as   misleading .   i   wouldn   t   be   surprised   to   see   them   adding   a   shunt   resistor   to   increase   the   power   drain   so   that   the   unit   would   appear   to   be   even   more   powerful .   but ,   if   they   did ,   sooner   or   later   the   truth   would   be   uncovered .
so   nice   bought   it   twice   i   first   used   this   hair   dryer   at   a   friend   s   cabin   and   i   was   hooked .   the   motor   is   quiet ,   the   dryer   itself   is   pretty   light ,   the   blow   is   intense ,   and   the   best   part   it   gets   super   hot .   you   can   barely   hold   your   hand   under   it   for   too   long .   i   immediately   went   home   and   bought   it   online .   i   have   a   medium   bob   and   the   dry   time   was   cut   in   half .   my   hair   seemed   fuller   and   shinier .   my   roommate   was   so   jealous   that   she   ran   out   and   bought   one   as   well .   we   both   are   big   into   hair   tools   and   are   now   the   biggest   fan   of   this   hair   dryer .   i   came   upon   it   in   costco   for   such   a   good   deal ,   that   i   bought   another   one !   br   br   the   only   downside   to   this   dryer ,   is   that   it   does   not   come   with   the   defuser   attachment .   please ,   conair ,   gimme   a   defuser !   br   br   i   would   recommend   this   dryer   to   anyone   with   hair .
it   was   just   what   my   wife   wanted .   my   wife   used   it   at   a   hotel   for   several   days   and   wanted   one   for   home   use .   it   met   and   exceeded   her   expectations
i   love   the   blowdrier   ! ! ! ! ! !   i   purchased   this   hairdryer   because   it   s   the   one   my   beautician   uses   ! i   loved   how   fast   it   was   to   blowdry   my   hair   ! ! i   got   the   travel   one   too   ! !   love   it   love   ! !   fast   shipping   too   ! !   thank   you   ! !
one   of   the   best   hair   dryers !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   bought   one   for   myself   and   others   as   gifts   after   trying   this   at   a   marriott   hotel .   it   dries   my   hair   so   fast   and   for   the   price   you   can   t   beat   that !   it   is   light   and   love   the   retractible   cord .   after   a   while   you   have   to   push   the   cord   in   yourself   but   i   ve   had   it   for   over   a   year   and   use   it   everyday   so   it   is   definitely   durable .   i   wish   it   came   with   a   diffuser   and   other   nozzles   like   some   of   the   other   hairdryers   but   if   your   looking   for   an   inexpensive   but   reliable   product ,   this   is   it !
hate   it !   i   bought   this   as   a   gift   for   christmas .   i   really   liked   the   idea   of   a   power   cord   that   would   retract   into   the   unit ,   and   honestly ,   that   was   a   key   point   in   choosing   this   over   other   models .   well ,   the   retracting   mechanism   worked   perfectly   once   or   twice .   after   that ,   it   would   take   2   3   tries   to   get   it   to   retract   the   cord   all   the   way .   usually ,   it   would   stop   roughly   mid   way .   after   a   couple   months   of   that   silliness ,   it   now   won   t   retract   more   than   half   way   no   matter   how   much   you   fuss   with   it .   this   hair   dryer   was   barely   used   at   all   before   this   bad   behavior   started .   br   br   do   you   remember   those   terrible   roller   window   shades   we   had   back   in   the   70   s   you   know   the   ones ..   they   were   ugly   white   and   every   time   you   tried   to   make   the   shade   go   up   all   the   way ,   you   d   struggle   you   d   pull   it   a   tiny   bit   and   hope   it   d   release   the   mechanism   and   pull   up ,   but   instead ,   it   d   pull   out   a   little   more   each   time   until   finally   you   had   that   sucker   pulled   all   the   way   down   to   the   floor   well ,   if   you   enjoyed   that   nice   nugget   of   frustration ,   please   buy   this   hair   dryer !   br   br   other   observations   br   the   release   button   is   in   an   awkward   position ,   so   even   when   this   was   working ,   it   was   an   awkward   2   handed   affair .   br   the   noise   seems   a   little   less   than   a   typical   hair   dryer .   but   then   again ,   the   airflow   seems   a   little   less   too .   same   goes   for   the   heat .   br   br   honestly ,   i   can   t   believe   i   took   the   time   today   to   get   online   and   review   a   silly   hair   dryer .   it   just   frustrates   me   so   much   that   i   had   to   do   it   just   in   the   hope   that   i   might   save   someone   else   the   trouble   of   experiencing   this   thing .
have   had   this   dryer   since   2005 ,   it   s   great   after   8   years   this   dryer   finally   became   brittle   and   began   chipping   near   the   fan   so   it   was   time   for   a   new   one .   i   had   no   reservations   buying   this   same   make   model .. matter   of   fact   i   bought   two   this   time .... one   will   stay   in   the   luggage   ready   to   hit   the   road .
works   great   works   great   for   me ,   i   dont   need   anything   fancy   but   this   one   has   everything   i   needed .   the   attachments   help   for   random   things   as   well
great   hair   dryer   this   replaced   my   very   old   sassoon   quiet   dryer .   it   dries   my   hair   very   similarly   it   gets   plenty   hot   but   doesn   t   blow   too   hard   so   that   i   can   style   with   a   round   brush   while   drying .   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   it   is   too   loud   i   plug   up   my   ears   while   using   it .
great   dryer   i   am   a   hairstylist   and   demand   high   performance   from   my   tools .   this   dryer   is   quiet ,   light   weight   and   gets   the   job   done   fast .   the   only   downfall   is   there   is   no   cool   shot   button .
has   little   power   i   have   a   previous   conair   blow   dryer   and   it   works   great .   it   has   so   much   power .   the   only   reason   why   i   purchased   a   second   one   is   because   i   wanted   a   concentrator   nozzle   which   mine   did   not   have   and   i   never   found   one   wide   enough   to   fit   my   dryer .   so   that   is   why   i   gave   it   a   low   rating .
powerful   dries   my   thick   hair   in   no   time .   i   love   it   and   wish   i   would   have   bought   it   sooner .   it   s   worth   the   money .
works   perfectly   super   quiet   this   does   exactly   what   i   need   it   to ,   it   s   really   quiet   which   is   nice ,   but   still   does   it   s   job .   quick   drying   process   and   i   have   notoriously   hard   to   dry   hair ,   so   i   m   please   with   this   purchase .   it   doesn   t   get   too   hot   like   other   dryers   i   haven   t   had   any   issues   with   burning   myself   by   staying   on   one   spot   too   long .
great   product   this   product   arived   on   time   and   is   a   very   powerful   dryer   for   the   price ,   all   the   pieces   are   very   sturdy   as   well ,   what   i   did   not   like   was   that   in   the   picture   the   pieces   looked   white ,   which   was   my   main   reason   for   the   purchase ,   but   the   pieces   obviously   pink   up   close .
excellent   blow   dryer   this   is   one   of   the   best   blow   dryers   we   have   purchased .   i   am   going   to   buy   another   one   to   keep   in   our   travel   bag .
great   product   great   price   works   as   advertised .   can   t   beat   the   price   for   a   quality   product   such   as   this   one .   one   of   the   better   buys   out   there .
great   hair   dryer   love   the   multiple   heat   and   speed   settings .   after   3   months   though ,   i   have   noticed   that   some   air   leak   out   from   the   base   of   the   handle ,   where   it   meets   the   cord .   maybe   the   plastic   fitting   became   loose   from   hanging   the   hair   dryer   on   a   hook .
daughter   brought   me   for   a   joke   and   i   love   it   it   has   a   lot   of   power .   easy   to   hold   and   small   enough   to   be   easy   to   pack   for   a   trip
buyer   beware ... fraudulent   merchandise   being   sold   and   pawned   as   new   and   authentic   i   ve   had   t3   products   before ... my   last   t3   hair   dryer   lasted   3   years   and   change .   i   purchased   this   one   less   than   5   months   ago   and   it   is   already   shorting   out   on   me .   the   dryer   simply   drops   in   intensity   within   a   minute   of   using .   very   disappointed .   br   since   the   warranty   with   the   seller   had   already   expired   one   month !   i   contacted   t3   micro   for   repairs   replacements .   turns   out   this   unit   was   either   refurbished   or   a   knock   off   because   the   serial   number   on   the   dryer   did   not   match   the   serial   number   on   the   box .   and   to   top   it   off ,   both   serial   numbers   were   invalid ! !   wtf ... scam   and   fraud   much ! !   stay   away !
worked   for   less   than   one   month !   i   received   this   hair   dryer   on   march   23   and   it   is   already   broken !   no   heat   at   all .   not   a   good   deal .
love   this   blow   dryer !   the   settings   are   wonderful   and   my   hair   did   feel   a   lot   softer   after   using !   the   heat   setting   are   great   too ...   i   like   the   option   of   having   cool ,   warm   and   hot ...   the   dryer   is   super   powerful   and   definitely   cut   down   on   drying   time .   and   the   retractable   cord   is   great !   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   blow   dryer   to   a   friend !
value   for   the   price   pros   br   not   to   hot   on   hot   setting   br   retractable   cord   works   great .   keeps   clutter   off   the   counter .   br   br   cons   br   none   really   to   mention ..   br   br   edit   05   06   2013   br   i   have   noticed   when   i   use   the   blow   dryer   now   that   there   some   some   air   escaping   from   the   slider   controls   on   the   handle .   this   is   nothing   to   really   change   how   i   use   the   blow   dryer ,   but   this   should   probably   not   happen .
great   little   dryer   ive   always   really   liked   the   travel   sized   blow   dryers .   and   this   one   is   wonderful   not   to   heavy   and   drys   my   hair   in   half   the   time .
blow   dryer   it   works   fine   but   i   wish   it   had   a   hook   on   the   handle   so   i   could   hang   it   up .   also   so   sometimes   my   hair   gets   stuck   in   the   top   of   it   when   it   is   drawing   in   air .
smooth   hair   with   volume ,   and   my   eardrums   are   intact .   my   old   hair   dryer   died   a   rather   spectacular   death   with   sparks   and   smoke .   i   hadn   t   researched   hair   dryers   before ,   and   i   only   wanted   something   that   would   dry   my   hair .   so   i   randomly   picked   a   conair   from   a   local   store .   i   used   it   a   few   times   and   was   not   happy   with   the   results   for   the   conair .   it   turned   out   to   be   loud   as   all   get   out ,   and   my   hair   turned   out   flat .   i   felt   like   i   was   in   a   deafening   windstorm .   so   now   i   had   a   criteria   for   research   something   that   was   quiet   and   didn   t   blow   my   hair   into   a   limp   state .   that   s   what   lead   me   to   this   remington .   it   shipped   and   got   here   quickly .   yes ,   it   smelled   a   bit   funny   as   all   new   hair   appliances   do   when   first   used ,   but   i   was   impressed .   it   was   easy   to   handle .   i   liked   that   i   didn   t   have   to   keep   sliding   buttons   up   and   down   to   change   settings   like   my   old   hair   dryer .   it   was   relatively   quiet   as   hair   dryers   go .   the   drying   process   went   very   quickly .   my   hair   had   plenty   of   volume   with   a   smooth ,   soft   feeling   when   all   was   said   and   done .   i   m   very   happy .   no   flat   hair   and   my   ears   aren   t   ringing .   i   highly   recommend   the   remington   hair   dryer .
replacefment   googled   hair   dryer ,   found   it   at   amazon . com   one   of   my   trusted   sites .   ordered   it   and   got   it   4   days   ago .   it   is   better   than   the   old   one   as   this   model   has   an   led   night   light   built   in .   great   product .   working   fine .   br   br   thanks   br   amazon
heavy   i   love   the   blow   dryer   it   works   great .   it   was   a   little   heavier   than   i   thought   it   would   be   but   is   great .
conair   1875   watt   turbo   styler   with   ionic   conditioning   product   arrived   as   expected   and   was   a   bargain   price .   i   just   used   it   for   the   first   time   and   am   very   happy   with   purchase .   i   kept   it   on   low   setting ,   which   was   enough   for   my   hair .   the   cooling   button   works   fast   to   cool   off   curls   created   by   your   brush .   would   highly   recommend   item .
great   hair   dryer   to   reduce   frizz   and   gentle   on   hair   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used !   i   bought   it   b   c   i   used   it   at   a   hotel   and   i   love   it !   i   have   had   it   for   about   a   month   and   it   works   great .   it   dries   hair   quickly ,   but   is   gentle   and   doesn   t   damage   my   hair .   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   anyone   who   doesn   t   want   to   spend   a   fortune   on   a   hair   dryer   that   is   great   for   your   hair , !
hello   kitty   blow   dryer   works   great   and   my   little   girl   loves   having   her   own   blow   dryer !   it   is   a   very   cute   and   functional   blow   dryer !
nice   addition   to   bathroom   good ,   powerful ,   adjustable   air   flow   efficiently   dries   hair .   easy   to   mount   in   bathroom   although   i   put   in   an   extra   screw   to   increase   wall   mount   security .
andis   hangup   dryer   fabulous   had   one   before   that   lasted   9   years .   hope   this   one   lasts   as   long .   so   easy   just   to   grap   off   the   wall   instead   of   searching   through   drawers   for   regular   hair   dryers .   hotel   style   very   convenient .
it   blew   me   away ! ! !   oozes   quality .   easy   to   maneuver   to   any   direction .   relatively   quiet   and   extra   long   cord .   i   really   have   been   spoiled   by   it !
great   value   i   have   had   the   dryer   for   a   few   weeks ,   and   so   far   i   am   loving   it !   it   is   lightweight   and   great   at   transforming   my   coarse ,   curly   hair   into   sleek ,   shiny ,   and   straight   hair   in   a   short   amount   of   time .   i   have   paid   2   3   times   more   for   hairdryers   in   the   past   only   to   have   them   lose   the   ability   to   stay   hot .   i   am   hopeful   this   dryer   will   last   a   while .   my   hairdresser   recommended   it   highly .   if   he   loves   the   product   in   a   high   volume   salon ,   then   i   look   forward   to   owning   mine   for   a   long   time   to   come .
purple   people   heater   is   awesome !   this   product   was   worth   every   penny !   it   will   work   for   any   hair   type   and   saves   so   much   time .   there   s   nothing   better   than   not   having   to   use   your   arms   while   drying   your   hair .   the   ionic   button   is   the   best   feature ,   which   helps   prevent   all   frizz  
not   the   miracle   i   thought   it   would   be   spends   most   of   it   s   time   in   my   drawer   taking   up   space   and   collecting   dust   now .   it   is   definitely   not   analogous   to   having   a   third   arm .
design   the   revlon   works   well   enough .   it   replaces   a   braun   machine   that   shorted   out .   the   revlon   is   larger   than   i   like   but   that   is   not   a   real   problem .
a   powerful   hair   dryer .   be   careful   with   your   circuit   breakers .   this   is   a   very   powerful   hair   dryer .   it   has   multiple   heat   setting   low   med   high   ,   2   speed   settings   and   a   turbo   boost   which   seems   to   increase   the   airflow ,   but   not   the   heat .   the   result   of   the   turbo   boost   is   more   air ,   but   the   air   comes   out   a   little   cooler .   br   br   it   is   comfortable   to   hold   and   feels   solid .   it   is   not   too   heavy .   it   does   seem   to   dry   my   hair   faster   than   other   dryers ,   especially   at   the   higher   airflow   settings .   br   br   it   is   noisy   increased   noise   with   increased   speed   turbo   and   it   has   a   tendency   to   trip   my   gfi   and   it   once   contributed   to   blowing   the   circuit   breaker   for   the   outlet .   that   s   to   be   expected   with   a   1875   watt   device .
can   t   live   without   it   i   was   previously   using   a   compact   hair   dryer   that   did   more   damage   to   my   hair .   with   the   included   nozzles ,   the   adjustable   temperature   and   adjustable   air   power ,   my   hair   is   smoother   and   dries   a   lot   quicker   than   before .   the   cold   air   button   is   also   a   plus   if   you   re   round   brushing   your   hair .   the   non   slip   coating   on   the   dryer   makes   holding   the   device   very   comfortable .   hsi   is   powerful   and   works   wonderfully .   love   it .
great   blow   dryer ,   made   me   feel   like   barbie   i   had   read   the   reviews   saying   this   blow   dryer   was   small ,   yet   powerful .   i   had   a   little   chuckle   when   i   opened   the   box   it   reminded   me   exactly   of   a   blow   dryer   that   barbie   would   own   and   even   comes   with   it   s   own   zebra   bag   for   storage .   i   am   very   impressed   at   how   well   it   works .   i   travel   for   vacation   at   least   once   a   year   and   am   never   that   impressed   with   the   blow   dryers   the   hotels   provide .   i   have   very   thick   wavy   hair   that   takes   a   good   10   15   minutes   to   blow   dry   with   a   decent   dryer .   this   little   dryer   is   comparable   with   my   full   size   blow   dryer ,   if   not   better .   i   would   definitely   recommend   it   for   travel .   i   have   not   yet   used   the   attachments   so   i   cannot   comment   on   them ,   however   i   did   use   the   bag   for   added   storage   of   my   hair   brush   and   hair   accessories .
bulky   for   home   use ,   this   dryer   is   okay .   it   works   fine .   i   like   the   retractable   cord .   it   s   bulky   and   would   take   up   way   too   much   room   in   a   suitcase .   the   diffuser   barely   fits   in   my   bathroom   drawer   with   this   dryer .   i   m   either   returning   it   donating   it   to   a   homeless   shelter .
awesome !   the   hotels   i   normally   stay   at   carry   this   brand   of   blow   dryer .   after   a   few   tries   and   loved   the   power   and   level   of   dry   time ,   i   just   had   to   order   it .   i   got   the   regular   and   travel   size .   love   them   both .
easy   to   use   basic   starter   hair   dryer   i   use   it   to   straighten   my   hair   and   it   works   for   it .   i   do   not   use   it   for   much   else   it   does   have   a   very   fast   dry   and   a   slow   dry   it   also   comes   with   this   bowl   looking   attachment   and   a   this   cover   looking   thing .
great !   this   is   a   great   product   i   would   recommend   it   to   all   my   friends   that   own   salon   it   s   easy   it   s   lightweight   and   it   last
great   hair   dryer   shonnila   br   excellent   product   at   an   excellent   price !   the   first   time   i   used   it   my   husband   said   my   hair   looked   like   it   had   a   salon   finish ..... love   it !
great   dryer   this   is   a   great   dryer .   as   a   male ,   i   don   t   use   all   the   34   fancy   34   options   that   this   hair   dryer   comes   with .   i   simply   use   it   for   30   seconds   after   i   come   out   of   the   shower   and   it   works   great .   the   two   selling   points   that   i   bought   this   dryer   is   because   of   amazon   prime   and   the   low   price   compared   to   other   hair   dryers .
gets   too   hot   gets   way   too   hot   for   something   to   be   used   by   a   child ! !   we   turned   it   on   and   visible   red   hot   coils   could   be   seen   within   seconds .   and   the   air   was   blistering   hot .   i   cannot   see   a   younger   child   using   this   without   adult   supervision .   we   returned   it .
a   whole   new   world   i   never   actually   thought   that   a   hairdryer   could   be   different   from   any   other   hair   dryers .   unbeknownst   to   me ,   i   was   sorely   mistaken .   this   keeps   the   static   out !   and   i   admit   that   i   have   quite   a   mane   of   hair ,   and   this   drys   it   in   record   speeds .   a   lot   of   customization   with   temp   speed   air   flow .   highly   recommended .
conair   bonnet   dryer   i   like   most   conair   products .   they   heat   up   quickly   and   they   are   mostly   very   good   products .   but ,   this   stupid   hair   bonnet   dryer   is   the   worst   thing   yet .   don   t   buy .
super   cool !   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing .   it   has   the   perfect   temperatures   and   blow   strength .   for   thick   hair   that   takes   long   to   dry ,   this   is   a   miracle !   and   it   s   very   sturdy ,   firm ,   robust .   it   seems   that   a   made   a   very   good   choice !
wonderful   and   stylish   so   my   previous   1875   watt   ionic   dryer   started   making   my   hair   frizzy   and   finally   died   on   me .   i   was   looking   around   for   a   new   one   and   found   that   my   favorite   brand   in   hair   products   made   a   cute   stylish   hair   dryer .   it   doesn   t   just   look   nice ,   it   works   amazing   too .   i   love   how   it   has   a   setting   for   hot   and   warm .   i   haven   t   had   a   hair   dryer   with   that   option   yet .   i   also   really   like   the   switch ,   rather   than   a   sliding   one .   i   have   no   complaints   and   i   highly   recommend   it .   it   dries   quickly   and   i   have   no   frizzies   and   my   hair   looks   so   much   better   with   this   dryer   compared   to   my   old   revlon .   it   s   great   for   drying   my   curlies   and   works   just   as   well   for   blowouts ,   too .
too   large   for   my   area   looked   nice .   didn   t   even   turn   it   on   as   it   was   too   large   for   my   space   to   hang   it .   need   to   have   dimensions   in   description .
good   dryer   i   bought   this   for   my   mom ,   who   has   had   issues   with   blow   dryers   melting   her   fine   textured   hair .   she   loves   this   one !   it   dries   her   hair   very   fast   and   doesn   t   melt   your   hair   like   other   blow   dryers   can .   the   retractable   cord   is   very   nice   as   well   and   the   dryer   doesn   t   feel   cheap .   if   you   re   in   the   market   for   a   new   dryer ,   give   this   one   a   try .
absolutely   the   best .   purchased   this   blow   dryer   based   on   a   recommendation   from   my   hair   stylist .   one   of   the   best   investments   i   ve   made   in   years .   powerful   but   light   enough   to   maneuver   easily .   it   doesn   t   weigh   your   arm   down .   worth   every   penny .
awesome   hair   dryer   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   after   seeing   the   raving   reviews   and   it   is   indeed   true .   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   it   certainly   dries   my   hair   a   lot   quicker   than   the   other   dryers .   in   addition ,   the   heat   is   not   too   strong   and   this   is   helpful   as   it   does   not   dry   out   the   root   too   much   at   the   same   time   dries   the   hair   just   right   with   a   good   flow   of   air .   i   m   very   satisfied   and   highly   recommend !   this   is   a   good   buy ...
fairly   easy   to   install   lasted   three   years   i   have   had   this   dryer   for   three   years   to   the   day   and   it   died .   three   years   without   continuous   use   doesn   t   seem   very   long   to   me .   only   reason   i   would   purchase   the   same   dryer   again   is   because   the   mounting   hardware   etc   is   already   there .   wish   it   had   more   power .   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair .   others   have   complained   about   the   green   light   i   wish   it   was   blue ,   but   it   is   nice   to   have   that   extra   nightlight   in   the   bathroom .   led   so   it   doesn   t   take   much   electricity .   and   i   don   t   sleep   in   my   bathroom   so   it   doesn   t   bother   me .
conair   tourmaline   i   read   the   reviews   on   this   product   from   other   customers   before   i   purchased   this   dryer .   i   absolutely   love   this   hairdryer !   i   have   owned   several   hairdryers   over   the   years   and   have   even   been   known   to   burn   up   a   few ...   this   dryer   gets   my   thick   hair   completely   dry   and   frizz   free   in   under   3   minutes .   i   use   product   and   a   round   brush   and   have   been   very   pleased   with   this   dryer .   it   is   quiet   and   doesn   t   get   too   hot .   i   love   the   adjustable   heat   and   speed   settings .   i   also   use   the   concentrator   attachment   to   channel   the   air .   i   was   unable   to   find   this   product   at   any   local   retailers   walmart   and   target   are   the   two   i   checked   and   i   think   it   is   better   than   the   conair   infinity   x   pro   model .   if   you   need   a   dryer   that   gets   your   hair   dry   quickly   and   with   minimal   frizz ,   this   is   the   one   for   you .
hair   dried   fast   don   t   know   if   the   ionic   conditioning   is   working   but   my   hair   dries   fast .   only   use   it   once   in   a   while   since   i   use   it   to   dry   my   hair   on   cold   days .
not   great   has   a   nice   holding   grip ..   makes   alot   of   noise   and   pushes   very   little   heat .   could   be   that   i   was   just   unlucky   with   this   one .
wife   loves   it   this   hair   dryer   arrived   in   good   time   and   worked   as   advertised .   my   wife   loves   that   it   hangs   on   the   wall   in   our   bathroom .   she   finds   it   very   convenient .   would   not   hesitate   to   deal   with   this   company   again .
yellowbird   hair   dryer   i   purchased   this   item   from   super   pharmacy   unica   on   february   26 ,   2013 .   i   received   this   item   at   the   beginning   of   march   2013 .   i   have   used   this   hai   rdryer   probably   six   or   eight   times   since   receiving .   yesterday   i   had   to   dry   my   hair   ao   i   turned   the   dryer   on   and   smoke   began   to   pour   out   of   the   on ,   off   switch .   i   immediately   turned   it   off   .   i   sent   an   email   to   the   seller   and   i   have   not   received   a   reply .   i   have   used   yellowbird   hair   dryers   which   i   have   purchased   from   other   vendors   for   many   years   and   i   have   never   had   a   problem   with   this   brand   of   hair   dryer .   furthermore ,   this   seller   has   not   replied   to   any   of   my   emails .   i   want   my   money   returned   so   that   i   can   purchase   a   new   yellowbird   hair   dryer   from   a   reputable   company .
fabulous   hair   dryer   i   ordered   the   onei   mk   ii   air   ionique   hair   dryer   for   my   wife   just   over   a   week   ago   and   she   is   thrilled   with   it .   she   loves   the   variable   temperature   feature .   the   first   time   she   used   the   dryer   she   said   34   my   hair   looks   great !   34   i   would   certainly   recommend   this   dryer .   the   price   is   excellent   for   a   professional   quality   dryer   and   it   s   strongly   constructed .   also ,   the   shipping   service   was   amazing .   i   ordered   standard   shipping ,   thinking   the   dryer   would   arrive   in   five   or   ten   days ,   but   it   arrived   in   just   two   days .
very   good   this   is   a   very   good   hair   dryer .   it   doesn   t   mess   up   my   hair .   very   good   product .   i   would   definitely   recommend   it .
super   light   and   lots   of   power   ok ,   so   we   all   know   that   we   can   t   pack   a   lot   of   heavy   things .   br   this   little   dryer   will   save   a   lot   of   pounds   and   it   works   great .
turbo   power   twinturbo   2800   hair   dryer   314   this   hair   dryer   is   the   best   i   ve   owned !   i   have   dry ,   curly   hair   and   this   hair   dryer   is   powerful   enough   to   straighten   my   hair   without   burning   it ...   i   m   very   happy   with   my   purchase   and   will   tell   all   of   my   friends   about   it ...
great   product !   i   moved   to   usa   recently ,   and   needed   everything   for   my   house .   this   dryer   was   a   perfect   combination   of   price   and   quality .
i   really   love   it ! ! !   this   blow   dryer   is   very   efficient .   the   retractable   cords   are   convenient   and   i   have   no   malfunctioning   problems   at   all .   the   colour   is   bright   and   pretty .   i   think   i   got   my   money   s   worth .
better   than   expected !   i   was   looking   for   a   folding   handle   hair   dryer   with   a   retractable   cord   and   this   one   is   perfect !   it   has   more   features   than   i   expected ,   based   on   the   online   description .   i   was   pleased   to   find   out   there   are   multiple   temperature   and   speed   settings ,   and   it   is   so   much   more   quiet   than   other   hair   dryers   i   ve   purchased .   i   love   it !
good ,   not   perfect .   i   picked   this   out   because   of   the   cord   keeper   design ,   and   it   replaced   my   functioning   1875   watt   non   tourmaline   dryer .   unless   you   really   want   a   cord   keeper   dryer   or   have   already   chosen   the   30   price   point ,   i   might   look   around   more   before   settling   on   this   one .   however ,   it   does   the   job   and   i   m   going   to   keep   it .   personally ,   i   wish   i   hadn   t   been   so   desperate   and   had   spent   a   little   more   time   looking ,   but   i   m   also   willing   to   spend   a   little   or   a   lot   more   money   for   something   i   won   t   want   to   replace   later .   br   br   pros   br   cord   keeper   no   tangled   cords !   br   good   wattage   fast   dry   br   tourmaline   does   soften   hair   noticeable ,   but   subtle   br   br   cons   br   heavy   i   like   to   hold   the   dryer   vertically   above   my   head   and   it   s   significantly   heavier   than   a   non   tourmaline .   br   large   this   is   above   average   in   size ,   don   t   think   you   re   going   to   travel   with   it .   br   br   some   low   star   reviewers   mentioned   the   finish   coming   off   on   their   hands ,   and   i   d   just   like   to   clarify   that   is   a   random   flaw   in   their   dryers .   i   have   porcelain   skin   and   use   this   on   the   highest   setting   for   about   20   30   minutes   and   have   not   seen   any   finish   come   off   so   if   you   re   worried   about   that ,   it   s   not   the   norm .   br   br   as   far   as   this   being   a   tourmaline   dryer ,   it   s   an   upgrade   from   non   tourmaline   the   technology   used   dries   the   water   on   your   hair   and   you   should   see   less   heat   damage .   in   my   perception ,   it   does   not   dry   any   faster   than   a   non   tourmaline   at   the   same   wattage .
very   good   dryer   this   dryer   arrived   quickly   and   was   packaged   well .   i   replaced   my   old   dryer   that   was   similar   to   this   one   but   this   one   is   lighter   and   easier   to   style   your   hair   with .   itdries   your   hair   quickly   too .   i   don   t   need   it   on   the   highest   setting   for   too   long .   it   came   with   a   concentrator   and   a   diffuser .
changed   the   name   i   purchased   a   hot   tools   blow   dryer   and   they   sent   me   a   helen   of   troy   blow   dryer   that   looked   exactly   the   same   except   for   a   few   details .   they   put   it   in   a   hot   tools   box   and   everything   looked   exactly   the   same .   i   am   disappointed   because   i   like   the   brand   hot   tools   and   they   never   said   anything   about   helen   of   troy .   the   dryer   works   fine   and   everything   but   it   had   dust   and   dirt   smudges   on   it   when   i   got   it .
i   like   the   cord   keeper ...   it   s   a   blow   dryer .   i   have   never   noticed   any   difference   of   any   dryer   from   the   ones   my   mother   used   on   me   as   a   child   in   the   early   90   s   to   all   the   new   34   amazing   34   technology .   let   your   hair   air   dry   until   it   s   about   half   dry ,   dry   the   dryer   with   a   paddle   brush   and   only   point   the   dryer   down   on   medium   heat .   it   s   all   the   same .   i   like   the   cord   keeper   and   the   bright   color .
works   well ,   but   a   bit   large   this   hair   dryer   works   extremely   well   in   all   aspects ,   except   that   its   size   is   quite   large   to   be   used   as   a   travel   dryer .
great   this   hair   dryer   is   awesome !   i   read   many   reviews   about   it   online .   and   i   am   so   glad   i   listened   and   bought   this .   you   will   not   be   sorry .... it   s   great !   it   heats   up ,   has   a   retractable   cord   and   folds   for   easy   storage .
great   value   for   money   i   m   very   pleased   with   this   purchase   for   the   price .   the   hairdryer   is   powerful   and   heats   up   quickly   and   the   concentrator   nozzle   is   just   the   right   size   for   drying   your   hair   with   a   barrel   brush .   i   also   like   the   look   and   feel   of   it   the   coating   on   the   handle   makes   it   easy   to   grip .   the   only   con   is   a   very   minor   one   and   why   i   rate   this   as   4   stars   is   that   it   s   a   little   heavier   than   previous   hairdryers   which   i   ve   owned   but   this   wouldn   t   put   me   off   purchasing   this   model   again .
love   my   conair   hair   dryer   as   other   reviewers   said ,   it   is   light   and   quiet .   these   are   two   things   that   really   impressed   me .   plus   it   does   a   good   job   drying   my   hair .
mighty   mini   i   forgot   to   take   my   hairdryer   with   me   when   visiting   a   friend .   she   had   this   dryer   in   her   guest   bathroom   and   after   using   it   for   a   few   times ,   i   said   this   is   the   most   wonderful   little   dryer   i   have   to   get   one .   it   is   so   powerful   and   makes   drying   not   only   quick   but   blows   in   lots   of   volume .   i   bought   one   for   my   home   in   fl   and   a   second   one   to   take   home   to   my   mi   home   this   summer .   i   was   so   happy   to   locate   it   so   easily   by   just   going   to   amazon !
great   blow   dryer !   i   discovered   this   while   on   vacation   recently .   all   of   the   hotels   we   have   stayed   in   recently   have   had   this   blow   dryer   available   for   guests .   it   s   light   weight ,   fairly   quiet ,   and   the   variable   temperatures   sold   me .   it   also   has   a   cool   button   which   is   fantastic   when   it   s   hot .   i   actually   ordered   this   from   amazon   while   still   on   vacation   so   it   would   be   at   my   home   when   i   returned .
good   basic   dryer   it   works   with   it   s   3   settings ,   hot   warm   and   cool .   it   s   also   pretty   strong   and   dries   my   hair   quickly   i   have   long   hair   .   i   only   wish   it   came   with   that   angled   head   attachment   so   you   can   blow   in   a   direction .
doesn   t   work   i   plug   it   and   it   doesn   t   work .   just   bought   it   and   i   never   used   it   before .   what   do   i   do   with   it .
comfortable   and   fast   so   far   so   good .   the   light   weight   and   speedy   dry   time   help   me   reduce   stress   to   back   and   neck   muscles .
it   does   the   job   it   s   a   very   powerful   hair   dryer ,   which   is   fine ,   as   i   have   a   lot   of   hair .   it   s   not   too   heavy   and   there   are   two   settings   for   low   heat   and   high   heat .   however   the   retractable   cord   stopped   retracting   within   30   days .   and   the   plug   is   very   clunky   it   s   something   that   would   be   needed   in   a   hair   salon ,   not   necessarily   your   home .   but   it   was   only   14.95   and   if   it   lasts   5   years ,   i   will   be   happy .   the   one   that   it   replaced   was   a   vidal   sassoon   remember   him   that   i   bought   15   years   ago   for   about   12.00 ,   so   i   way   got   my   money   s   worth   out   of   that !
like   it   i   have   only   used   it   in   the   low   setting ,   and   it   works   well   for   me .   it   is   a   bit   big .   i   have   to   find   a   way   to   easily   manage   the   cable   easily   after   each   use   though
the   best   dryer   ever   omg   its   the   best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   love   it   left   my   hair   sooooooo   beautiful   like   in   the   salon   br   does   not   over   heat   br   and   its   small   lightweigh   powerful   but   dont   let   the   size   and   weight   misguide   you   its   a   powerful   thing   like   a   plane   or   car   or   boat .... love   it .   i   use   it   on   my   hair   on   m   moms   hair   on   my   cousins   hair   and   on   my   sisters   hair   and   on   my   2   dogs   hair   i   would   use   it   on   my   dads   hair   but   hes   bald   lol   love   it ....   get   it   asap   you   cant   go   wrong
great   hair   dryer   the   dryer   was   advertised   as   being   much   lighter   than   other   models   and   i   can   t   honestly   say   i   have   seen   any   difference   in   weight .   i   like   using   the   dryer   as   it   has   several   settings   that   help   dry   my   hair .
this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   i   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer   for   anyone ,   it   is   light   weight   and   dries   my   hair   very   quickly .   br   it   does   not   burn   my   hair   like   the   old   hair   dryers .
great   price   arrived   and   works   great   good   power ,   great   price ,   and   arrived   in   the   exact   time   frame   and   all   intact   good   buy .
strong   air   and   well   built   i   like   it   very   much ,   for   hair   drying ,   it   works   very   well .   the   two   accessories   are   not   so   often   used   anyway .
mini   mightiness   i   have   quite   a   bit   of   hair   and   it   has   always   taken   me   a   long   time   to   dry   it   with   a   dryer .   for   as   small   as   this   baby   is ,   it   does   a   great   job   of   drying   hair .   it   is   probably   not   for   someone   who   styles   and   brushes   out   their   hair   while   drying ,   but   i   am   a   simple   person   and   it   suits   my   needs .   love   that   it   doesn   t   take   up   a   lot   of   space   and   love   that   it   s   pink .   if   you   re   not   looking   for   anything   fancy ,   travel   quite   a   bit   and   want   a   dryer   for   basic   hair   drying   needs ,   i   highly   recommend   it .
great   product   bought   this   product   for   my   mom   for   christmas ,   she   needs   a   new   one   every   year ,   i   dont   know   what   she   does   but   they   all   end   up   going   out .   this   andis   8200   hair   dryer   has   hung   in   there   and   it   still   works   great .   i   would   highly   recommend   it .   its   also   very   pretty   in   person ,   the   color   is   great .
stopped   working   after   3   months   looks   good ,   but   stopped   working   after   3   months ,   it   s   beyond   producr   return   time ,   so   i   cannot   return   and   waste   of   money .
great   dryer   this   is   the   type   of   dryer   i   saw   in   a   lot   of   marriott   hotels .   the   cord   doesn   t   completely   coil   up   inside   of   it ,   there   is   some   hanging   out ,   so   that   s   something   that   might   annoy   people ,   if   they   expect   it   to   coil   all   the   way   up   to   the   plug   end .   the   folding   handle   is   nice ,   too ,   if   you   want   to   travel   with   it .   my   daughters ,   who   have   lots   of   hair ,   use   it   and   don   t   complain   about   it   being   low   power ,   which   is   saying   something ,   coming   from   dramatic   teenagers ...
too   heavy   for   travel   i   found   the   dryer   too   heavy   and   bulky   for   travel   and   it   didn   t   fold   for   compact   storage .   skip   this   one !
other   reviews   are   crazy   love   this   dryer !   i   have   very   thick ,   unmanageable   hair   but   with   this   bad   boy   it   goes   from   super   frizzed   out   to   soft   and   shiny .   it   s   not   heavy   at   all   and   i   haven   t   had   any   problems   with   it   overheating   or   shorting   out   sounds   like   operator   errors   to   me   .   definitely   worth   the   money   and   the   wait .
babyliss   pro   ceramix   extreme   pink   hair   dryer   works   extremely   well .   dried   my   hair   in   a   third   of   the   time   it   takes   with   my   old   hair   dryer .   i   recommend   you   spend   an   extra   20   bucks   and   buy   this   hair   dryer   instead   of   buying   a   cheap   brand .   it   s   a   great   deal ! ! ! !
worth   the   cost   we   have   had   numerous   hair   dryers ,   this   is   def .   one   of   the   best .   forceful   air   and   the   cord   retractor   has   worked   great   so   far .   very   satisfied ,   one   note   is   while   pushing   the   retract   cord   button ,   hold   the   cord   as   it   goes   in   so   it   doesnt   whip   around .
works   great   i   love   this   blow   dryer ,   helps   me   when   styling   my   hair .   comes   with   2   connectors   for   styling   and   love   using   them   both .   great   product   for   the   value   and   i   like   the   color .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   big   plus   too .
would   not   recommend   the   ceramic   is   peeling   all   over   the   dryer .   a   couple   of   months   after   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer ,   the   ceramic   started   peeling   all   over   the   dryer   especially   around   the   handle   and   the   nozzle .   not   only   is   it   nasty   looking ,   but   the   material   flakes   all   over   the   place ,   including   in   my   hair   while   i   m   drying   it .   the   dryer   still   works   fine ,   but   i   would   never   recommend   it .
my   mother   likes   it   it   was   not   the   powerful   motor   ones   at   the   salon   she   was   expecting .   however   it   more   than   meets   her   needs   at   home   which   was   why   i   bought   it   for   her   in   the   first   place .   a   decent   price   for   a   nice   looking   blow   dryer .   there   are   three   speeds ,   three   temperatures   and   a   cold   button .   it   comes   with   two   detachable   mouthpieces   and   a   sample   oil   product   you   can   rub   in   your   hair   before   you   stylize   it .   br   br   i   m   not   sure   how   it   stands   up   to   the   remington   for   the   same   price .   that   one   looks   more   powerful   from   the   description .
terrible   i   would   not   recommend   this   product   as   it   is   not   well   manufactured   nor   does   it   last   for   a   good   period   of   time .   it   is   not   a   good   investment   of   your   money .
excellent !   i   replaced   my   13   year   old   conair   hair   dryer   with   this   one .   i   love   it !   the   efficiency   cuts   my   dry   time   probably   in   half .   the   dryer   is   heavy ,   but   it   is   not   a   problem   for   me .   i   would   also   be   careful   of   the   retractable   cord   it   can   fly   all   over   the   place   and   hit   you   or   something   else .   i   have   had   the   dryer   for   several   months   now ,   and   so   far   no   problems   mechanically .   i   m   hoping   it   will   last   as   long   as   my   last   one !
great   buy .   no   problems   and   drys   my   hair   well .   there   are   only   two   settings ,   however   the   temperatures   are   great .   the   low   gets   hot   enough   and   the   high   gets   hot .   the   shipment   was   really   a   big   surprise .   i   received   this   product   within   two   days   time   from   ordering   it .
compact   for   travel   i   used   it   in   new   zealand   and   australia   and   it   worked   great   with   plenty   of   heat   and   power .   i   was   glad   to   have   the   voltage   change   switch .
works   well   this   dryer   works   really   well .   i   have   long   hair   and   hate   having   to   wait   to   dry   it .   this   dryer   cut   down   the   amount   of   time   it   takes .   it   also   has   three   speed   settings   witch   is   nice .
airflow   sucks   you   can   t   use   this   dryer   without   a   net   or   curlers .   will   not   dry   natural   hair   styles   because   it   sucks   air   from   the   bottom   through   the   top   and   if   your   hair   isn   t   kept   down   the   fan   will   suck   it   upwards   and   yes   the   dingger   is   loud .
the   gift   my   twin   sister   loved   it   she   need   one   so   i   gave   it   to   her   as   a   gift , thanks   i   would   give   it   as   gifts
worth   every   penny !   i   battled   with   myself   over   spending   this   much   on   a   hairdryer ,   and   i   m   so   glad   that   i   did .   twice   i   have   used   it   to   blow   out   my   hair   and   my   thin ,   fine   hair   looks   amazing   with   little   need   for   touch   ups   with   a   straightener ,   no   fly   aways .   when   i   decided   to   try   the   diffuser   and   wear   my   hair   curly ,   i   was   hesitant   because   my   conair   would   leave   my   hair   super   frizzy .   not   with   the   t3 ,   i   had   beautiful   curls ,   frizz   free .   don   t   let   the   lighter   air   flow   throw   you ,   this   little   baby   has   lots   of   drying   power .   great   size ,   lightweight ,   and   the   velcro   cord   keeper   is   helpful   when   ready   to   put   away .
love   it !   i   love   this   blow   dryer !   i   was   hesitant   to   spend   more   than   20 ,   but   so   glad   i   did !   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   and   i   notice   my   hair   is   way   less   frizzy !   i   did   not   notice   it   being   heavy   at   all .   seemed   same   weight   as   my   old   blow   dryer .   the   noise   is   about   average .   i   wouldn   t   say   it   is   quiet ,   but   it   s   not   too   loud   either .   about   the   same   as   any   other   hair   dryer   i   ve   used .
works   great !   drys   my   hair   quickly .   my   hair   is   thick   this   dryer   cuts   my   time   in   half .   i   would   recommend   it   for   anyone .
love   love   love   it   super   sleek   looking .   br   works   great !   br   cold   air   gives   out   cold   air   n   hot   gives   out   hot .   if   you   know   what   i   mean .   not   like   those   hair   dryers   that   give   warm   air   when   you   want   cold .   br   br   good   investment
satisfecha   con   el   producto   es   practico   y   bueno ...   encantada   con   el   producto   desde   vargas   venezuela   br   se   los   recomiendo ..   el   producto   llego   en   buen   estado
still   looking   i   am   disappointed   tha   it   is   so   large   not   what   i   envisioned   for   a   travel   dryer .   certainly   not   mini !   works   ok   at   home .
performed   asadvertised   i   like   this   dryer .   it   is   nothing   fancy ,   but   it   does   everything   i   was   looking   for .   it   is   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   hair   quickly ,   as   well   as   lightweight   and   space   efficient   small   bathroom   counter   .   i   like   the   cool   shot   feature .   and   it   was   a   good   value .
terrific   this   was   recommended   by   my   hairdresser   and   it   is   all   i   expected .   it   dries   my   hair ! ! !   faster   and   most   likely   won   t   konk   out   in   a   few   years .
hair   gets   stuck   on   backside   this   blowdryer   is   okay .   i   orignally   bought   it   because   i   heard   it   was   a   reliable   brand   and   i   also   needed   a   new   blow   dryer   and   this   was   on   sale   with   a   4   dollar   off   coupon .   the   filter   that   the   air   goes   in   through   and   then   gets   heated   and   comes   out   the   other   end   so   the   back   side   it   my   hair   gets   stuck   in   this   everytime   i   use   it !   it   drives   me   crazy !   so   everytime   i   have   to   stop   the   bblow   dryer   and   cut   my   hair   out   of   it   and   clean   the   filter !   the   smell   also   i   a   dirffernt   smell   that   comes   out   i   dont   know   if   thats   just   because   my   hair   that   gets   stuck   is   making   it   smell   because   it   burned   or   that   its   just   a   differnt   blow   dryer   from   my   preivou   one   but   i   think   i   might   just   have   t   get   used   to   it .
bought   it   for   my   wife , she   love   s   it !   in   the   days   when   i   had   hair   to   blow   dry , most   handhelds   just   either   were   too   hot , or   just   plain   sucked .   i   got   this   for   my   wife   and   she   has   beautiful   thick   hair , if   she   s   happy   with   it , it   s   a   winner !
functional   for   guys   semi   embarrassed   to   admit   that   i   m   a   guy   who   uses   a   blow   dryer .   but   that   being   said   i   don   t   have   to   use   product   anymore   and   my   hair   looks   good   after   like   2   mins   of   blowdrying .   yay  
hairdryers   we   purchased   these   after   using   in   a   hotel .   br   great   and   compact .   br   just   bought   5   more   for   our   second   home   baths   so   our   guests   will   have   them   too .
couldn   t   ask   for   anything   more !   i   ve   been   using   the   same   blow   dryer   since   high   school ,   and   recently   it   caught   fire ,   so   that   was   that .   i   spent   a   long   time   reading   reviews   and   comparing   prices   trying   to   find   a   new   blow   dryer   and   i   eventually   decided   on   this   one   after   i   was   able   to   go   to   target   and   see   it   outside   of   the   box   in   person .   this   dryer   is   really   awesome ,   it   drys   my   hair   fast ,   doesn   t   seem   to   cause   too   much   damage   to   my   hair   and   i   love   the   rubberized   feel   of   it   while   holding   it .   it   doesn   t   have   a   lot   fancy   options   or   anything ,   just   your   generic   three   heat   levels ,   three   blow   settings ,   and   a   cool   button .   however ,   my   friend   is   a   hair   stylist   at   a   pretty   fancy   hair   salon   and   when   she   stayed   over   one   night   and   used   it   after   showering   the   next   morning ,   she   came   out   of   the   bathroom   to   ask   about   the   blow   dryer .   she   asked   how   much   i   paid   for   it ,   and   after   telling   her ,   she   indicated   that   she   couldn   t   believe   how   well   it   worked .   she   also   complained   that   she   had   recently   had   to   buy   a   new   blow   dryer   for   work   and   she   couldn   t   see   much   of   a   difference   between   hers   and   mine   expect   about   100 .
sleek   great   settings   but   has   initial   unpleasant   odor   very   nice   blow   dryer .   bit   of   an   odor   the   first   uses ,   it   needs   to   burn   off   before   it   will   fade .   pretty   and   very   happy   with   the   number   of   speed   and   heat   settings .
nice   little   hair   dryer   this   little   hair   dryer   is   very   light   weight ,   nice   small   for   traveling   and   just   as   nice   for   every   day   use .   it   is   quite   powerful   for   being   so   small   but   drys   my   hair   in   no   time   at   all .   i   love   the   travel   bag   that   comes   with   it .
wonderful !   this   hair   dryer   is   the   best   one   i   have   been   able   to   find !   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair .   it   used   to   take   me   about   and   hour   and   a   half   to   dry   my   whole   head ,   this   dryer   got   it   dry   in ... wait   for   it ....   about   25   minutes !   old   dryers   would   leave   my   hair   super   frizzy !   but   this   blow   dryer   left   my   hair   almost   board   straight .   i   almost   didn   t   have   to   use   the   hsi   straightener   that   i   bought   along   with   it .   i   never   used   to   blow   dry   my   hair   because   of   the   time   it   would   take   plus   how   frizzy   it   would   leave   my   hair   but   now   i   have   blown   dried   my   hair   every   single   time !   totally   worth   it !
nah   this   does   not   get   hot   enough   to   straighten   your   hair ... takes   forever   to   dry   your   hair .   not   using   it .   it   is   quiet   though .
best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   had !   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   it   really   is   quieter   than   any   other   one   i   ve   owned .   the   attachments   that   come   with   it   are   great ,   and   it   cuts   down   a   ton   on   frizz .   br   br   i   love   that   the   handle   folds   up   for   easy   storage ,   and   it   s   really   lightweight .   you   don   t   feel   like   your   arm   is   going   to   fall   off   while   drying   your   hair .   it   s   also   pretty   quick .   i   have   thick ,   straight   hair   that   goes   halfway   down   my   back ,   and   it   takes   around   10   minutes   to   dry .
the   best   blow   dryer   ever   i   only   wish   that   i   had   bought   this   blow   dryer   when   ever   they   first   came   out ... my   hair   drys   in   more   than   half   of   the   time   faster .... excellent   product ...
lightweight   considering   the   lower   price   this   conair   turbo   slyler   does   everything   it   claimed   it   could   do .   i   used   another   brand   before   and   wasn   t   happy   with   it .
awesome   little   dryer   i   used   one   of   these   hair   dryers   at   a   hotel   back   in   2008   and   when   we   returned   from   our   trip   i   immediately   ordered   2 .   i   recently   dropped   the   original   one   and   broke   it   so   had   to   get   the   backup   second   one   i   had   ordered   out   to   use .   then   i   ordered   another   back   up   just   in   case .   i   have   been   caught   short   before   by   different   brands   and   had   to   go   to   an   event   with   wet   hair .   that   will   never   happen   again   since   i   always   keep   a   backup   now .   br   gets   the   job   done   and   it   is   a   nice   light   dryer ,   packs   easy .   just   love   these .   never   stop   carrying   them ,   please !
gets   hot   fast .   this   thing   pumps   out   hot   air   pretty   much   instantaneously .   great   for   people   with   no   patience .   it   might   be   nice   if   it   had   more   oomph   on   the   high   setting ,   but   my   girlfriend   says   the   same   thing   so   i   guess   i   shouldn   t   throw   stones .
great   hair   dyer   i   use   it   everyday .   it   works   great .   no   problems .   good   price .   i   got   one   for   every   bathroom .   good   power .   easy   buy .
love   it   love   this   hair   dryer .   everything   as   described .   seriously   people ,   hold   the   plug   while   you   push   the   button   to   retract   and   no   one   gets   hurt !
big   lie ! !   fake ! ! !   do   not   buy ! !   i   ordered   this   product   because   i   heard   from   a   number   of   friend   how   great   it   was .   i   have   curly   hair   so   i   also   ordered   the   diffuser   to   match   it .   i   used   it   once   to   dry   my   hair ,   it   was   okay   not   as   i   was   told   it   would   be   .   i   then   tried   my   diffuser ,   i   used   it   2   times .   i   went   to   pull   the   diffuser   off   to   go   back   to   the   drying   piece ,   the   blow   dryer   completely   fell   apart .   i   noticed   that   the   blow   dryer   is   made   out   of   card   board   inside   that   is   so   dangerous ! !   i   tried   to   get   a   refund   from   the   3rd   party   vendor   and   they   replied   by   saying   34   throw   away   the   item ,   we   will   mail   out   a   replacement !   34   i   wrote   back   and   demanded   my   money ! !   i   never   heard   back   from   them   so   amazon   luckily   refunded   my   money .   for   a   dryer   that   is   over   100   ,   this   is   ridiculous .   br   br   my   mistake   was   to   not   read   the   reviews .   i   am   writing   this   to   save   people   money ,   don   t   do   it !   i   believe   the   blow   dryer   i   got   is   a   knock   off   and   i   would   hope   these   people   selling   them   are   caught   and   prosecuted .
good   dryer .   one   problem .   this   is   a   fast ,   powerful   hair   dryer .   i   have   medium   length ,   medium   thick   hair   and   this   little   number   works   fast   without   over   drying .   the   problem   the   plug   is   too   loose   in   the   socket .   this   is   the   same   socket   i   ve   used   for   several   different   curling   wands ,   straighteners ,   hair   dryers ,   battery   chargers   and   even   glad   plug   ins   over   the   last   eight   years .   the   plugs   on   all   those   items   fit   the   outlet   just   fine .   the   plug   on   this   dryer   will   fall   right   out   of   the   socket   six   or   seven   times   in   the   five   or   six   minutes   it   takes   to   dry   my   hair .   very   frustrating !   i   usually   sit   a   heavy   book   about   8   inches   out   on   the   cord   to   hold   it   steady   then   shove   a   vase   against   the   plug   to   keep   it   in   the   socket .   of   course ,   this   leaves   very   little   cord   length   for   raising   the   dryer   up   to   my   head   since   the   cord   is   already   a   bit   short .
no   doubt ,   this   is   the   best !   after   spending   another   vacation   week   in   a   hilton   using   this   wonderful   dryer ,   i   knew   it   would   be   disappointing   to   go   home   and   not   have   one .   its   compact ,   perfect   heat   settings   2   and   so   easy   to   use .   the   cord   is   the   perfect   length .   i   never   take   a   blowdryer   with   me   when   i   travel   because   i   just   love   these   wall   mounted   ones   by   sunbeam .   you   have   one   button   to   push   to   turn   it   on   and   then   when   you   re   done ,   just   put   the   dryer   back   into   its   holder   and   it   automatically   turns   off .   its   easy   to   clean ,   and   easy   to   change   the   wattage   setting .   i   mounted   it   near   my   mirror   and   the   nightlight   which   i   thought   would   not   be   a   good   thing ,   turns   out   to   be   so   perfect   in   the   middle   of   the   night .   having   two   heat   settings   as   far   as   inside   the   dryer   to   save   electricity   is   great   for   those   that   want   a   softer   not   as   hot   two   setting   dryer   or   those   that   are   trying   to   save   money   among   other   things .   its   perfect ,   i   gave   away   my   other   dryer   and   never   looked   back .   br   br   get   it ,   you   ll   love   it ,   really   i   promise .
great   for   thick   hair   my   sister   got   one   for   christmas   and   i   borrowed   it   from   her ..... fell   in   love   with   it !   my   hair   is   thick   and   it   dries   in   less   time   than   my   other   one .
noise   level   i   don   t   have   much   experience   with   hair   dryers .   that   s   my   wife   s   responsibility !   but   she   has   mentioned   several   times   that   she   finds   this   particular   product   noisier   than   she   liked   or   expected .
great   idea   we   have   a   tiny   bathroom   with   no   storage . this   hair   dryer   is   so   perfect . it   s   out   of   the   way   when   not   in   use . does   not   take   up   drawer   space . even   has   a   night   light .
fifth   failure   of   same   feature   low   setting   fails   update   i   purchased   my   latest   replacement   yes ,   if   you   buy   this   product   you   will   need   to   replace   it   regularly   on   jun   19 ,   2017   and   now   it   has   failed   on   july   27   low   speed   stopped   working   so   it   only   blows   on   high   .   the   product   is   wonderful   when   it   works   but   my   amazon   order   history   shows   it   is   a   consistent   failure   purchases   on   jan   3 ,   2012 ,   mar   5 ,   2013 ,   may   20 ,   2013 ,   jun   19 ,   2017   of   the   same   feature .   there   was   at   least   one   other   failure   but   i   complained   directly   to   the   manufacturer   about   the   short   lifespan   in   2013   and   was   sent   a   new   one   and   also   bought   another   new   one   at   a   local   store   and   these   two   lasted   4   years ,   2013   2017 .   br   br   some   people   may   ask   why   i   keep   buying   this   product   and   i   will   say ,   1   it   is   inexpensive ,   2   a   few   of   these   units   have   lasted   for   more   than   one   year ,   3   the   3   holes   on   my   bathroom   wall   where   it   is   mounted   are   difficult   to   disguise   and   each   replacement   unit   so   far   has   fit   into   these   holes   although   i   now   use   a   slightly   larger   drywall   anchor   and ,   4   i   like   having   a   hair   dryer   off   my   counter !   br   br   original   comment   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   more   than   a   year   ago   and   used   it   nearly   every   day   to   dry   both   my   husband   s   and   my   own   short   hair .   it   is   a   reasonably   quiet   but   powerful   machine   that   does   its   job   well .   the   addition   of   a   hanger   on   the   wall   mount   to   wrap   the   cord   out   of   harms   way ,   since   it   inevitably   stretches   out ,   is   a   great   innovation .   i   would   have   given   it   a   5   star   review   then .   br   br   unfortunately   the   lower   speed   it   has   two   speeds   stopped   functioning   after   a   little   more   than   a   year .   the   higher   speed   is   too   hot   and   too   noisy   to   use .   i   repurchased   the   exact   same   hair   dryer   on   april   6 ,   2013 .   today   3   days   after   the   30   day   product   replacement   window   the   lower   speed   stopped   functioning .   br   br   updated   7   14   15   the   manufacturer   replaced   this   hair   dryer   under   their   more   customer   friendly   policy   but   i   had   already   bought   a   new   one   from   amazon   so   i   stored   it   away .   last   week ,   more   than   two   years   later ,   the   new   amazon   hair   dryer   quit   same   reasons   as   before   and   i   was   able   to   install   the   stored   dryer   in   10   minutes .   i   urge   amazon   customers   to   always   consider   invoking   the   manufacturer   s   warranty   and   remind   everyone   that   being   able   to   reprint   the   amazon   purchase   record   provides   34   proof   of   purchase   34   they   needed   to   honor   their   own   1   year   warranty .   i   also   am   upgrading   this   product   to   4   stars   because   it   continued   to   perform   well   for   longer   than   many   inexpensive   electrical   appliances   these   days   and ,   obviously ,   i   like   the   style   and   functionality   enough   to   keep   buying   the   same   unit   br   i   won   t   purchase   a   third   one .   i   downgraded   my   review   to   3   stars   because ,   when   functioning   correctly ,   it   is   still   a   very   decent   hair   dryer .   the   company   needs   to   work   on   their   quality   control   issues . air   dryer   quit   same   reasons   as   before   and   i   was   able   to   install   the   stored   dryer   in   10   minutes .   i   urge   amazon   customers   to   always   consider   invoking   the   manufacturer   s   warranty   and   remind   everyone   that   being   able   to   reprint   the   amazon   purchase   record   provides   34   proof   of   purchase   34   they   needed   to   honor   their   own   1   year   warranty .   i   also   am   upgrading   this   product   to   4   stars   because   it   continued   to   perform   well   for   longer   than   many   inexpensive   electrical   appliances   these   days   and ,   obviously ,   i   like   the   style   and   functionality   enough   to   keep   buying   the   same   unit   br   i   won   t   purchase   a   third   one .   i   downgraded   my   review   to   3   stars   because ,   when   functioning   correctly ,   it   is   still   a   very   decent   hair   dryer .   the   company   needs   to   work   on   their   quality   control   issues .
poor   product ,   did   not   last   purchased   product   9   7   2012 .   by   4   6   2013 ,   the   product   does   not   work .   the   dryer   is   not   overused   2   times   per   week ,   maximum .   i   call   helen   of   troy   products   to   make   a   complaint .   i   have   to   pay   the   cost   of   shipping   the   product   back   to   them   and   wait   a   minimum   of   two   weeks   for   them   to   return   a   replacement   to   me .
very   handy   and   drys   fast   for   the   price   it   is   really   great .   i   like   this   product .. it   would   be   nice   if   it   could   be   adjusted   more   than   two   settings   but   it   is   very   handy   and   dries   hair   very   fast .   i   suppose   the   more   expensive   one   have   more   settings   it   does   get   very   hot .   when   your   done   it   just   pops   back   in   the   wall   holder   and   the   cord   hangs   up   on   the   knob   so   it   s   out   of   the   way .
blows   me   away !   good   power   with   very   low   noise .   robust   design .   the   night   light   does   the   job   well .   the   dryer   was   easy   to   install .
hair   dryer   for   the   price   it   was   worth   it .   br   i   like   this   product .   br   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone   looking   for   the   same   thing .
i   hate   it   i   dont   usually   dry   my   hair   everyday ,   and   ive   used   it   not   more   than   6   months   bought   it   end   of   2012   and   now   i   cant   switch   it   on   already .   i   hate   it   so   so   so   so   so   much ,   such   a   waste   of   money .
retractable   cord !   perfect   hair   dryer ,   does   the   job .   comes   with   2   add   on   s   for   scrunching   hair   or   blowing   it   out   straight .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   space   saver   life   saver !
quiet   but   not   enough   power   i   have   thick   hair   and   need   a   dryer   with   powerful   motor   and   high   output .   while   this   dryer   is   quiet   and   lightweight ,   it   did   not   have   any   more   power   than   the   20   dryer   i   was   using   before .   i   could   not   find   any   wattage   power   specifications   on   the   packaging   or   in   the   product   manual .   i   am   returning   it   so   i   cannot   comment   on   durability   or   how   long   it   lasts .
the   best   hairdryer !   i   saw   this   in   people   style   and   wanted   to   try   it .   i   have   long   thick   hair   and   it   cut   my   drying   time   in   half .   it   s   perfect   and   leaves   my   hair   feeling   silky   smooth .
great   product !   this   hair   dryer   works   really   fast   on   turbo   and   my   hair   feels   very   soft   when   it   s   dry .   i   really   like   it !
wall   mount   hair   dryer   having   this   wall   mount   hair   dryer   has   ben   a   real   convience ,   it   reduces   a   lot   of   cluter   around   the   sink   it   works   and   looks   well .   one   of   the   better   things   i   have   purchased .
great   dryer   my   hair   is   so   soft   with   this   dryer   and   it   doesnt   frizz   out .   also ,   it   isnt   as   loud   as   my   previous   cheaper   dryer .
isn   t   going   to   last   a   year   i   purchased   this   dryer   in   september   of   2012 .   it   is   now   april   2013   and   the   dryer   is   on   its   last   legs .   it   still   runs ,   but   it   powers   down   to   a   lower   setting   while   trying   to   use   the   high   setting .   i   expect   it   to   quit   all   together   soon .
i   love   it   this   pro   bonnet   style   dryer   shipped   fast   from   the   seller   and   was   easy   to   assemble .   it   is   whisper   quiet   and   does   a   great   job   drying   hair   evenly .   i   recommend   this   product .
blow   dryer   have   been   using   the   yellow   bird   dryer   for   a   least   20   years .   it   s   the   best   blow   dryer   on   the   market   bt   conair
this   is   an   awesome   product   i   suffer   from   carpal   tunnell   syndrome .   i   have   had   surgery   but   still   have   no   strength   for   long   periods   of   time .   holding   my   hair   dryer   was   really   hard   to   do   over   a   minute   or   two .   this   product   saved   the   day .   it   is   sturdy   and   accomodates   my   blowdryer   really   well   even   though   it   is   a   big   one .   i   would   most   certainly   recomend   this   product   to   anyone .
exact   same   item   as .....   i   have   three   teenage   daughters   so   recently   i   purchased   three   different   hair   dryers   from   amazon .   imagine   my   surprise   when   i   realized   two   were   essentially   identical   except   for   the   price ,   the   length   of   the   cord   and   the   brand   name .   the   pro   beauty   tools   5885   professional   lightweight   hair   dryer   is   the   exact   same   as   the   revlon   rv544   1875   watt   tourmaline   ionic   lightweight   dryer ,   silver   black   by   revlon .   both   of   these   hair   dryers   are   made   by   helen   of   troy .   both   have   the   same   handle ,   body ,   and   heat   speed   options .   both   have   the   exact   same   intertek   number   3175842   .   the   major   difference   is   the   pro   beauty   tools   hair   dryer   does   have   a   cord   that   is   2   longer   than   the   revlon   dryer   and   it   the   pro   beauty   tools   has   an   extra   filter   included .   for   the   10   difference   in   price   pro   beauty   tools   higher   one   can   decide   if   these   options   are   worth   the   extra   cash .   in   my   opinion   both   of   these   items   are   a   five   star   item   for   price   and   performance .
great   dryer   and   easy   to   store   away   ok ,   yes ,   it   is   a   little   bulky ,   but   it   s   because   it   has   tons   and   i   mean   tons !   of   power ,   which   you   can   easily   control   so   you   don   t   burn   your   hair .   the   cord   can   be   34   sucked   in   34   in   2   secs   and   then   just   put   the   whole   thing   away .   beautiful !
wish   i   could   return   not   sure   where   other   reviewers   are   coming   from   , but   i   do   not   like   this   low   dryer .. it   is   way   too   cold   even   on   warm   setting   and   not   strong   enough .. if   it   wasnt   too   late   i   would   return   it .. plus   the   knobs   are   cheap   plastic   and   about   to   fall   off   after   2   mos !   waste   of   money !
hotel   dryer   during   our   last   vacation ,   one   of   the   hotels   had   this   dryer .   i   loved   how   different   it   was   and   how   my   hair   looked   after   using   it .   i   wrote   down   the   name   and   model   number .   when   i   came   home ,   i   looked   it   up   and   bought   one .   br   br   i   didn   t   think   one   dryer   was   different   from   another .   i   was   wrong .   i   use   this   every   day   and   it   doesn   t   disappoint .
dries   my   hair   with   less   heat ,   in   the   same   amount   of   time .   overall ,   i   m   quite   happy   with   this   hairdryer .   i   didn   t   give   it   a   5   5   because   i   m   not   quite   raving   it   didn   t   transform   my   hair ,   like   some   people   claimed ,   or   dramatically   reduce   my   drying   time ,   but   for   the   price ,   this   hairdryer   is   a   great   value   and   i   think   i   ll   be   using   mine   for   quite   some   time   to   come .   br   br   i   ve   owned   this   hairdryer   for   about   a   month   now .   here   are   my   impressions   br   br   pros   br   doesn   t   get   as   hot ,   but   dries   my   hair   in   about   the   same   amount   of   time   as   my   old   non   ceramic ,   non   ionic   hairdryer   if   anything ,   a   little   faster   .   lower   heat   is   less   damaging   to   my   hair ,   so   since   this   dryer   still   gets   it   done   just   as   quickly ,   that   s   a   good   thing   in   my   book !   br   has   three   heat   settings   and   two   intensity   settings ,   allowing   for   lots   of   control .   br   has   a   cold   shot   button   that   functions   well .   br   retractable   cord   is   very   convenient   for   traveling   and   storage .   br   design   is   sleek   and   attractive .   br   br   cons   br   i   wish   the   cord   were   just   a   little   longer .   maybe   i   m   asking   for   too   much ,   but   this   one   seems   a   little   shorter   than   my   last ,   and   i   find   myself   pulling   on   it   fairly   often .   br   the   hairdryer   is   a   bit   heavy ,   but   nothing   unmanageable .   get   that   arm   workout !   br   br   i   haven   t   used   the   diffuser   or   concentrator   attachments ,   so   i   can   t   give   an   accurate   review   of   those .   but   just   out   of   the   box   and   unmodified ,   this   dryer   has   proved   to   be   a   good   purchase   for   me .
annoying   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   hairdryer   after   my   sharper   image   was   dropped   after   years   of   service .   br   the   pro   was   well   rated   by   good   housekeeping ,   that   seemed   to   bode   well .   however ,   after   using   it   3   times   i   must   say   that   it   is   an   annoying   tool .   i   use   a   round   brush ,   and   the   slightest   movement   turns   the   hairdryer   off   or   onto   another   setting   happens   4   5   times   each   time   despite   trying   to   get   used   to   it .   the   switch   is   not   designed   well .   br   it   also   has   a   high   speed   and   a   low   speed ,   but   the   desirable   middle   speed   is   missing .   br   the   weight   is   good ,   seems   very   light ,   and   the   price   is   good .   the   hairdryer   does   leave   my   hair   smooth ,   but   i   would   advise   you   to   keep   looking ,   and   not   settle   for   the   pro .
was   fine   while   it   lasted ... which   wasn   t   long   this   hairdryer   was   a   fine   replacement   while   it   lasted   for   my   wife   s   old   used   for   8   years !   conair   dryer   that   she   loved .   she   figured   sticking   with   conair   would   be   a   safe   bet ,   given   how   long   her   mini   travel   dryer   had   lasted .   wrong .   she   had   this   one   less   than   a   year   before   the   plug   box   started   repeatedly   shorting   out   whenever   it   was   plugged   in .   we   ve   never   had   any   problems   with   other   appliances   plugged   into   the   same   outlet ,   including   other   hairdryers   .   ultimately ,   the   plug   box   started   smoking   from   the   repeated   shorts   whenever   the   prongs   touched   outlet .   she   just   had   to   toss   it   and   will   have   to   buy   another   one   far   sooner   than   she   expected   she   d   have   to .   conair   should   make   better   quality   products   than   this !
okay   this   dryer   was   not   for   me   and   amazon   refunded   my   money   immediately .   this   is   a   regular   dryer .   i   have   fine   hair   that   gets   frizzy   and   needs   to   dry   quickly .   i   now   know   i   need   to   stay   with   the   professional   models .
t3   for   luxurious   hair   this   is   one   of   my   best   purchases   of   the   year   thus   far .   i   m   very   happy   to   have   purchased   it   as   it   has   changed   the   texture   of   my   hair   tremendously .   i   never   knew   how   much   a   blow   dryer   can   have   such   an   effect   to   the   results   of   your   hair .   my   hair   is   so   smooth ,   soft ,   and   shiny .   i   use   to   dread   blow   drying   my   hair   and   instead   forfeited   it   altogether .   i   would   only   blow   dry   on   special   occasions   and   preferred   air   drying   because   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair   so   it   would   take   my   full   hair   to   dry   30   45   minutes   and   even   then   there   would   be   spots   still   damp ,   my   hair   would   get   caught   in   the   vent ,   it   was   extremely   hot   under   the   blow   dryer .... basically   it   was   more   of   a   hassle   to   blow   dry   my   hair .   with   the   t3   it   is   so   pleasant   and   10   times   quicker   to   dry .   i   love   the   efficiency   and   ease   the   t3   provides   as   well   as   the   amazing   results .   br   br   i   had   my   mother   try   my   dryer   out   so   she   could   feel   the   difference   and   she   was   instantly   converted .   she   commented   she   never   knew   that   a   blow   dryer   could   make   such   a   difference .   we   are   use   to   buying   cheaper   dryers   because   we   didn   t   think   a   more   expensive   dryer   made   a   difference .   this   is   a   great   investment   and   what   a   deal   you   get   from   purchasing   on   amazon .   i   see   the   t3   dryers   on   sale   at   tj   maxx   periodically   but   it   is   still   no   way   near   the   deal   i   got   on   amazon .   right   away   i   bought   one   for   my   mother   per   her   request   and   we   can   gladly   say   we   have   never   looked   back !
disappointed   i   ordered   this   blow   dryer   pictured   and   the   one   i   received   was   a   blue   and   black   one .   there   was   nothing   on   the   page   when   i   ordered   that   said   they   could   come   in   different   colors   so   i   was   very   disappointed .   the   blow   dryer   itself   is   fine   i   just   don   t   think   they   should   send   a   different   color   than   pictured .
conair   puts   out   heat   this   conair   1875   watt   turbo   style   dryer   really   does   do   a   great   job   ob   drying   my   hair .   very   quick   and   efficient .
light   weight   and   easy   to   handle   i   am   happy   with   this   blowdryer   overall .   i   like   the   smooth   coating   and   the   light   weightiness   that   allows   it   easy   handling .   br   a   couple   things   that   do   bother   me   the   attachment   comes   off   easily ,   i   knock   it   off   at   least   once   during   my   blow   dry   session .   i   m   also   not   cool   with   the   cool   button ,   it   is   easy   to   press   and   i   end   up   cooling   my   hair   off   when   i   don   t   mean   to .
not   what   i   was   looking   for   i   have   a   conair   mini   from   years   ago   fits   in   the   palm   of   my   hand   ..   this   one   is   almost   regular   size ..   i   was   looking   for   a   very   small   hair   dryer   for   trips .
excellent   this   product   is   excellent ,   good   quality ,   durable   excellent   presentation .   i   had   no   problems   even   with   quality .   thanks   you   for   it
amazing   ...   i   lovedd   my   blowdryer   . i   always   been   useing   twinturbo   blowdryer   but   i   love   how   light   this   is   and   even   more   powerful .
great   dryer ,   hideous   night   light   the   hair   dryer   looks   and   works   great ,   but   the   bright   neon   green   nightlight   is   truly   ugly .   thought   i   would   just   press   the   gfci   switch   to   turn   it   off ,   but   the   button   has   a   rubber   overlay   that   is   very   hard   to   push .   so   i   opened   up   the   dryer   and   disconnected   the   light .
okay ,   not   spectacular   not   as   powerful   as   i   had   hoped   the   speeds   and   temperature   control   are   sufficient .   still   takes   a   while   to   dry   my   long   hair ,   so   this   is   not   as   impressive   as   some .   still ,   for   the   price ,   it   s   fine .   the   true   test   will   be   how   long   it   lasts   before   breaking ...
really   a   professional   hair   dryer !   the   hot   tools   hair   dryer   works   wonders .   it   s   so   easy   to   use .   all   you   have   to   do   is   attach   it   to   the   nozzle   of   your   blow   dryer   and   you   can   deep   condition   or   set   your   hair .   with   a   conventional   standing   dryer ,   the   back   of   my   head   does   not   dry   evenly   with   the   rest   of   the   hair ,   but   this   bonnet   gives   me   all   around   coverage ,   drying   my   hair   in   20   minutes .   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   close   to   8   months   and   i   ve   used   it   every   week   after   i   wash   and   style   my   hair .   it   s   survived   both   my   tightly   packed   suitcases ,   and   my   weekly   toss   into   the   cupboard   when   i   m   through .   this   may   not   be   the   dryer   for   people   who   set   their   hair   with   large   rollers   as   this   fits   snug   against   my   head   with   just   twists .   but   other   than   that   small   limitation ,   this   has   been   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned .
conair   blackbird   2000   watt   hair   dryer   great   product !   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   has   great   power   and   capabilities .   much   better   than   anything   i   ve   found   in   drug   stores .
great   i   was   never   a   fan   of   blow   dryers   but   this   one   was   awesome . i   didn   t   like   the   attachment   that   accompanied   the   blow   dryer   but   overall   it   works   and   i   like   it . i   recommend   it .
dryer   love   this   blow   dryer   had   the   red   one   before   but   the   wiring   was   cut ..   this   one   is   stronger   br   works   great ...   good   price
good   price ,   great   dryer   very   easy   to   mount .   even   easier   to   use .   the   unit   automatically   shuts   off   when   returned   to   the   cradle .   no   need   to   spend   money   on   higher   priced   units .   very   nice   product
broke   after   3   months   of   normal   use   do   not   buy .   it   was   great   while   it   lasted ,   but   it   shorted   out   after   3   months   of   use .   br   quiet   and   seemed   to   be   quality ... until   its   very   early   smoking ,   stinking   death .   br   br   find   another   that   lasts   longer .
wonderful   ! ! !   works   wonderful .   gets   hot   and   drys   very   fast .   shipped   fast ,   would   buy   another   one   if   i   had   to .   if   you   need   heat   to   your   hair   you   wont   go   wrong   purchasing   this   item .
travel   convenient   compact   hair   dryer   this   is   a   fantastic   little   hair   dryer .   i   bought   it   two   weeks   ago   after   reading   the   reviews   and   absolutely   all   the   positive   reviews   about   it   are   true .   i   love   the   power   it   throws   out .   it   is   quick   and   nice   in   doing   its   business .   it   is   a   little   noisy   but   i   guess   that   is   something   which   i   felt   in   my   previous   dryers   from   other   brands   too .   a   point   to   note   however   is   that   though   the   product   description   indicates   ... and   removable   concentrator   make   this   a   versatile   styler ... ,   there   is   no   concentrator   that   i   received   in   my   package .   so   if   you   are   looking   for   a   hair   dryer   with   a   diffuser   or   concentrator ,   then   this   product   does   not   come   with   one   and   you   may   need   to   search   and   buy   one   separately .
excellent   does   everything   the   manufacturer   states   and   the   price   was   well   worth   it .   shipping   was   quick   and   product   was   in   good   condition .   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer .
great   little   t3   dryer   i   have   full   size   t3   for   the   home ,   and   i   wanted   a   compact   t3   for   travel   because   no   one   wants   to   have   a   bad   hair   day   on   vacation   think   of   the   pictures !   i   need   a   decent   dryer   to   handle   my   long   hair .   hotel   dryers   are   always   pretty   cheap ,   and   my   old   mini   travel   was   useless .   t3   travel   dryer   is   pretty   comparable   to   the   full   size .   you   still   get   fairly   fast   dry   times ,   softer   hair ,   no   frizz ,   and   more   volume .   the   only   difference   between   the   travel   and   full   size   is   that   the   travel   drying   times   are   a   bit   longer .   it   also   comes   with   a   little   travel   pouch ,   as   an   added   bonus .   br   br   you   can   certainly   get   away   with   buying   the   travel   dryer   for   home   use   to   save   money   over   the   regular   one   which   normally   runs   200 ,   and   you   really   have   to   wait   out   the   sales   .   it   works   better   than   a   typical   semi   professional   dryer   in   the   same   price   range   works   better   than   my   old   tool   science   dryer ,   which   was   about   60   .   br   br   my   favorite   thing   about   the   t3s   is   that   they   can   actually   handle   restyling   my   hair   when   it   s   already   dry   none   of   my   old   dryers   could   ever   do   this   i   had   to   spray   water   in   my   hair   and   re   dry   .   br   br   another   review   mentioned   the   drier   did   not   have   a   serial   number   on   the   nozzle .   this   was   not   my   experience .   my   dryer   had   the   sticker   with   the   serial   number   under   the   nozzle   look   for   a   clear   label   that   says   danger   .   i   highly   recommend   registering   your   product   on   the   t3   website .   i   had   problem   with   my   full   size   dryer   not   this   travel   size   one   ,   and   the   t3   co ,   honored   their   warranty   and   fixed   it .
this   is   a   piece   of   crap !   do   not   waste   your   money .   i   should   start   by   stating   my   wife   was   the   one   that   used   this   dryer   so   the   report   of   how   well   it   worked   is   indirect .   we   gave   it   1   star   because   i   couldn   t   give   0   stars .   don   t   get   me   wrong .   the   dryer   worked   great   for   3   months .   then ,   the   motor   went   out .   the   honeymoon   was   over .   the   box   states   it   has   a   24   month   manufacturers   warranty .   they   will   replace ,   but   it   costs   money .   for   me   it   was   40   plus   another   15   to   ship .   absurd !   they   said   even   doing   so   was   against   their   rules   because   amazon   was   not   an   authorized   dealer .   well ,   long   story   short ,   the   manufacturer   t3   wanted   55   to   replace .   amazon ,   knowing   this   is   a   poor   business   practice ,   stood   behind   their   service   and   refunded   the   entire   purchase   price .   to   summarize ,   i   wouldn   t   buy   anything   this   manufacturer   peddles   and   i   hope   you   don   t   either .
blow   dryer   have   used   it   4   times .   powerful ,   easy   to   handle   br   and   dries   hair   in   half   the   time   of   my .   easy   to   hold   handle   design .   best   of   all ,   it   is   small   and   lightweight .   br   highly   recommend   this   dryer .
  fabulous   i   was   in   need   of   a   new   dryer   and   this   was   the   only   one   i   could   buy   right   away   that   a   comb   would   fit .   i   ve   only   used   it   once   but   i   can   truly   say   its   night   and   day   from   my   gold   n   hot   dryer   of   7   years .   my   hair   is   thick   and   usually   take   at   least   20   to   30   minutes   with   my   old   dryer .   it   only   took   my   about   10   minutes   to   completely   dry   my   hair .   for   me   this   is   amazing   because   it   cut   down   on   my   usual   1.5   process   of   doing   my   hair .   oh   and   tried   the   oil   and   its   just   as   great   as   the   dryer   leaving   my   hair   feeling   soft ,   shiny   and   healthy .   the   only   downside   was   it   was   a   bit   heavy   nothing   one   couldn   t   handle .   oh   and   the   price   as   i   usually   wouldn   t   spend   this   much   on   a   dryer   but   its   worth   as   of   now .   i   would   recommend   as   at   the   moment .   if   anything   changes   i   will   update   my   review .
everything   i   need   this   hairdryer   is   everything   i   need ,   great   choice   for   me .   would   reccomend   to   anyone   that   does   not   need   a   professional   type   hair   dryer
not   worth   the   money   i   purchased   the   t3   featherweight   luxe   dryer   from   a   retail   store .   it   lasted   about   9   months .   i   contacted   the   company   but   because   i   didnt   register   the   product ,   i   had   to   pay   another   55   to   ship   it   off .   6   weeks   later ,   i   received   a   newer   t3   2i   model ,   but   it   didnt   include   any   of   the   extra   accessories   that   my   first   one   did ,   including   the   diffuser   which   i   use   everyday ! !   called   the   company   back ... and   instead   of   just   sending   me   a   diffuser ,   they   tell   me   that   i   have   to   send   the   whole   thing   back   and   that   they   will   ship   out   a   new   older   model .   in   other   words ,   another   6   weeks   without   a   hair   dryer   to   get   the   diffuser   that   i   need .   so ... by   the   time   i   purchase   a   new   diffuser   for   30   and   pay   the   55   for   a   replacement ,   i   could   just   have   bought   a   brand   new   reliable   chi   or   something .   don   t   buy   the   t3 .   it   s   more   trouble   than   its   worth ! ! !   you   can   get   a   cheap   one   and   it   will   be   of   the   same   quality .
good   enough .   i   have   2   girls   and   me   with   long   hair   in   my   family .   i   find   very   helpful   to   use   for   different   hairstyle   actually   with   very   long   hair .   br   i   gave   only   4   stars   because   it   is   not   the   best   quality   but   for   the   price   is   good   enough !   br   was   a   good   buy ,   try   it .
ok   hair   dryer   i   really   expected   it   to   dry   my   hair   super   fast   after   reading   the   reviews ,   but   i   would   say   it   takes   just   as   long   as   a   normal   hair   dryer .   i   like   it ,   and   it   works   good   just   not   as   fast   as   i   had   hoped .
good   hair   dryer   this   is   a   really   good   blow   dryer .   i   have   unrelaxed   aa   hair .   makes   my   hair   really   straight   and   manageable .   the   only   down   side   to   this   dryer   is   that   it   s   really   heavy   otherwise   its   great !
i   had   one   before   so   already   knew   i   d   love   it   but   my   first   one   was   300 !   i   was   thrilled   to   find   one   at   this   low   price ,   and   it   has   additional   features !   i   love   it   because   it   works   faster   yet   quieter   than   other   blow   driers ,   is   supposedly   healthier   for   hair   mine   is   definitely   less   dry   since   using   it !   ,   and   doesn   t   blow   my   hair   all   over   at   the   high   setting   it   is   very   pleasant   to   use .   also   my   first   one   was   a   featherweight   and   i   didn   t   notice   that   this   one   was   not   until   it   was   already   shipping .   i   decided   to   see   if   it   was   heavier ,   and   it   is   not .   so   i   am   completely   satisfied !   i   bring   this   with   me   to   nice   hotels   because   it   s   always   better   than   whatever   they   provide .
great   product   i   ve   been   using   this   exact   same   hair   dryer   for   20   years !   there   s   a   reason   i   keep   buying   it   even   though   it   seems   to   die   after   4   5   yrs   of   constant   use .   the   nightlight   is   perfect   for   the   master   bath .   now   we   don   t   wake   each   other   up   in   the   middle   of   the   night   by   turning   on   the   normal   light .
great   product   have   had   it   for   about   2   years .   works   superbly   has   lots   of   power   the   handle   still   folds   as   when   it   was   new   the   retractable   cable   mechanism   still   works   like   it   did   when   it   was   new   affordable   price .   all   things   considered   it   is   a   great   product .
just   bought   my   second   one !   i   first   encountered   this   hair   dryer   while   using   one   at   a   hotel .   i   was   so   impressed ,   i   wrote   down   the   name   of   the   dryer   and   searched   for   it   on   line .   i   bought   this   unit   from   amazon   and   used   it   for   several   years .   it   finally   saw   its   last   day .   i   immediately   went   back   to   amazon   and   purchased   another   one .   i   received   it   within   2   days   and   am   once   again   content .   br   br   pros   retractible   cord ,   folds   for   packing ,   dries   very   well ,   affordable   and   salon   friendly   br   con   sometimes   gets   too   hot
great   product   my   husband   does   a   lot   of   traveling   and   had   commented   he   liked   the   hair   dryers   that   are   in   hotels   that   hang   on   the   wall .   i   bought   us   one   and   am   sure   glad   i   did .   it   s   nice   just   to   reach   up   and   have   it   there   ready   to   use ,   instead   of   having   it   in   a   drawer   or   under   the   counter   with   the   cord   wrapped   around   it .   loved   it   so   much   bought   our   son   and   daughter   one   for   there   homes .   they   like   theirs   also .   br   would   highly   recommend .
no   complaints   so   far .   great   value .   would   be   great   if   it   had   a   rubberized   grip   around   the   handle   for   better   control ,   but   other   than   that ,   it   s   worked   great   so   far .   good   power ,   heat   on   high   is   pretty   good .
love   this   hairdryer !   the   best   i   ve   ever   used .   the   hairdryer   works   just   as   it   was   described .   it   is   small   and   compact ,   so   it   s   much   more   easy   to   handle   than   drug   store   hairdryers .   i   would   recommend   this   hairdryer   to   anyone   who   has   long ,   thick   hair   i   have   long ,   very   thick ,   dry   and   damaged   hair   .   br   br   i   would   also   like   to   say   that   i   will   be   a   faithful   amazon   customer   for   any   products   i   need   and   amazon   carries .   i   was   blow   drying   my   hair   when   the   hairdryer   fell   to   the   floor   and   broke .   i   contacted   amazon   and ,   without   even   questioning   me   about   why   the   hairdryer   broke ,   amazon   replaced   it   at   no   charge   and   it   was   delivered   in   two   days !   i   am   extremely   impressed   with   amazon .   thank   you   amazon .   i   really   appreciate   your   customer   service .
it   s   a   good   dryer   i   have   been   researching   hair   dryers   and   came   upon   this   dryer   which   my   mother   owns   and   i   still   borrow   .   i   m   looking   to   buy   my   own   for   convenience .   my   mother   originally   bought   this   dryer   because   it   was   used   in   a   lot   of   dominican   salons   and   the   fact   that   she   s   had   it   over   10   years   i   think   speaks   for   itself .   we   didn   t   buy   it   on   amazon   but ,   at   a   local   beauty   supply   for   about   60   then .   i   wanted   to   leave   a   review   because   i   felt   that   a   lot   of   reviews   i   ve   seen   for   different   dryers   were   left   by   people   with   hair   types   that   could   be   dried   well   even   without   a   hair   dryer .   not   so   for   me .   br   br   my   hair   br   thick   br   coarse   br   long   past   the   middle   of   my   back   br   dominican   if   that   helps   br   cannot   air   dry   it   it   would   dry   very   puffy   and   frizzy   if   so   br   has   been   relaxed   i   relax   it   2   4   times   a   year   br   retains   water   humid   weather   wreaks   havoc   br   br   what   seems   to   be   most   people   s   hair   types   in   hair   dryer   reviews   overall   not   just   this   one   br   able   to   dry   with   minimal   effort   no   brushing   or   able   to   point   the   dryer   generally   and   have   their   hair   still   dry   straight   br   hair   that   can   dry   in   5   20   minutes   with   minimal   effort   br   thick   though   i   think   some   people   are   confused   as   to   their   actual   hair   type   br   br   i   was   surprised   to   learn   that   this   hair   dryer   is   only   1300   watts .   after   reading   many   dryer   reviews ,   i   thought   i   d   need   something   that   was   2000   watts .   now ,   i   m   rethinking   that   because   this   still   does   a   good   job   at   1300 .   i   think   some   people   who   leave   dryer   reviews   don   t   know   their   actual   hair   type   and   or   how   to   properly   blow   dry   their   hair   for   a   smooth ,   lasting ,   straight   finish .   sometimes   it   s   not   the   dryer   s   fault   but ,   how   people   attempt   to   dry   their   hair .   my   mother   does   hair   very   well   if   you   ve   ever   gone   to   a   dominican   salon ,   you   know   that   dominican   salons   tend   to   do   hair   well   .   some   people   at   other   salons   tend   to   dry   all   hair   types   as   if   they   are   the   same   and   dry   the   same   and   that   isn   t   the   case ,   leaving   me   or   others   iknow   with   similar   hair   with   terrible   results .   these   have   been   my   experiences   and   obviously   don   t   apply   to   everyone .   i   don   t   like   going   to   salons   and   haven   t   gone   in   years .   using   this   dryer ,   i   have   always   received   compliments   on   how   nice   and   straight   my   hair   looks .   br   br   when   i   first   tried   to   do   my   own   hair   without   really   knowing   how   to   using   someone   s   john   frieda   1875   watt   hair   dryer .   i   did   a   horrible   job   that   took   me   a   very   long   time   and   ended   with   puffy   hair ,   not   smooth   at   all   but   at   least   dry .   if   you   don   t   use   a   blow   dryer   on   a   hot   enough   setting ,   it   will   not   dry   well ,   it   only   gets   the   water   out   of   your   hair   is   all .   my   mother ,   using   the   same   dryer ,   did   a   much   better   job   similar   to   the   results   with   this   dryer .   you   have   to   use   a   brush   of   some   type   round   or   straight   to   pull   and   straighten   the   hair   for   a   smooth   finish .   you   should   also   dry   only   small   sections   at   a   time   for   better   results   and   always   point   the   dryer   down   and   in   the   direction   of   the   hair   shaft   using   the   concentrator   nozzle .   i   use   a   thermal   protector   as   well   as   other   products   for   shine   so ,   i   can   t   comment   on   the   dryer   s   efficacy   on   those   things .   br   br   pros   about   this   dryer   br   takes   my   hair   only   about   40   minutes   to   fully   dry   after   just   squeezing   out   excess   water   with   a   towel ,   parting ,   clipping   and   drying   small   sections   at   a   time .   compare   this   to   salons   where   i   have   to   sit   under   a   hooded   dryer   for   well   over   an   hour   and   have   them   still   blow   dry   my   hair   straight   after ,   which   takes   another   20   minutes   or   so   for   a   total   of   almost   two   hours .   br   dries   smoothly   and   straightens   well   no   need   to   use   a   flat   iron   after   br   gets   very   hot   br   strong   air   flow   br   good   weight   not   too   heavy   br   buttons   are   well   placed   don   t   accidentally   press   anything   br   long   cord   length   haven   t   measured   it   exactly   but ,   it   is   at   least   6   feet ,   probably   more   and   has   never   been   an   issue   br   removable   filter   can   easily   clean   for   a   longer   life   br   durable   has   been   owned   for   at   least   10years   and   still   works   well ,   using   it   several   times   a   week   on   2   3   people   with   similar   hair   types   to   my   own   br   comes   with   a   concentrator   nozzle   stays   put   and   after   years   of   accidental   drops   has   never   broken   br   could   go   for   up   to   a   week   without   having   to   redo   hair   br   br   cons   br   brand   name   rubbed   off   after   many   years   i   don   t   care   but ,   may   be   a   con   for   some   br   gets   very   hot   have   to   protect   my   ears   sometimes   and   cannot   leave   it   close   to   my   scalp   for   long .   good   that   it   gets   that   hot   but ,   you   have   to   be   careful   so   it   s   a   pro   and   con   br   loud   i   think   most   dryers   are .   in   terms   of   hearing   conservation ,   i   would   recommend   using   ear   plugs   with   dryers   since   they   are   so   close   to   your   head   ears   and   are   very   loud   for   a   long   period   of   time .   this   could   eventually   result   in   some   amount   of   noise   induced   hearing   loss .   not   specifically   with   just   this   dryer   but ,   any   dryer .   br   only   has   a   hot   and   cool   setting   each   with   different   strengths .   the   cool   setting   isn   t   that   cool ,   it   is   warm   although   i   ve   only   used   it   after   using   hot   for   over   30   minutes .   this   is   only   a   con   if   you   re   looking   for   a   dryer   with   a   cool   shot .   br   somewhat   expensive   there   are   many   dryers   available   for   half   this   price   so   it   is   an   investment   br   not   compact   if   you   re   looking   for   something   like   that .   i   have   had   bad   experiences   with   hotel   dryers   that   leave   my   hair   a   big   puffy   mess   so   i   will   still   pack   and   use   this ,   even   though   it   is   a   full   size   hair   dryer .   it   s   that   good .   br   br   i   would   recommend   this   product   but ,   i   am   not   personally   buying   it   for   myself   because   it   is   over   my   budget .   i   am   looking   for   a   dryer   that   is   less   than   40   50   and   available   through   prime .   this   dryer   is   not   available   with   prime   shipping   and   the   beauty   supply   store   has   jacked   up   the   price   over   the   years .   if   you   can   afford   to   spend   that   amount   on   a   dryer ,   it   is   a   good   investment .   i   d   prefer   not   to   if   i   can   find   something   that   works   as   well   as   this   one   for   less   money .   if   i   do   find   something   like   that ,   i   will   definitely   share   that   i   m   researching   and   will   try   but ,   at   least   i   have   this   dryer   as   a   backup   if   anything .
perfect !   that   s   what   i   needed !   it   s   fixed   on   the   wall   and   always   ready   to   be   used !   very   convenient   and   efficient !   great !
that   is   ok   revlon   rv408   1875   watt   full   size   turbo   dryer   is   ok   .   it   is   a   little   bigger   than   i   expected .   but   it   is   also   good .   thank   you   .
didn   t   last   two   months   i   received   the   hair   dryer ,   installed   in   on   the   wall ,   and   had   used   it   less   than   two   months   when   the   blower   went   out .   due   to   a   glitch   in   amazon   s   computer   system ,   i   was   unable   to   complete   the   return   replacement   procedure ,   so   i   am   stuck   with   a   broken   appliance .   won   t   buy   this   item   again ,   and   probably   won   t   buy   anything   like   this   from   amazon   again .
works   well   with   very   long   hair   it   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   very   long ,   thick   hair   like   mine ,   so   a   dryer   with   a   heavy   duty   ac   motor   is   a   must .   it   might   be   a   bit   heavy ,   but   it   works   well   and   should   last   a   while .
i   researched   until   i   dropped   so   glad   i   did !   i   love   remington   products !   this   hair   dryer   has   performed   perfectly   for   the   20   i   got   it   for   on   amazon .   br   i   replaced   my   conair   ion   shine   after   7   years .   regret   not   doing   it   sooner !   br   my   hair   was   frizzing   and   i   thought   it   was   because   of   my   age !   nope   my   conair   was   shot !   br   so   since   the   on   off   switch   broke   on   the   conair   i   finally   decided   that   was   unsafe   enough   to   warrant   a   new   hair   dryer .   br   plus   i   never   like   the   switches   on   that   dryer   anyway .   br   i   love   this   tstudio   hair   dryer .   it   is   not   too   loud   which   is   great   if   you   suffer   from   hearing   or   headache   issues .   br   i   love   the   color .   it   is   extremely   attractive .   it   is   a   dark   chocolate   brown   with   a   pinky   purple   accent .   goes   nicely   with   my   bathroom   decor .   oh !   and   the   best   part !   it   does   not   hurt   my   hands !   it   is   ergonomic !   i   feels   like   a   dream !   it   is   a   perfect   fit   in   my   palm   and   i   don   t   feel   the   switches   are   in   the   way   at   all .   i   found   that   i   naturally   held   the   dryer   so   the   thumb   was   grasping   along   the   length   of   the   switches   which   is   perfect !   so   excited   about   that   part !   br   was   going   to   buy   the   bablyss   sp   but   when   i   checked   that   out   on   youtube ,   i   intensely   disliked   the   noise   of   it .   br   so   remington   it   is !   i   hope   that   i   get   at   least   3   or   4   years   out   of   it   and   i   will   be   an   extremely   happy   customer .
great   product   we   use   this   multiple   times   a   day   and   it   is   very   convenient   having   it   on   the   wall .   liked   the   idea   after   seeing   it   in   hotel   rooms .
love   it !   so   glad   i   purchased   this   one ,   so   many   options   out   there ,   but   i   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   lot ,   so   i   choose   this   based   off   the   reviews ,   so   glad   i   did .   it   works   great ,   is   super   fast   compared   to   all   other   driers   ive   had ,   which   is   many ,   and   i   love   the   ion ,   i   wont   buy   one   without   it ,   and   can   tell   a   difference   with   ion !   if   you   hold   in   the   blue   button   it   will   give   you   cold   air ,   which   is   great ,   you   don   t   have   to   change   the   switch   to   cool   air ,   just   hole   in   the   blue   button   on   any   setting !   great !   it   gets   hot ,   but   not   so   hot   that   it   burns   your   neck   or   my   daughters   neck ,   which   is   always   a   problem   with   the   girls ,   she   used   to   hate   the   hair   dryer   cus   it   was   so   hot   it   burned   her   neck   ect   ,   however   it   is   hot   enough   to   dry   hair   very   quickly ,   which   is   a   great   deal   for   her ,   since   that   was   her   other   problem   with   them .   and   its   great   for   me   too ,   since   a   lot   of   time   i   barely   have   time   to   even   halfway   dry   my   hair ,   now   i   can   fully   dry   it   in   that   amount   of   time !   it   is   easy   to   hold   handle ,   and   has   all   the   options   that   an   expensive   dryer   would ,   with   the   add   ons   2   different   ones !   ,   they   clip   on   and   off   easy   also !   it   is   sturdy ,   i   have   had   it   for   a   couple   months ,   and   i   am   very   rough   with   them ,   leave   them   in   the   bathroom ,   laying   out ,   or   tucked   beside   the   makeup   table ,   laying   in   floor ,   or   just   through   under   the   cabnit , ,   and   i   have   had   no   issues   at   all ,   it   doesn   t   have   a   scratch   on   it !   amazing !   i   would   recommend   this   to   everybody ,   my   sis   already   got   the   same   one ,   after   using   mine , since   she   loved   it ,   and   still   does   after   a   month ,   and   now   my   mom   has   the   same   one   as   well ,   and   we   all   bought   them   on   here ,   to   be   sure   it   was   the   exact   same   one ,   since   in   the   stores   it   gets   kinda   confussing   since   so   many   are   similar   but   not   the   exact   same !   so ,   yes ,   recommended ,   love   it ,   love   it   ,   love   it !
great   product   was   exactly   what   i   was   needing .   girlfriend   has   now   purchased   3   of   these .   the   turbo   option   is   great   and   we   will   continue   to   get   the   same   model
happy   wife ,   happy   life   my   girl   only   wanted   this   hair   dryer   to   replace   the   same   one   that   just   died .   found   it   here   on   amazon   far   cheaper   than   anywhere   else   and   with   amazon   prime   it   was   delivered   to   my   doorstep   in   2   days .   great   price   and   my   girl   loves   it   she   says   it   dries   her   thick   hair   fast   and   doesn   t   dry   her   hair   out   in   the   process   ,   so   that   s   it .   highly   recommend !
great   buy !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   asked   my   hairdresser   how   he   achieved   such   silkiness   and   shine   in   my   hair ,   when   i ,   using   the   same   products   at   home ,   couldn   t .   he   told   me   the   blow   dryer   is   the   key .   he   told   me   to   buy   from   amazon   for   best   price ,   and   to   make   sure   i   chose   the   featherweight   t3   by   bespoke   labs .   it   is   delicate   i   keep   it   in   the   box   and   put   it   away   as   soon   as   i   m   done ,   which   is   10   12   minutes .   if   it   is   dropped ,   the   tourmaline   technology   can   be   damaged   and   will   not   work .   it   is   definitely   worth   the   extra   care   it   requires   it   dries   my   hair   fast   and   leaves   it   shiny ,   sealed   and   beautiful !
what   i   was   looking   for !   does   not   dry   out   my   thick ,   coarse   hair .   hair   is   softer ,   more   manageable ,   and   more   conditioned   compared   to   a   standard   hair   dryer .   highly   recommended !
discovered   this   in   vegas   and   it   s   a   must   have !   living   in   the   south ,   humidity   takes   it   s   toll   on   my   hair   so   i   was   excited   to   visit   vegas   where   i   d   heard   there   s   34   no   humidity .   34   i   planned   to   use   the   hotel   s   hair   dryer   mgm   to   lighten   the   packing .   the   hair   dryers   they   equip   the   rooms   with   were   amazing   and   i   kept   telling   my   husband   how   much   i   loved   it   and   how   quick   it   dried   my   hair ! !   i   wanted   to   take   it   home   but   he   wouldn   t   let   me !   ha   he   told   me   it   was   probably   just   the   dry   air   there   and   didn   t   understand   my   excitement   over   this   hair   dryer .   long   story   short ,   i   got   on   amazon   as   soon   as   we   got   home   and   ordered   it .   i   am   in   love !   this   hair   dryer   cuts   your   drying   time   in   half   and   leaves   hair   shiny   and   smooth   and   trust   me ,   i   have   frizzy ,   wavy   hair !   i   still   use   the   flat   iron   of   course   to   finish   off   the   job   but   this   hair   dryer   has   been   a   life   saver ! !   highly   recommend ! !
i   m   in   love ! ! ! !   well ,   i   had   a   turbo   1500   for   a   long   time   until   it   died .   then   i   made   my   research   and   found   this   new   and   powerful   version   of   twin   turbo   3500 .   so ,   i   wanted   ti   invest   in   something   good .   i   do   my   own   hair   at   home ,   and   my   hair   is   curly .   i   finished   to   dry   my   hair   so   fast .   i   just   love   this   twin   turbo   3500   and   it   worth   the   .
love   it ! ! !   i   have   thin   hair   and   this   dryer   did   an   awesome   job   w   giving   me   lots   of   volumn .   i   m   happy   to   have   given   it   a   try .   keeper .
and   there   she   blows !   got   this   hairdryer   a   few   days   ago .   i   had   to   go   with   a   lower   watt   dryer   otherwise   i   d   be   flipping   breakers   every   5   minutes .   it   s   very   pretty .   i   dig   the   red .   it   took   a   couple   days   to   get   used   to   holding   it   as   it   s   a   bit   bulky .   but   to   be   fair   my   other   one   had   a   shorter   nozzel   and   was   lighter .   the   placement   of   the   setting   switches   is   not   optimal .   i   can   t   easily   switch   from   low   to   high   and   back   to   low   without   looking   at   what   i   m   doing .   and   the   hot   setting   is   not   very   hot .   which ,   i   guess ,   my   hair   is   thankful   for .   but   boy   does   she   have   great   blowing   power !   it   s   like   being   in   a   wind   tunnel .   my   hair   dries   in   half   the   time   now   which   is   great !   i   have   used   both   attachments   that   came   along   with   it   too .   i   was   afraid   due   to   the   force   of   the   blowing   it   would   blow   those   little   gadgets   right   off   and   smack   me   upside   the   head   but   they   stayed   put .   the   blow   dryer   is   a   little   louder   than   i   am   used   to   but   not   a   big   deal .   br   br   overall ,   i   am   pleased   with   the   product .   i   can   overcome   the   negatives .   hope   it   lasts !   br   br   br   br   review   edited   sept   2013   and   there   she   blows ... out !   the   heating   element   died   already .   i   am   very   disappointed   this   hairdryer   did   not   last   as   long   as   i   expected   it   to .   i   understand .... you   get   what   you   pay   for .... but   it   should   have   been   longer   than   this .   and   i   do   not   have   long   thick   hair   to   where   i   am   using   and   abusing   the   hairdryer .   my   hair   is   medium   length   and   fine .   it   didn   t   have   to   work   that   hard !   i   m   disappointed   today   and   back   on   amazon   to   shop   for   yet   another   hairdryer .
great   little   dryer   enjoyed   this   dryer   for   many   cruises   and   wanted   my   own ,   have   not   been   disappointed ! !   powerful   and   tiny ,   delivers   as   promised
good   replacement   to   my   old   vidal   sasson   hair   dryer   perhaps   i   am   a   creature   of   habit ,   but   when   i   dropped   my   old   vidal   sassoon   hair   dryer   for   probably   the   500th   time   and   broke   the   back   cage   off ,   i   just   wanted   to   replace   it   with   the   same   exact   model .   unfortunatley ,   since   i   had   that   thing   for   7   8   years ,   they   don   t   appear   to   make   the   exact   same   model ,   but   this   one   comes   pretty   close .   br   br   what   i   like   br   comfortable   to   hold   the   proportion   and   shape   of   the   the   handle   are   excellent   br   lightweight   so   your   arm   won   t   get   tired   holding   it   br   3   heat   settings   and   the   34   very   hot   34   is   actually   hot   enough   br   price   under   20 !   br   color   my   old   one   was   grey ,   but   this   red   is   kinda   sassy !   br   br   what   disappointed   me   br   speed   the   highest   speed   is   adequate ,   but   it   s   not   as   fast   as   my   old   vidal   sasson   hair   dryer   rip ,   old   friend   br   br   overall ,   i   recommend   this   to   anyone   who   needs   a   basic   hair   dryer   for   not   a   lot   of   money ,   and   if   past   experience   can   be   repeated ,   this   thing   could   last   you   a   good   half   decade   or   more ,   depending   on   how   often   you   knock   yours   off   the   bathroom   counter .
great   product   this   is   the   second   of   this   product   that   i   have   owned .   the   first   lasted   over   six   years   but   unfortunately   quit   working   so   i   ordered   another   just   like   it .   works   great .   i   don   t   have   to   go   hunting   for   the   hair   dryer   and   plugging   it   in   and   putting   it   away   every   day .   i   highly   recommend   it .
looked   everywhere   i   looked   everywhere   for   a   dryer   to   meet   my   needs .   this   one   is   just   exactily   what   i   needed   and   wanted .
good   purchase   my   wife   is   happy   with   it ,   that   s   all   i   needed !   seems   to   work   fine ,   and   i   noticed   it   s   not   as   loud   and   annoying   as   some   other   one   s   my   wife   had   before !
very   poor   bought   this   for   my   mother .   bonnet   was   very   cheaply   made   and   hard   to   connect .   wouldn   t   recommend   for   anyone .   finally   had   to   buy   a   hard   bonnet   type .
great   blow   dryer   this   is   the   seocnd   one   of   these   i   have   owned   and   the   first   lasted   over   10   years .   gret   product ,   glad   i   could   find   it   again   on   amazon .   br   the   mutipe   temperature   settings   make   it   a   dream   to   have .   love   it ! ! !
works   as   advertised   it   is   a   simple   hair   dryer   that   i   think   works   well ,   especially   for   the   price .   the   only   gripe   i   have   is   that   the   cord   is   on   the   short   end ,   other   than   that   i   am   happy   with   it ...
dries   fast ,   vibrates   in   your   hand   the   one   major   downside   to   this   drier   is   that   it   vibrates   in   my   hand   which   i   don   t   like .   it   does   dry   my   hair   very   fast   and   the   cord   keeper   works   perfectly .
it   is   okay   i   like   it   but   the   blow   dryer   takes   a   great   deal   longer   to   dry   my   hair   and   i   am   unable   to   adjust   the   setting   so   it   is   on   the   lowest   setting   making   ti   take   forever   to   dry   my   hair   ..
great   hairdryer   this   hair   dyer   works   great   and   i   have   seen   it   for   more   money   at   local   stores .   i   highly   recommend   it !
dont   even   waste   your   money !   i   thought   this   dryer   would   be   perfect   compact ,   not   clunky ,   and   easy   to   travel   with .   that   s   really   the   only   thing   this   dryer   is   good   for ,   to   travel   with .   all   the   main   functions ,   useless . when   i   had   the   bonnet   on ,   dare   i   move   an   inch   and   that   hose   would   fly   right   off !   and   the   highest   heat   settings   was   not   hot   at   all .   i   painfully   sat   there   with   the   bonnet   on   and   putting   the   hose   back   on   about   a   million   times ,   to   only   come   out   with   30   dry   hair   after   30   minutes   worth   of   sitting .   this   product   was   cheaply   made   and   without   any   thought   put   into   it .   i   will   be   returning ..
bought   for   gf ... she   likes   it .   one   of   those ... saw   one   just   like   it   in   a   motel   while   on   vaca   with   my   gf   a   few   years   back ... i   thought   more   of   it   than   she   did   primarily   because   the   more   things   kept   off   her   bathroom   counter ,   the   better   .   br   that   s   what   she   thought ,   too   that   i   bought   this   as   a   message   ... which   is   why   she   s   used   it   maybe   three   times   in   four   years   since   i   installed   it   there   for   her .   br   it   s   a   great   hair   dryer   i   let   mine   air   dry   my   hair   looks   more   like   michael   bolton   s   or   fabio   s   that   way   .   br   this   little   dryer   still   works   great   i   guess ,   i   turn   it   on   every   once   in   awhile   to   check   .   br   yay ,   relationship   issues !
twinturbo   3500   professional   hair   dryer   i   purchased   thi   dryer   from   amazon   based   on   reviews .   my   wife   loves   it .   it   is   light   and   powerful .   a   real   professional   hair   dryer .   subsequently   i   purchased   on   for   my   daughter ,   who   also   said   she   has   never   had   one   even   close   to   this .   she   said   iit   makes   her   hair   as   when   she   goes   to   the   beauty   parlor .   i   plan   to   purchase   one   for   my   other   two   daughters .   a   superior   product .
fantastic   dryer ,   great   customer   service ! !   quality   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   used .   hands   down .   my   favorite   feature   is   that   it   doesn   t   produce   a   ton   of   noise   like   the   t3   i   previously   had ,   and   if   you   have   a   sleeping   baby   in   the   next   room   you   ll   really   appreciate   the   low   noise   it   makes .   the   performance   is   perfect   and   the   temperature   and   fan   speed   are   fully   adjustable .   i   set   mine   on   negative   ion ,   which   helps   my   hair   look   great   before   work   and   after   the   gym .   my   wife   and   i   share   it   and   she   s   as   satisfied   with   the   quality   as   i   am .   br   br   price   for   the   price ,   you   can   t   beat   this   dryer .   i   paid   over   200   for   a   t3   and   the   onei   feels ,   looks ,   and   sounds   like   a   better   product .   the   performance   of   both   are   good ,   but   the   onei   has   more   adjustment   options ,   so   i   have   to   rate   it   higher .   br   br   shipping   i   came   back   from   a   two   day   business   trip   and   it   was   waiting   for   me ,   even   though   i   didn   t   expect   it   for   a   week   or   so .   of   course   the   wife   got   to   it   first   br   br   customer   service   the   seller   sent   me   a   nice   email   to   make   sure   i   was   satisfied   with   the   quality   and   shipping   speed .   i   couldn   t   ask   for   better   customer   service .   br   br   overall   highly   recommended ,   both   dyer   and   seller .   thank   you !
great   unit   this   was   a   great   purchase .   the   unit   is   relatively   quiet ,   simple   and   works   better   than   expected .   it   is   so   convenient   to   use   every   day .   the   night   light   is   a   small   but   appreciated   bonus !
great   little   hairdryer !   i   have   very   dry   hair   and   this   little   hairdryer   works   so   quickly ,   i   can   already   see   an   improvement .   my   hair   is   less   frizzy   and   much   softer   and   shinier .
proversa   wall   mount   hair   dryer   yes ,   i   love   it .   it   is   so   easy   to   use   and   the   force   of   the   hot   air   dries   my   hair   very   fast .
great   hair   dryer   lots   of   blow ,   lots   of   heat ,   and   it   is   a   light   weight !   i   have   a   bad   shoulder   and   this   thing   is   easy   to   use .   we   even   bought   a   second   one .
amazing   best   hair   dryer ,   definitely   worth   the   money !   gets   super   hot ,   fast ,   making   it   so   much   easier   to   blow   dry   my   hair   since   usually   itll   take   an   hour   to   dry   but   only   takes   about   15   minutes   with   this   one !
grandma   s   new   dryer   this   is   an   updated   version   of   my   previous   dryer .   being   a   senior   with   less   arm   and   shoulder   strength   i   love   the   lightness ...   i   found   it   easier   to   handle   because   it   has   a   shorter   snout ... but ,   it   s   almost   too   powerful   for   my   new   short   hair .   recently   had   to   change   to   a   shorter   style   and   a   soft   perm   because   of   some   shoulder   impending   surgery .   now ,   wish   it   included   a   diffuser .   before   surgery ,   i   used   a   curling   brush   and   dryer   for   styling .   can   t   wait   to   heal   and   get   back   to   pre   perm   and   curling   brush   then   i   ll   really   be   able   to   use   the   power   of   this   new   dryer .   br   br   update   five   months   later .   shoulder   has   healed .   perm   is   history !   using   just   curling   brush   and   dryer ,   i   have   no   problems   holding   this   dryer   over   and   behind   my   head .   the   dryer   is   easy   to   handle ,   its   well   balanced ,   but   quite   a   strong   blow   for   short   hair ... and   its   pretty   loud !   wish   it   had   another   setting   for   less   power .   br   br   i   like   it   well   enough   that   i   purchased   another ,   at   costco ,   just   like   it   to   have   as   a   spare .
great   upgrade   i   recently   upgraded   my   old   dryer   of   8   years .   br   1 .   this   was   slightly   heavier   than   i   expected ,   only   because   my   old   one   was   super   light   weight .   however ,   the   weight   is   not   noticeable   other   than   that .   the   material   of   the   dryer   is   pleasant   to   hold .   br   2 .   cute   design   with   two   optional   add   ons   is   a   plus .   br   3 .   dries   quickly !   i   can   fully   dry   my   thick   shoulder   length   hair   in   3   4   minutes .   br   4 .   much   quieter   than   my   old   dryer .   br   5 .   the   only   con ,   is   that   the   buttons   sometimes   can   be   pushed   when   drying   the   hair   because   of   the   way   they   are   positioned   on   the   handle .   so ,   if   you   do   not   have   a   mindful   touch   while   blow   drying ,   you   may   accidentally   switch   from   high   output   to   low   output .
the   best   hair   dryer   ever !   i   have   thick   and   very   long   hair ,   and   i   have   used   so   many   different   hair   dryers   in   my   life .   but ,   none   of   the   past   hair   dryers   compare   to   this   wonderful   and   efficient   hair   dryer .   now ,   i   can   blow   dry   my   hair   in   half   the   time   than   before   i   had   this   hair   dryer .   i   hope   this   hair   dryer   is   never   discontinued !
worth   the   money   this   product   is   very   very   good .   i   purchased   it   after   seeing   my   roommates   use   this   one .   it   is   completely   worth   the   money   and   it   gives   a   nice   blow   dry   leaving   your   hair   feel   awesome .
best   hair   dryer   ever   we   are   very   picky   about   hair   dryers   and   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   we   have   ever   had .   it   has   a   long   cord   and   lots   of   settings   that   actually   differ   which   makes   it   easy   to   dry   hair   for   kids   as   well   as   adults .   i   have   recommended   this   hair   dryer   to   friends .
oster   professional   76932   710   wall   mount   hair   dryer   satisified   with   this   unit ,   it   works   well .   if   needed   we   would   probably   order   another   or   one   similar   to   it   in   the   future .   br   br   thanks ,   br   jackie   wyrick
not   like   the   older   one   i   had   i   thought   this   would   be   a   bit   smaller   and   had   a   retractable   cable .   in   the   end ,   it   s   still   a   good   product .
cheap   it   broke   on   me   on   the   second   use ... looks   and   feels   cheap .   i   rather   pay   more   for   a   higher   quality   product .
gift   wife   wanted   a   professional   quality   hair   dryer .   has   been   using   for   over   2   years   and   still   going   strong .   well   worth   the   money .
works   well   but ...   i   like   this   hairdryer   and   it   works   well ,   but   i   should   have   paid   attention   to   one   of   the   reviews   that   said   the   control   switch   is   in   a   bd   place .   the   switch   slides   on   the   handle ,   right   where   my   hand   is   holding   the   hairdryer   and   it   does   get   moved   around   or   turned   off   while   i   m   trying   to   dry   my   hair .   if   i   had   to   choose   all   over   again ,   i   would   probably   buy   a   different   one   whose   switch   is   in   a   different   location .
i   hate   it   i   wish   i   saved   the   box   for   this   dryer   so   i   can   return   this   dryer .   it   is   so   heavy   and   very   difficult   to   hold   when   trying   to   dry   my   hair .   also   i   don   t   think   it   has   the   ionic   drying   it   claims   to   have .
my   favorite   blow   dryer   love   it ,   this   is   my   third   one .   great   speed   light   weight .   only   wish   they   lasted   longer .   but   for   the   price   you   can   t   go   wrong
great   little   hair   dryer   !   i   recomend   this   hair   dryer ,   it   s   small   and   works   well ,   the   heat   settings   work   well   for   fast   drying   and   styling .   it   s   small   enough   to   go   with   you   on   trips ,   or   use   at   the   house   without   taking   up   much   room .   get   one   !
love   it   in   every   way   i   chose   this   dryer   based   on   product   description   and   customer   reviews .   it   performs   well   and   is   lightweight .   i   highly   recommend !
good   go   o   oo   oo   oo   oo   ooo   o   ooooo   oo   oo   ooo   ooo   oo   oo   oo   oooo   ooooo   ooooooooooo   oooooood
not   very   powerful ,   buttons   too   small   i   thought   this   was   a   more   powerful   dryer ... my   bad .   i   m   going   to   keep   it   since   i   like   the   color   lol   and   it   dries   well   with   a   high   and   low   setting   and   2   speeds ,   and   has   concentrator   and   attachment   for   curls .   both   attachments   are   very   tough   to   take   off ... i   m   so   afraid   i   ll   break   one   of   them .... they   need   a   better   system   to   get   them   on   and   off .   the   dryer   is   only   1275   watts ,   not   exactly   powerful .   and ,   very   important ,   the   buttons   for   high   low   off   and   heat   settings   are   very   small ,   and   placed   badly .   i   keep   accidentally   turning   off   the   blower !
okay   it   s   a   bit   heavy   and   smells   faintly   of   burning   something ,   but   overall   it   s   fine .   it   s   not   so   bad   that   i   want   to   return   it .   i   just   wish   it   were   lighter ,   i   guess !
okay   i   don   t   blow   bry   my   hair   often   but   i   have   to   say   this   dryer   doesn   t   get   very   hot .   i   have   curly   hair   so   i   have   been   doing   the   air   dry   thing   for   a   long   time   until   someone   showed   me   how   to   use   the   curly   hair   thingy ,   you   know   the   big   circle   thing   with   fingers   .   so   i   thought   this   dryer   would   do   the   trick .   i   think   it   does   the   job , but   considering   i   have   had   not   even   a   year   yet ,   i   wouldn   t   recommend   it .
red   dryer   love   love   this   dryer . love   that   its   red ,   not   happy   with   the   concentrater   it   did   not   fit   on   the   end .   had   to   use   an   old   one   i   had .   but   the   andis   dryer   i   had   before   is   on   its   fourth   year .   i   am   a   hair   dresser   so   i   use   it   a   lot !   the   only   reason   i   brought   it   home   was   because   the   vent   on   the   front   broke .   so   i   can   t   use   it   on   clients   any   more .   i   am   sure   i   will   enjoy   this   one   if   not   i   am   sure   u   will   hear   about   it
great   product !   this   dryer   allows   me   to   move   around   while   my   hair   is   drying ,   have   conversation   and   watch   my   favorit   television   programs .   br   br   you   have   to   be   sure   that   you   snap   the   bonnet   seal   to   the   tube   so   that   it   locks   before   putting   it   on .   you   may   have   to   practice   a   few   times   to   know   how   to   lock   it .   br   br   great   product !
poof   what   volume !   this   is   an   awesome   hair   dryer   in   fact ,   the   best   one   i   ve   ever   used   to   give   my   hair   volume .   i   m   middle   aged   with   fine   and   thinning   hair .   a   couple   friends   commented   that   they   thought   my   hair   was   getting   thicker   once   i   started   using   the   dryer   i   wish   it   were !   .   however ,   those   comments   are   directly   related   to   how   well   this   dryer   works .   i   ve   been   using   the   2   34   wide   attachment   so   that   it   really   dries   the   roots ,   which   adds   volume   and   lift .   br   br   this   would   have   had   a   5   star   rating ,   but   as   others   have   said ,   the   buttons   are   in   an   awkward   place .   i   m   constantly   accidently   turning   the   dryer   off   or   the   temp   to   another   setting .   and ,   yes ,   it   isa   bit   heavier   than   the   standard   dryers ,   but   not   much .   it   feels   sturdy   and   like   it   will   hold   up   over   time .   br   br   definitely   recommend   this   dryer !
good   for   what   its   deseigned   to   do   its   a   hair   dryer   whats   to   say .   my   wife   wanted   a   hang   up   dryer   and   this   one   works   well   so   far .   br   only   downside   is   the   night   light .   its   a   good   idea   but   is   a   little   too   bright   and   there   is   no   way   to   dim   it .   overall   a   good   buy
great   little   hair   dryer   compact   size   perfect   for   traveling   and   powerful   enough   to   do   its   job .   i   am   very   pleased   with   it   and   the   price   is   very   reasonable .
strange !   the   dryer   has   a   very   powerful   motor ,   i   ll   give   it   that .   unlike   some   other   reviewers ,   i   found   that   the   hot   setting   was   more   like   a   warm .   most   significantly ,   though ,   it   left   my   hair   oily   er   than   usual !   it   basically   left   it   limp .   i   m   confused   as   to   the   reason   for   this ,   but   i   m   sending   it   back ,   regardless .   br   despite   hating   the   condition   it   left   my   hair   in ,   it   did   dry   it   relatively   fast .  
great   for   small   bathrooms   and   travelling .   i   purchased   this   mini   hairdryer   because   i   travel   a   lot ,   and   because   i   have   a   small   bathroom   and   i   don   t   like   taking   up   a   lot   of   precious   counter   space .   plus ,   is   it   just   me ,   or   have   regular   sized   hair   dryers   doubled   in   size   over   the   past   few   years   they   re   huge   and   over   sized ,   in   my   opinion .   i   saw   that   this   came   with   a   travel   bag   zebra   striped   as   well   as   a   diffuser   and   concentrator   attachment .   for   the   price   around   15   ,   i   thought   this   was   a   great   deal .   i   was   expecting   to   be   let   down   by   this   little   hair   dryer ,   but   i   was   pleasantly   surprised   with   it !   it   works   great ,   and   i   haven   t   had   any   problems   with   it .   the   only   thing   that   would   make   this   better   would   be   if   they   could   include   a   cool   setting ,   but   for   the   price   i   paid ,   i   m   not   complaining .   br   br   if   you   travel   a   lot   or   if   you   just   don   t   want   a   huge   hairdryer ,   this   is   a   great   hairdryer .
rosa   very   good .   we   recommend   it   for   multiples   use   for   home   and   traveling   when   the   the   hotels   do   not   have   dryer .
nice   and   powerful   especially   for   its   size   a   great   little   travel   hair   dryer ,   very   light   yet   powerful .   works   even   better   than   my   full   sized   one .   i   use   it   at   home   too .
great   product .   i   ve   been   through   three   hair   dryers   in   the   past   year .   one   of   them   broke   after   a   short   fall   from   my   hand   to   the   bathroom   counter   seriously   ,   the   second   one   always   got   too   hot   and   stunk   up   my   bathroom ,   even   on   the   lowest   hear   setting   grrrr ...   and   then   there   was   the   onei .   br   br   the   onei   is   just   perfect !   i   really   like   that   is   has   an   ion   activation   switch   in   the   handle .   when   you   turn   on   the   dryer ,   you   can   hear   it   speed   and   warm   up   there   isn   t   that   sudden   blast   of   metal   smelling   heat   like   the   cheaper   dryers   i   ve   owned .   i   definitely   recommend   the   onei   to   anyone   who   wants   a   quality   dryer .
super   quiet   and   lightweight !   i   m   a   hairstylist .   this   dryer   fit   me   like   a   glove .   love   it .   concentrator   attachment   is   nice   and   wide ,   and   the   dryer   is   really   quiet ,   not   heavy   at   all .   highly   recommend .
nice   it   was   one   of   the   cheaper   hair   dryers   but   it   worked   as   agreed   br   it   is   exactly   what   i   expected   and   it   came   fast
outer   coating   flakes   off   this   dryer   works   well ,   but   the   outer   soft   touch   clear   layer   started   to   peel   off   after   only   about   4   weeks   after   purchasing   it .   it   s   a   shame   since   it   looked   so   nice   when   it   arrived   and   now   it   looks   beat   up   and   as   if   i   ve   owned   if   for   five   years .   i   ve   had   other   similar   models   by   conair   in   the   past ,   but   none   ever   did   this .
not   what   i   expected   to   large   than   was   pictured . after   i   ordered   this   one   i   found   a   smaller   one   , the   124   ar   vagabond   and   it   meets   what   i   needed
my   hair   turns   beautiful   every   time   i   use   this   to   dry   my   hair   most   of   the   time   i   let   it   dry   naturally ,   but   i   use   a   hair   dryer   occassionally   i   receive   compliments   on   my   hair !   get   it !
love   it   sorta   love   the   wall   mount .   turns   out   it   wasn   t   all   that   easy   to   mount ,   especially   if   you   are   patience   impaired .   four   months   later   it   over   heats   and   shuts   off .   i   do   have   long   almost   hip   length   and   thick .   it   generally   takes   30   45   min   to   dry   my   hair .   i   can   t   blame   the   hair   dryer   for   over   heating .   it   usually   takes   3   4   minutes   to   cool   down   and   finish   the   job .   i   don   t   like   that   it   only   has   1   heat   setting .   a   34   cool   34   air   setting   would   be   great !   especially   when   it   is   already   hot   and   humid .   the   night   light   is   very   bright ,   not   a   bad   thing ,   but   it   could   be   turned   down   just   a   tad .   i   think   i   ll   do   more   research   before   i   buy   another   one .   but   i   definitely   do   love   the   wall   mount .
not   as   powerful   as   i   hoped   not   as   strong   as   i   hoped ,   not   as   compact   as   i   thought   it   would   be   but   it   s   better   than   my   old   one   which   was   a   lot   more   powerful   in   it   s   better   days   until   it   went   bad .
this   was   a   x   mas   gift   i   really   can   t   rate   this   one ,   because   it   was   a   x   mas   gift ,   but   my   sister   asked   for   it   and   she   had   had   one   just   like   it   and   she   asked   for   another   one ,   so   i   guess   she   loves   it .
felicitaciones   excelente   todo   me   llego   en   tiempo   y   condiciones   esperadas   extraordinario   servicio   sigan   asi   honestidad ,   responsabilidad   y   buen   servicio   lo   mejor   de   lo   mejor
can   t   complain   worked   like   a   charm .   a   great   buy   for   a   simple ,   no   frills   blow   dryer .   i   have   no   real   complaints .   i   mean ,   it   does   exactly   what   i   would   expect   a   blow   dryer   to   do ,   so ...
bought   as   a   replacement   for   an   older   model   1600 .   this   dryer   is   very   nice ,   and   my   wife   is   completely   satisfied .   on   the   other   hand ,   i   liked   the   older   one   better   because   it   was   more   forceful   and   the   cord   was   longer .   we   didn   t   have   to   dim   the   light   on   the   old   one ,   but   this   one   is   very   bright   and   i   had   to   tape   something   over   it   to   tone   it   down .   i   used   a   piece   of   thick   paper   that   i   cut   to   exactly   cover   the   light   and   it   is   ok   now .   br   it   s   a   very   nice   product   and   i   think   that   we   would   order   it   again .
easy   to   hold !   love   it .   the   controls   are   easy   to   use   but   do   not   get   in   your   way .   it   runs   much   quieter   than   other   hair   dryers   i   ve   used .
it   was   really   cheap   and ... it   will   dry   your   hair !   i   bought   this   because   it   was   cheap   and   i   needed   a   hair   dryer .   it   works   really   well   and   i   will   probably   buy   a   back   up   since   i   expect   it   will   go   belly   up   before   too   long .   it   it   only   last   another   6   months ,   i   ll   consider   it   money   very   well   spent .
hairdryer   needs   to   be   made   to   last   longer   i   love   this   hair   dryer ,   however   it   doesn   t   last ...   i   have   had   to   replace   it   three   times   in   five   years .
does   not   frizz   my   hair   dresser   recommended   this   dryer .   she   said   it   would   reduce   frizzies .   it   has   and   i   am   pleased .   i   like   the   way   it   folds   up   for   traveling .   i   will   get   great   use   of   it .
easy   usage   and   accessibility   this   is   perfect   to   keep   your   bathroom   working   area   free   for   other   things , good   power ,   no   more   storage   problems ! !   purchased   another   one   for   guest   bathroom ....
great   for   blowing   curly   hair   straight !   i   have   a   coworker   who   whenever   she   comes   in   with   blown   straight   hair ,   it   looks   like   she   got   it   professionally   done .   i   was   looking   to   upgrade   my   blow   dryer ,   and   this   was   her   recommendation .   br   br   at   first   i   was   skeptical   because   it   s   kind   of   expensive ,   but   then   i   bit   the   bullet   and   got   it .   i   love   it .   br   br   i   have   very   curly ,   fine   hair ,   and   a   lot   of   it ,   prone   to   frizz .   it   used   to   take   me   close   to   an   hour   and   a   half   to   blow   dry   my   hair ,   then   smooth   over   it   with   a   flat   iron .   br   br   this   blower   dryer   cuts   my   total   hair   doing   time   in   half !   and   i   just   touch   up   with   a   straightener   on   low   heat   around   my   face ,   the   top   back   of   my   head   .   i   use   one   of   the   concentrator   attachments   that   comes   with   it   i   believe   the   middle   one   .   br   br   also ,   i   didn   t   touch   up   with   a   straightener   for   a   few   days ,   and   my   blow   out   really   lasted !   br   br   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   to   anyone   with   hard   to   manage   hair   who   wants   a   sleek   and   bouncy   blow   out .
works   great   so   far   i   like   this   product .   it   dries   my   hair   fast .   the   only   reason   i   gave   it   4   stars   is   because   i   have   only   had   it   for   a   month .   we   will   see   how   long   it   lasts .
bought   as   a   gift   bought   this   for   my   mom   after   i   used   her   old   one   and   decided   it   sucked   big   time .   she   said   she   likes   it   and   uses   it   everyday .   i   have   yet   to   use   it   but   she   was   happy !
quality   dryer   great   product ,   have   had   it   for   about   a   month   now .   seems   well   made ,   love   the   soft   coating ,   plenty   of   power ,   cool   touch   button   works   well .   only   one   slight   negative ...   the   placement   of   the   temp .   switch   is   right   where   my   fingers   fall   on   the   handle   and   i   always   turn   it   to   medium   instead   of   hot   heat ,   but   a   minor   consideration   overall .   got   this   with   an   on   line   coupon   which   made   it   an   even   better   value !
great   i   love   it .   works   very   well   and   plenty   of   air   velocity   to   dry   anyones   hair .   highly   recomended   for   anyone   whio   needs   a   good   hair   dryer .
good   hair   dryer   does   make   noise   it   s   noisy .   i   knew   when   i   bought   it   that   it   wasn   t   silent .   br   br   it   works   great   warms   up   fast   and   the   attachment   it   comes   with   helps   me   direct   the   air ,   so   i   m   not   putting   air   where   i   don   t   want   it   and   making   my   hair   poofy .   i   like   that   it   has   separate   switches   for   temp   and   how   fast   the   air   is   coming   out .   the   controls   are   side   by   side   on   the   handle .   on   the   handle   there   is   the   option   for   warm   and   hot ,   and   the   one   next   to   it   has   low   and   high .   there   is   a   cool   button   on   the   back   up   by   the   mesh   when   pressing   this ,   it   takes   about   2   seconds   for   it   to   blow   cool   and   on   the   side   of   the   barrel   there   is   the   option   for   turbo   on   and   turbo   off   this   gives   4   speeds   of   air   flow .   br   br   just   make   sure   the   handle   is   all   the   way   up ,   otherwise   it   will   start   to   fold   down   on   you .   it   does   sort   of   catch   in   two   places ,   so   it   won   t   close   on   your   hand   there   is   also   an   inch   and   a   half   two   inch   gap ,   so   it   s   impossible   to   hurt   your   hand .   i   use   it   on   my   hair   and   also   on   beeswax   sheets   for   rolling   candles .   works   really   well  
my   mother   likes   is   my   90   year   old   mother   likes   it   the   dryer   for   she   doesn   t   have   to   hold   it   like   she   had   to   do   with   a   hand   dryer   and   it   dries   her   hair   quickly   on   the   medium   setting .   i   gave   it   a   4   star   for   it   is   difficult   for   her   to   get   it   back   in   the   case   and   sometimes   the   hose   slips   off   of   the   bonnet .
works   good   works   good   aa   bb   cc   dd   ee   ff   gg   hh   ii   jj   kk   ll   mm   nn   oo   pp   qq   rr
great   hairdryer   i   bought   one   of   these   for   traveling   and   my   stepmom   was   visiting   and   she   used   it   and   loved   it   so   much   she   wanted   one   for   herself   so   i   ordered   her   one   as   well !   she   loves   the   power   and   it   s   lightweight .
going   on   a   year ... love   it   it   s   been   almost   a   year   since   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   and   i   love   it .   i   love   the   retractable   cord   and   the   different   heat   settings ,   as   opposed   to   just   having   low   and   high   options .   works   great !
great   purchase !   i   got   tired   of   paying   50   per   week   to   get   my   hair   washed ,   so   i   decided   to   do   it   myself   and   purchase   a   dryer .   of   course , this   dryer   is   not   going   to   have   the   same   power   as   the   one   at   the   salon ,   but   it   does   the   job .   the   only   thing   i   didn   t   like   was   the   wheels   were   so   hard   to   place   into   the   unit .   i   had   to   get   someone   to   help   me   hammer   the   wheels   in   because   the   holes   were   too   small .
worked   as   expected   compact   and   light ,   but   powerful   for   a   travel   hair   dryer .   we   unplugged   the   hotel   dryer   and   used   this   one   because   it   worked   better
cord   didn   t   retract   i   returned   this   hair   dryer   because ,   from   the   very   beginning ,   the   cord   didn   t   retract .   and ,   as   some   reviewers   noted ,   it   did   seem   surprisingly   heavy   for   a   travel   hair   dryer .
bad   quality   i   liked   the   dryer ... while   it   worked .   out   of   nowhere ,   it   would   not   blow   hot   air   if   it   is   on   high .   customer   service   told   me   i   have   to   mail   it   back   to   them   and   pay   for   shipping   the   new   one   cost   less   than   the   shipping   costs !   that   is   if   i   wanted   to   waste   more   of   my   money   and   get   another   cheap   dryer   that   would   not   last   even   a   year !   so   dissapointing
hair   dryer   i   like   this   hair   dryer .   i   just   needed   one   quickly   so   i   didn   t   really   check   it   out .   i   just   grabbed   it   and   ran .   it   dries   very   well   without   burning   your   head   off   and   that   is   an   important   thing .   i   don   t   want   my   hair   burnt   but   i   don   t   want   to   take   a   long   time   either .   this   one   does   both   those   things .   i   highly   recommend   it .   i   think   you   ll   like   it   too .
you   pay   what   it   s   worth .   this   is   worth   the   money   you   pay   for   it .   i   have   ethnic   hair   and   i   use   pretty   big   hair   rollers .   fitting   them   in   is   a   little   bit   difficult   and   it   takes   me   a   really   long   time   to   get   dry   because   of   this   reason .   besides   that ,   i   have   had   no   problems   with   mine   so   far .   however   i   tried   my   mother   s   new   bonnet   hair   dryer   different   brand   ,   which   cost   her   40   dollars   and   it   s   totally   worth   the   10   20   extra   dollars .   i   get   dried   so   much   faster   too !
hair   dryer   nice   unit   but   not   enough   room   to   store   everything   in   side   compartment .   you   can   put   items   in ,   but   unit   will   not   close
janeth   guzman   es   un   regalo   para   mi   gorda   bella   la   mas   bella   que   dios   me   ha   regalado   en   esta   vida   la   amo
it   works   like   a   charm   for   4   months   then   suddenly   stops   working   i   fell   in   love   with   this   hair   dryer   in   a   marriott   hotel ,   and   took   a   picture   and   found   this   exact   model   at   amazon .   it   works   like   a   charm   for   the   past   4   months .   very   good   heat ,   low   noise   my   5   years   daughter   hates   hair   dryer   with   loud   noise   but   she   likes   this   one   .   but   it   suddenly   broke   last   week .   i   had   to   run   to   a   shop   to   get   a   hair   dryer .   br   br   but   would   i   buy   it   again ,   may   be .   since   it   is   so   cheap ,   the   price   of   one   of   my   lunch .   i   may   bought   two ,   in   case   one   breaks .   this   is   just   me .
excelente   el   articulo   llego   en   perfecto   estado   y   exactamente   como   lo   describi   el   vendedor .   br   cumplieron   con   hacer   el   envio   rapido   y   seguro .   br   br   los   califico   excelente
best   hair   dryer .   ever .   oh   the   power .   oh   the   fast   dry .   oh   the   beauty   of   my   hair   when   it   is   dry   after   5   minutes ! ! !   i   have   extremely   thick   hair ,   and   it   typically   takes   12   15   minutes   to   dry   completely   using   a   hair   dryer .   my   hair   was   dry   and   not   frizzy   after   5   minutes !   what   ! !   this   dryer   is   very   powerful ,   and   high   heat   setting   is   enough   to   dry   the   hair   but   not   make   it   smoking   hot .   there   is   a   reason   this   is   rated   as   amazon   s   1   best   selling   hair   dryer .
works   well   the   hairdryer   is   not   overly   powerful   but   i   have   long ,   thin   hair   so   it   does   the   trick .   i   wish   the   cord   was   a   little   longer   but   i   m   sure   it   will   relax   over   time .   i   agree   with   other   reviewers   that   the   night   light   is   a   little   too   bright .   i   just   unplug   it   at   night   and   since   i   installed   it   directly   over   the   outlet   this   has   not   been   a   big   problem .   overall   i   am   satisfied   with   my   purchase   and   it   keeps   it   off   the   counter .   i   particularly   like   the   little   attachment   to   hang   the   cord .
too   small   this   blowdryer   does   work   and   blows   great   but   the   only   problem   i   have   is   its   to   small   i   will   buy   a   new   one   and   give   this   one   to   my   11yr   old   daughter
the   best   bonnet   dryer   out   there ! ! !   i   ve   tried   the   more   expensive   ones   out   there ,   including   the   gold   n   hot   on   wheels   the   bonnet   dryer   .   my   hair   never   got   dry   in   the   back   and   in   the   crown   area   when   using   the   gold   n   hot   dryers .   for   years   i   used   the   conair   hh320lb   pro   styler   bonnet   dryer ,   and   my   hair   dried   very   quickly .   when   mine   finally   conked   out   after   about   10   years   of   use ,   i   went   to   walmart   to   purchase   a   new   one   and   to   my   surprise ,   they   no   longer   carried   them .   i   went   to   sally   beauty   supply ,   target ,   and   other   beauty   supply   stores ... no   success .   finally ,   i   thought   34   amazon   bet   i   can   find   it   there .   34   sure   enough ,   there   it   was !   i   ordered   it   immediately !   i   love   the   fact   that   this   dryer   has   the   option   to   open   and   close   the   vent   on   the   top   of   the   hood   which   is   where   other   dryers   lack .   i   keep   the   vent   closed   for   fast   drying .   i   am   a   licensed   cosmetologist   who   uses   the   commercial   industrial   dryers   at   that   salon ,   but   at   home ,   i   use   my   conair ... works   just   as   good !   thanks   conair   and   amazon !   never   stop   making   this   product ! ...
mini   hair   dryer   i   ve   always   wanted   a   small   hair   dryer   for   traveling .   i   actually   use   this   everyday .   great   buy   and   i   would   purchase   again .
excellent   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   bought   it   as   a   replacement   after   my   second   revlon   dryer   bit   the   dust .   i   use   it   on   the   low   warm   setting   and   it   s   just   perfect   for   my   hair   type   thin   damaged   hair   ,   not   too   hot ,   but   not   too   cold .   dries   my   hair   super   fast   too ,   literally   under   5   minutes   and   done .   my   other   2   hair   dryers   hardly   put   out   any   heat   on   the   medium   settings   and   took   forever   to   dry   my   hair .   very   happy   with   this   since   again ,   my   hair   is   already   damaged   from   heat .   br   i   really   love   the   comb   attachment   it   came   with   too .   i   ve   never   seen   anything   like   this   before .   after   your   hair   is   dry   almost   dry ,   if   you   put   the   dryer   on   the   low   hot   with   the   attachment   on ,   it   really   helps   with   straightening   your   hair   and   pretty   much   eliminates   the   need   for   a   flat   iron ,   another   huge   plus .   it   comes   with   a   concentrator   attachment   too ,   but   i   don   t   use   that .   br   the   dryer   is   very   lightweight ,   quiet ,   the   cord   is   short   so   you   re   not   tripping   all   over   it ,   but   there   s   still   enough   length   to   work   with   without   pulling   it   out   of   the   wall .   br   this   is   a   great   little   hair   dryer   over   all   for   a   small   price .
lightweight ! ! !   blows   hot   dries   my   hair   fast ! ! !   this   blow   dryer   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for !   it   s   not   outrageously   priced ,   simple ,   lightweight ,   and   dries   hair   fast !
andis   is   a   brand   that   lasts   i   bought   an   andis   wall   mount   dryer   25   years   ago   and   used   it   every   day   without   problems   so   i   decided   to   get   this   model   as   a   replacement   when   the   old   one   finally   gave   out .   i   m   hoping   that   it   will   give   me   the   same   great   service .   the   unit   is   larger   than   my   original   more   compact   version ,   but   it   does   work   well .   the   reason   that   i   m   giving   this   product   a   3   is   because   it   s   more   cumbersome ,   the   slide   switch   on   the   handle   is   difficult   to   operate ,   it   doesn   t   slide   easily   and   there   is   a   very   bright   night   light   built   into   it   which   i   was   aware   of ,   but   was   surprised   by   the   level   of   brightness   it   emits .   it   s   too   bright   since   my   bathroom   is   part   of   the   master   suite   without   a   door   on   it .   i   had   to   put   duct   tape   over   the   light   to   try   to   block   it   out .   this   dimmed   it   about   50   .   obviously   i   d   much   rather   not   have   the   light ,   or   at   least   have   an   option   to   turn   it   off .
useless   didn   t   last   5   months .   cheaply   made   and   the   motor   burned   up   in   no   time   at   all .   don   t   waste   your   money .
awesome   little   hairdryer !   exactly   as   described   so   small !   when   it   arrived ,   i   thought   it   looked   like   a   toy ,   but   this   little   dryer   works !   just   used   it   traveling   and   it   absolutely   beats   the   standard   hairdryers   found   in   hotel   rooms .   doesn   t   weigh   a   thing ,   takes   up   no   space   and   works   just   as   well   as   full   size   dryers .   great   decision !
it   works ...   it   works ,   i   didn   t   expect   anything   wonderful   since   the   price   was   low .   you   get   what   you   pay   for ,   i   guess !
works   i   have   long   dark   hair   that   is   prone   to   grease ,   this   dryer   makes   my   hair   manageable   and   makes   it   feel   clean .   i   love   it
john   frieda   hair   dryer   i   am   very   happy   with   my   new   hair   dryer .   it   drys   my   hair   faster   and   does   not   heat   it   up   so   that   it   looks   frizzy .   i   recommend   this   dryer .   it   is   heavy   but   that   is   not   a   problem   and   the   buttons   are   fine   right   where   they   are .
best   hair   dryer   ever   i   researched   several   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryers   and   ended   up   with   this   one   and   i   am   in   love .   i   m   glad   i   didn   t   spend   more   because   this   one   gets   the   job   done   and   you   can   keep   some   cash   in   your   pocket .   i   have   thick   hair   and   if   i   were   to   let   it   air   dry ,   it   would   have   this   ugly   frizzy   wave   to   it .   i   love   that   this   hair   dryer   came   with   a   concentrator   and   diffuser .   i   use   the   hair   dryer   by   itself   first   and   just   finger   through   my   hair   with   the   setting   on   high   speed   and   high   heat   to   just   get   the   excess   water   out   and   then   throw   on   the   concentrator   and   low   dry   with   my   ionic   brush .   i   m   literally   amazed   at   how   fast   i   can   dry   my   hair   with   this   thing   and   i   m   kicking   myself   for   not   getting   one   sooner .
revlon   turbo   hair   dryer   i   received   the   revlon   turbo   hair   dryer   sooner   than   expected .   after   moving   out   of   my   parents   and   into   my   own   place ,   i   went   a   couple   of   months   without   a   hair   dryer .   i   straighten   my   hair   every   other   day   and   my   hair   is   really   course   and   thick   so   it   takes   a   while   for   my   hair   to   dry   on   its   on   without   a   hair   dryer .   i   wanted   something   that   wasn   t   pricey   so   i   settled   for   this   one .   br   it   does   the   job !   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   cord   is   really   short   so   you   are   restricted   to   just   about   a   2ft   distance   away   from   the   outlet   when   the   dryer   is   plugged   in .
retractable   cord   worked   great   for   a   few   months   after   continual   use ,   the   cord   eventuall   stops   retracting   all   the   way   and   that   is   a   disappointment .   dryer   itself   works   great   but   we   purchased   this   because   of   the   retracting   cord .
great   simple   hair   dryer   it   s   a   great   simple   hair   dryer ,   works   fine .   2   speeds ,   cooling   blow   button ,   that   s   it .   can   t   complain   for   the   price .   it   s   strong   and   light   weight ,   easy   to   use .   i   don   t   need   fancy   dryer .
remington   hair   dryer   i   choose   the   dryer   after   reading   about   it   in   a   fashion   magazine .   i   was   disappointed   as   it   was   not   as   hot   and   powerful   as   i   had   expected   and   the   large   size   makes   it   rather   unwieldly .   i   would   have   preferred   something   more   compact .   it   definitley   did   not   live   up   to   its   hype .
quick   drying !   this   was   my   first   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer .   i   was   looking   for   a   hair   dryer   that   would   cut   my   drying   time   because   i   have   thick   hair .   what   a   surprise ,   it   did   just   that !   it   cut   my   drying   time   to   a   third   of   what   it   used   to   take   with   my   old   hair   dryer .   it   proved   to   be   as   advertised .   it   made   my   hair   smoother ,   shinier   and   less   frizzy   too !
2nd   t3   per   my   wife   s   request   we   tried   other   brands   after   the   first   t3   died ,   but   they   never   matched   how   well   the   t3   performed .   my   wife   explicitly   asked   for   another   t3 ,   got   it ,   and   she   loves   it .
highly   rated   dryer .   terrific   dryer   with   all   the   attachments   and   features   one   would   ever   need .   can   be   used   by   a   professional ,   has   it   all .   does   not   disappoint !
it   works !   this   dryer   if   fantastic !   it   works   very   well   with   my   hair   style   and   even   if   i   used   rollers   it   would   comply .   set   up   is   very   easy .   there   is   great   heat   control   from   the   top   of   the   hood   as   well   as   the   knob .   easy   to   open   and   close
happy   with   the   product   i   wanted   a   blowdryer   that   i   could   easily   travel   with .   br   this   little   dryer   has   lots   of   power .   and   very   happy   that   is   comes   with   the   concentrator   which   many   of   the   others   dont   .   br   only   thing   is   it   does   get   pretty   hot ,   so   you   just   have   to   get   used   to   getting   around   that .
would   recomend   andis   dryer   i   found   this   dryer   to   be   sufficiant   for   my   needaa   bot   a   little   onn   the   heavy   side .   so   far   it   has   worked   out   welll .   br   linda
front   piece   does   it   comes   with   the   front   piece   i   want   to   make   sure   before   i   purchase   this   dryer .   it   had   happend   before   to   me
if   you   want   silky ,   soft ,   frizzless   hair ...   i   ve   only   had   this   blow   dryer   for   3   or   4   days ,   but   i   already   love   it .   the   older   one   i   was   using   was   more   than   20   years   old   and   the   difference   is   amazing .   i   have   no   idea   if   the   tourmaline   or   any   of   the   rest   of   it   mean   anything ,   but   the   difference   between   this   dryer   and   my   old   one   was   great .   my   old   dryer   would   almost   burn   my   scalp   and   had   only   two   settings   high   hot   and   low   low .   after   drying   my   hair   with   this   new   dryer ,   my   hair   was   silky   and   soft   and ,   yes ,   no   frizz .   it   also   dried   my   hair   very   fast .   i   used   the   high   speed   with   medium   heat   and   it   was   perfect   for   the   drying ,   then   i   turned   it   down   to   low   heat   and   speed   for   styling .   br   br   this   dryer   has   separate   buttons   for   heat   and   speed .   i   spent   a   lot   of   time   staring   at   the   picture   that   was   on   this   page   and   could   not   tell   if   there   were   two   buttons   or   just   one ,   so   i   wanted   to   mention   that ,   and   i   uploaded   some   pictures   of   the   buttons   as   well .   the   buttons   are   next   to   each   other   on   the   handle ,   on   the   inside   where   your   fingers   grip .   the   sliding   buttons   are   not   easily   moved ,   so   it   s   not   likely   that   you   would   slide   them   unintentionally   while   drying   your   hair .   br   br   i   ordered   and   received   this   blow   dryer   from   amazon . com ,   but   the   dryer   they   sent   me   was   slightly   different   from   the   one   pictured   here .   it   looks   almost   exactly   like   this   one ,   but   the   silver   design   on   the   side   is   smooth   and   it   says   you   on   it   instead   of   infiniti   and   doesn   t   say   conair   underneath ,   though   it   does   say   conair   on   the   nozzle   part   of   the   dryer .   other   than   that ,   the   dryer   they   sent   me   is   the   same   as   this   one   same   specs ,   same   buttons ,   same   cord ,   so   perhaps   it   s   just   a   newer   version   of   this   dryer   and   the   photo   is   outdated .   the   dryer   i   received   also   looks   darker   than   the   one   in   the   picture ,   but   it   s   a   sparkly   dark   teal   that   looks   very   pretty .   br   br   i   m   very   pleased   with   this   dryer   and   recommend   it .   before   purchasing ,   i   saw   the   reviews   of   some   that   said   it   didn   t   last   long ,   but   i   decided   to   order   it   anyway ,   since   i   didn   t   find   another   i   liked   better   than   this   one .   only   time   will   tell   how   long   it   will   last ,   but   for   now ,   i   m   very   pleased .   br   br   04   10   2013   update   i   wrote   this   review   when   i   d   only   had   the   blow   dryer   for   a   few   days ,   so   i   wanted   to   do   a   quick   update .   this   blow   dryer   is   still   great .   i   love   it .   my   hair   has   never   looked   better   after   blow   dryer .   i   still   have   the   same   little   quibble   that   i   had   before ,   though   the   little   tie   that   is   attached   to   the   cord   is   just   much   too   short .   it   makes   folding   up   the   cord   a   pain .   i   have   to   put   my   glasses   on   and   struggle   with   it   for   several   minutes .   i   have   a   hand   mixer   with   the   exact   same   type   of   tie   on   it .   it   s   just   a   little   longer   than   this   one   and   it   s   so   easy   to   attach   it .   if   they   d   made   this   one   even   a   half   inch   longer ,   it   would   have   been   so   easy   to   use .   i   will   probably   try   to   find   some   alternative   to   keep   the   cord   folded   up ,   but   they   really   should   have   just   put   one   on   that   was   long   enough .   br   br   even   so ,   the   blow   dryer   is   great .   i   love   having   different   speeds   and   heat   levels .   also ,   the   hottest   setting   doesn   t   burn   my   scalp . etter   than   this   one .   only   time   will   tell   how   long   it   will   last ,   but   for   now ,   i   m   very   pleased .   br   br   04   10   2013   update   i   wrote   this   review   when   i   d   only   had   the   blow   dryer   for   a   few   days ,   so   i   wanted   to   do   a   quick   update .   this   blow   dryer   is   still   great .   i   love   it .   my   hair   has   never   looked   better   after   blow   dryer .   i   still   have   the   same   little   quibble   that   i   had   before ,   though   the   little   tie   that   is   attached   to   the   cord   is   just   much   too   short .   it   makes   folding   up   the   cord   a   pain .   i   have   to   put   my   glasses   on   and   struggle   with   it   for   several   minutes .   i   have   a   hand   mixer   with   the   exact   same   type   of   tie   on   it .   it   s   just   a   little   longer   than   this   one   and   it   s   so   easy   to   attach   it .   if   they   d   made   this   one   even   a   half   inch   longer ,   it   would   have   been   so   easy   to   use .   i   will   probably   try   to   find   some   alternative   to   keep   the   cord   folded   up ,   but   they   really   should   have   just   put   one   on   that   was   long   enough .   br   br   even   so ,   the   blow   dryer   is   great .   i   love   having   different   speeds   and   heat   levels .   also ,   the   hottest   setting   doesn   t   burn   my   scalp .
it   drys   my   chest   hair ...   what   can   i   say   i   didn   t   buy   this   for   me   bought   it   for   the   wife .   i   haven   t   used   a   hair   dryer   since   1989 .   she   loves   this   one .
great   product   with   a   great   price   i   discovered   this   hair   dryer   at   a   hotel   i   was   staying   in   and   loved   it .   after   i   got   home ,   i   went   on   line   and   found   it   at   br   amazon   for   a   really   good   price .   it   is   small   enough   to   pack   in   a   suitcase   without   taking   up   much   room .   but   heavy   duty   br   enough   to   handle   my   thick   hair .   i   love   it .
great   when   it   work ,   but   does   not   last   pros   nice   design ,   gets   the   dryer   off   the   counter ,   dryer   works   very   well ,   and   is   lightweight .   br   br   cons   they   don   t   last   very   long .   i   ve   had   2   of   these   first   one   lasted   27.5   months   used   an   average   of   1.5   times   day .   second   one   only   lasted   22   months   with   same   use   frequency .   i   ve   had   other   blow   dryers   last   10   years ,   so   its   annoying   that   this   product   does   not   last .   the   fan   blades   inside   the   dryer   are   made   of   very   thin   plastic ,   and   they   eventually   just   disintegrate .   br   br   summary   i   would   be   happy   to   pay   more   for   a   dryer   that   works ,   looks   and   functions   as   well ,   but   lasts   longer .
small   and   strong   good   little   blow   dryer   for   travel   internationally .   worked   perfectly   with   240v .   i   have   never   found   a   hotel   blow   dryer   that   works   on   my   curly   frizzy   hair   so   it   was   great   to   have   this   tool   along ,   especially   in   a   very   humid   climate .   lots   of   air   volume   and   heat .   don   t   bother   looking   for   a   transformer   for   your   110v   blow   dryer   if   it   s   more   than   1600w   because   you   will   have   problems   and   possibly   even   damage   your   appliance   from   home .
a   fine   hairdryer   simple ,   just   enough   power ,   and   all   those   ions   are   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .   the   color   is   a   plus .
nice   little   dryer   i   ordered   this   off   amazon   as   it   was   half   the   price   of   target .   i   was   worried   that   it   wouldn   t   be   powerful   enough   or   hot   enough   as   i   have   long   middle   of   my   back   thick   hair .   it   works   just   like   a   bigger   dryer   and   is   the   size   of   my   hand .   i   travel   all   summer   and   never   take   a   blow   dryer   with   me   because   they   take   up   too   much   room .   got   this   dryer   and   remington   travel   curlers ... its   all   good .   both   are   great   for   traveling   and   work   better   than   i   expected .
wonderful   i   have   had   this   for   over   a   year   and   it   still   works   great   br   the   cold   button   works   fast   br   the   cleaning   sheild   is   a   great   feature   to   remove   lint
awesome   awesome   awesome   i   am   so   happy   with   this   purchase ! !   it   works   absolutely   great .   i   have   very   thick   hair   with   natural   curls .   normally   it   takes   me   about   20   to   30   minutes   to   blow   dry   my   hair   and   then   i   have   to   go   over   it   with   the   flat   iron   to   get   it   completely   straight .   it   took   me   ten   minutes   tops   when   using   this   blow   dryer   and   it   was   perfect   when   i   was   done .   not   only   was   it   straight   but   i   was   able   to   style   it   as   well .   i   have   to   say   i   m   shocked ! ! !   and   happy ! !   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product   to   anyone   who   blow   dries   there   hair   straight .
great   dryer   this   dryer   is   compact ,   has   a   powerful   fan   and   blows   a   lot   of   heat .   my   wife   loves   it .   not   really   quiet   like   most   dryers .
great   so   far   really   good   hairdryer .   purchased   this   one   after   our   other   conair   who   s   still   going   strong !   was   just   getting   too   old .   speeds   are   nice   and   it   doesn   t   burn   you   like   our   other   one   did .   also   surprisingly   very   light !
excellent   product   for   the   price   paid   at   less   than   8.00   a   unit   at   the   time   of   purchase ,   i   bought   2   pieces   for   my   family .   they   certainly   do   the   trick   and   are   comparable   to   any   other   dryer   purchased   in   the   past   costing   over   16.00 .
great   blowdryer   this   is   a   great   standard   size   blowdryer .   it   has   multiple   heat   and   power   sessions ,   and   the   internal   cord   storage   helps   keep   clutter   down   in   the   cabinet   under   my   seat .
love   it !   despite   the   fact   that   it   doesn   t   have   any   air   temperature   settings   air   temp   and   strength   are   all   combined   i   think ,   as   low ,   medium   and   high   ,   i   greatly   prefer   this   hair   dryer   over   my   old   traditional   style   one .   the   comb   attachments   are   awesome ,   and   i   feel   like   my   hair   dries   much   quicker   and   straighter   now   that   i   use   them .   the   way   the   dryer   vertically   spreads   the   air   throughout   your   hair   leads   to   quicker   and   more   even   blow   drying   times   and   styles   as   well .   br   br   i   haven   t   used   the   brush   attachement   with   the   blowdryer   but   actually   sometimes   use   it   to   just   brush   my   hair   when   it   s   wet   haha   works   like   a   charm !
packs   a   big   punch   for   it   s   small   size !   i   bought   it   for   traveling   but   i   use   it   all   the   time   because   it   s   powerful   and   lightweight .   definitely   recommend   the   hair   dryer   and   the   seller .
works   well !   i   have   no   regrets   about   purchasing   this   hair   drier .   it   does   not   frizz   my   hair   at   all   and   is   easy   and   quick   to   use  
good   dryer ,   if   you   can   get   at   a   good   price   i   bought   this   as   a   second   hair   dryer   for   the   home .   i   like   the   retractable   cord   feature ,   and   the   heating   element   is   pretty   good .   it   could   use   a   little   more   air   flow   power   though .   since   my   original   hair   dryer   broke ,   i   am   in   the   market   for   another   one .   this   one   still   works   good ,   but   my   older   hair   dryer   broke   .   br   br   i   am   surprised   to   see   that   in   about   11   months   time ,   this   dryer   has   gone   up   in   price   by   2.5   times   what   i   originally   paid .   back   in   april   2012 ,   i   got   this   for   only   10 .   on   march   6 ,   2013   today   ,   amazon   is   now   selling   it   for   close   to   25 !   guess   i   won   t   be   getting   another   one   of   these ...
great !   i   love   the   hot   and   cool   settings .   does   a   great   job   overall ,   and   i   m   excited   to   try   the   diffuser   it   comes   with
good   quality   at   a   good   price .   i   used   the   one   much   more   expensive   than   this   before   but   it   broke   and   i   bought   this .   it   works   really   well   so   far   and   its   ionic   function   makes   my   hair   smooth   and   soft .   i   m   very   satisfied   with   it .
excellent   purchase   this   dryer   is   compact   and   easily   portable .   it   does   an   excellent   job   of   drying   hair   over   event   the   largest   curlers .
i   suspect   this   is   a   counterfeit   item   i   purchased   this   hairdryer   a   few   months   ago   and   just   recently   tried   to   register   the   product   on   the   t3   website .   it   did   not   recognize   the   code   from   the   box ,   which   was   a   16   digit   code .   the   website   asks   for   a   12   or   14   digit   code .   also ,   the   code   taped   on   the   dryer   cord   is   different   than   the   one   on   the   box .   products   generally   should   have   a   warranty   card   and   instructions   inside ,   this   one   did   not   have   one .   br   br   fake   or   not ,   it   seems   to   work   pretty   good .   it   s   quieter   than   the   last   hairdryer   i   had   and   seems   to   dry   my   hair   quicker .
hair   dryer   i   like   this   hair   dryer .   had   another   one   exactly   the   same   befor   and   lasted   a   few   years .   i   never   minded   that   it   was   a   little   hard   to   slide   on   and   off .   br   the   retractable   feature   broke   immediately .   what   a   shame .
great   price   for   a   great   product   this   is   one   of   my   wife   s   favorite   presents .   it   puts   out   a   forceful   flow   of   air ,   dries   her   shoulder   length   hair   quickly   and   fits   snugly   in   her   gym   bag
good   basic   hair   dryer   it   s   a   pretty   good   sized   hair   dryer .   takes   a   lot   of   space   to   put   away   if   you   don   t   have   a   large   sink   cabinet .   br   overall ,   it   doesn   t   seem   to   require   too   much   time   to   have   your   hair   completely   dry ,   however   i   really   dislike   the   feel   and   design   of   the   buttons   the   ones   to   choose   the   temperature   and   the   level   of   drying   .   they   feel   really   flimsy   and   like   they   re   about   to   fall   off .
nice   product !   i   already   have   one   like   this ,   but   i   bought   this   one   for   my   mother ,   and   it   s   working   better   than   mine .   thank   you !
disappointed ...   potentially   dangerous   item .   i   won   t   buy   revlon   for   a   long   time   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   because   i   liked   the   design .   sliding   buttons   on   the   handle   with   separate   controls   for   temperature   and   wind   speed   are   good   features .   i   saw   there   were   mixed   reviews ,   but   assumed   revlon   had   made   the   product   well .   after   two   months   of   10   to   15   minutes   of   use   a   day   with   the   included   diffuser ,   it   spit   blue   fire   and   turned   itself   off .   i   m   thankful   for   the   safety   feature ,   but   have   returned   the   item   for   a   full   refund .   i   m   not   willing   to   risk   catching   my   hair   on   fire .
great   hairdryer   a   great   hairdryer   at   a   great   price .   it   s   very   quiet   and   powerful .   arrived   very   fast   and   i   would   recommend   this   product
dries   hair   quickly   i   purchased   this   for   my   daughter   when   her   old   drugstore   hair   dryer   expired .   she   likes   it   pretty   well   and   said   it   dries   her   very   long   thick   hair   pretty   quickly .
thanks !   arrived   when   expected   and   working   br   br   this   feed   back   im   providing   is   good   , .   the   package   arrived   when   expected   and   in   good   shape
conair   met   all   my   expectations   small ,   compact ,   plenty   of   air ,   heat   etc .   good   for   travel   since   handle   retracts   and   is   lightweight   for   travel .
didn   t   last   long   purchased   october   2011 ,   broke   march   2013 .   so   only   lasted   1   year   and   5   months .   used   it   only   2   times   every   week ,   so   it   was   gently   used .   will   replace   it   with   a   different   brand .
great   great   i   used   this   at   a   marriott   on   visits   and   realized   that   my   hair   really   looked   better   than   at   home .   i   bought   one   for   myself   and   now   my   hair   looks   good   all   of   the   time .   thanks .
outstanding   product   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   ever , fast   drying   and   easy   to   hold   and   use .   our   family   has   used   them   for   br   a   number   of   years
love   the   dryer   i   love   this   dryer .   i   was   first   introduced   to   it   when   we   stayed   at   a   very   upscale   hotel .   i   wrote   down   the   information   and   ordered   on   on   amazon   when   i   returned   home .   it   was   a   little   pricey   but   some   things   are   just   worth   it .   the   only   down   side   for   me   is   the   placement   of   the   buttons .   i   am   right   handed ,   andthe   way   i   hold   this   dryer ,   allows   me   to   i   sometimes   accidently   hit   the   off   button   as   i   am   drying   my   hair .   it   is   not   a   deal   breaker ,   but   a   bit   annoying .   nice   wattage   and   fast   drying .   i   would   purchase   it   again ,   although   maybe   their   newer   models   have   the   button   relocated .   price   of   the   item   was   reasonable   as   was   the   shipping   cost .   i   would   recommend   the   product   and   the   seller .
it   s   ok   it   s   very   similar   to   those   hair   dryer   you   find   in   hotel   rooms !   it   does   what   it   s   supposed   to ,   but   it   takes   a   little   longer   and   it   only   has   2   speeds   which   is   on   the   description   !   it   s   a   good   buy   for   the   price .   but   it   doesn   t   fold ,   which   would   be   harder   to   put   in   a   suitcase .   overall   i   m   satisfied .
it   over   heated   i   had   a   conair   hair   dryer   that   gave   out   finally   due   to   usage   and   age .   br   this   one   was   powerful   enough   but   since   i   have   thick   shoulder   length   br   hair ,   it   takes   longer   to   dry   and   the   conair   automatically   shut   down .   br   i   had   to   wait   until   it   cooled   down   to   be   able   to   turn   it   on   again .   i   sent   br   it   back   because   i   do   not   have   time   to   waste   until   the   hair   dryer   could   br   operate   again .   handy   size ,   but   too   many   minuses .
re   great   blow   dryer !   this   hair   dryer   is   perfect   for   long   hair .   it   is   easy   to   use .   i   am   very   thankful   i   got   it .
i   love   it !   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing !   it   s   light   weight   makes   it   easier   to   use .   it   dryers   your   hair   super   fast !   i   would   definitely   recommend   it .
dissappointed   with   their   shipment .   ad   said   with   diffuzer   but   there   isn   t   one .   overall   the   hairblower   is   great .   the   first   one   i   ordered   was   suppose   to   include   the   diffuzer .   the   first   shipment   came   without   a   diffuzer .   wrote   the   company   and   they   immediately   sent   another   one   out   within   2   days   .   the   second   one   didn   t   have   the   diffuzer   with   it   either .   i   went   back   to   the   ad   and   it   said   with   diffuzer .   so   i   have   requested   another   return   and   pickup   and   asked   them   not   to   resend   another   one .   my   hair   is   naturally   curly   and   i   need   the   diffuzer .   yes   i   can   buy   a   diffuzer   anywheres ,   but   since   i   paid   for   it   with   this   one ,   i   shouldn   t   have   to   go   buy   one .   not   sure   what   they   call   a   diffuzer ,   but   the   round   flat   attachment   is   not   a   diffuzer .   the   big   round   attachment   is   what   i   call   a   diffuzer .   sorry   we   won   t   get   burnt   three   times .
works   wonderfully .   i   love   the   different   settings   and   the   drying   capability .   i   dries   very   quickly   and   is   great   a   creating   volume .   it   is   a   little   heavy ,   but   worth   the   weight .
best   dryer   we   have   had   this   for   long   long   time ,   my   wife   uses   this   almost   everyday   and   still   works   very   good ,   she   dropped   the   other   day ,   and   still   works   very   good .
love   the   blow   dryer   diffuser   too   small !   i   have   basically   the   same   blow   dryer   that   i   needed   to   replace   different   color   .   this   one   is   targeted   for   people   with   curly   hair   and   the   diffuser   is   half   the   size   of   the   one   that   came   with   the   older   blow   dryer .   fortunately   the   old   one   fits   on   this   new   one .   love   that   there   are   3   heat   and   3   speed   settings   impossible   to   find   at   the   store   for   some   reason !
terrific   unit   since   i   use   this   every   day ,   it   needs   to   be   a   good ,   reliable   product .   and   that   s   exactly   what   it   is .
highly   effective   and   versatile   blow   dryer   it   looks   like   it   would   be   too   small   to   be   effective ,   but   not   so .   this   little   gadget   really   blows ,   and   in   a   good   way .   the   dual   voltage   aspect   makes   it   good   for   international   travel .   get   one .   you   won   t   be   disappointed .
very   good   product   i   liked   this   hair   dryer   so   much   that   when   my   old   one   finally   died   i   bought   another   one .   some   hair   dryers   are   so   loud   they   sound   like   a   fighter   jet   taking   off .   this   one   is   much   quieter   and   is   also   quite   light   and   easy   to   maneuver .   you   can   t   beat   this   for   the   price .
very   good   it   works   very   well ,   the   three   temperatures   and   speeds   give   you   a   good   range   of   options   depending   on   what   you   intend   to   do   on   your   hair .   the   difusor   has   a   good   size   and   it   s   a   great   option   for   curly   hair .   i   just   didn   t   see   a   big   result   in   reducing   frizz ,   which   can   be   hair   dependent ...
bought   to   dry   things   other   than   my   hair   i   use   this   to   melt   beeswax   to   help   preserve   leather .   it   works   perfectly .   it   was   cheap   and   it   does   what   i   needed   it   to   do .
good   conditon   i   like   this   item   very   much ,   easy   to   take   and   easy   to   control ,   that   s   exactly   what   i   want   to   use   in   my   daily   life
excellent   compact   hair   dryer   this   is   a   great   little   hair   dryer   and   i   like   the   various   settings .   my   only   complaint   is   that   it   s   a   bit   noisy ,   but   that   s   to   be   expected   with   most   compact   dryers   that   put   out   any   volume   of   air .
awesome   hairdryer   this   is   probably   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .   i   have   really   thick ,   corse   hair   and   haven   t   generally   dried   it   much   in   the   past   because   it   would   take   so   long .   then   once   it   was   dry   i   d   have   to   straighten   it   because   it   would   be   all   frizzy .   not   anymore ! ! !   this   thing   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   also   leaves   it   very   smooth .   i   love   it !   now   i   dry   my   hair   almost   daily   since   it   doesn   t   take   me   an   hour   from   start   to   finish !
it   broke   owned   it   less   than   a   year ,   it   broke !   for   no   reason !   try   to   press   reset   button ,   still   nothing ,   it   is   very   disappointed !
makes   everyday   easier   and   faster   i   blow   dry   my   hair   almost   everyday   and   it   used   to   be   a   chore .   this   hair   dryer   has   made   the   process   time   go   by   so   quickly ,   leaves   my   hair   smooth ,   and   is   affordable .   if   you   re   thinking   of   investing   in   an   amazing   hair   dryer ,   invest   in   this   one .   it   s   half   the   price   and   totally   worth   it .
great   gift   good   hair   dryer   for   the   money ,   seriously .   i   ve   had   one   just   like   it   for   almost   8   years ,   love   it .   so   this   one   for   less   than   10   is   awesome !
works   great ,   but ...   my   only   frustration   is   this   blow   dryer   is   loud .   my   four   year   old   now   shuts   his   door   just   to   avoid   the   noise   this   dryer   produces .   i   used   to   have   a   t3   tourmeline   dryer   which   was   good   but   it   d   just   run   it   s   course .   i   wasn   t   in   love   with   it   so   thought   i   would   try   what   many   reviewers   claimed   was   a   very   professional   dryer   for   a   reasonable   price .   i   also   wish   it   had   a   medium   blow   setting   as   well ,   as   there   is   a   really   dramatic   difference   between   the   low   and   high   and   i   have   to   be   diligent   to   be   sure   the   high   setting   doesn   t   make   my   curls   frizzy .   i   will   keep   it ,   but   just   two   things   i   wish   i   had   known .
not   quite   what   expected   this   product   came   up   in   a   search   for   travel   hair   dryers .   it   is   not   a   travel   hair   dryer .   on   the   down   side   heavy   probably   because   of   the   cord   retracting   mechanism ,   which   is   powerful   enough   to   pull   a   tooth   with   ,   handle   is   uncomfortable   to   hold   and   is   very   thick .   the   bulbous   end   of   it   is   so   wide   it   cannot   fit   in   the   drawer   where   i   keep   hair   dryers .   and   it   s   a   ittle   too   loud .   on   the   good   side   does   a   truly   fine   job   of   drying   and   styling   hair ,   and   i   really   like   the   results .   the   price   is   fair .
dangerous !   i   purchased   this   and   received   it   two   days   later !   as   always   amazon . com   shipping   is   superior !   ive   never   had   issues   with   an   items   sold   from   amazon . com   although   i   have   with   their   third   party   sellers .   i   thought   this   was   a   safe   bet .   i   attempted   to   use   it   for   the   first   time   today   and   it   caught   on   fire ! ! !   i   was   using   it   in   a   bedroom   in   a   safe   outlet   that   i   use   for   chargers   and   other   items   with   no   issue !   it   was   not   around   any   water !   my   hair   was   dry   and   was   using   it   to   help   make   it   straighter .   at   first   it   had   a   smokey   smell   and   i   thought   maybe   this   is   like   a   new   hair   dryer   smell .   my   straightener   sometimes   smells   like   this   if   i   use   with   my   hair   wet   so   i   thought   this   was   fine .   i   turned   it   out   waited   5   mins   then   tried   again   and   luckily   i   cautiously   turned   the   hair   dryer   away   from   hair   to   make   sure   it   was   safe   and   sure   enough   fire   came   out   i   turned   it   off   unplugged   it   and   it   patted   it   down   with   a   blanket   till   i   stopped .   i   was   sooo   scared !   luckily   i   wasn   t   burned   but   my   blanket   had   to   be   tossed !   amazon . com   was   helpful   with   processing   a   return   and   i   still   think   revlon   products   are   great   but   something   must   have   been   wrong   with   this   particular   one   so   be   careful   with   this !
i   love   it   have   everything   i   want ,   go   ooo   oo   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   oo   o   o   d
excelente   secador   !   ya   lo   recib   iacute   ,   me   gusto   el   secador   muy   potente , calienta   bastante , seca   r   aacute   pido   y   de   manera   perfecta , lo   uacute   nico   que   es   un   poco   pesado ,   por   lo   dem   aacute   s   excelente .
nice ,   light   weight   slightly   less   output   than   expected   i   got   this   to   put   in   our   guest   room   and   then ,   comparing   it   to   my   vintage   model ,   claimed   it   for   myself .   i   don   t   know   how   much   34   times   34   have   changed   since   the   last   time   i   bought   a   hairdryer ,   but   i   was   surprised   at   its   slightly   reduced   output .   it   s   light ,   though ,   which   is   an   improvement ,   and   it   s   easy   to   operate ,   so   i   like   it   overall .
seems   to   have   a   lot   of   power ,   i   just   wish   the   heat   was   a   bit   hotter .   i   do   like   how   this   dryer   feels   as   i   hold   it .   there   is   a   lot   of   air   that   is   coming   from   the   unit .   i   just   wish   it   were   hotter .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   it   takes   forever   to   dry .   it   seems   as   if   the   hottest   setting   is   the   same   temperature   as   34   warm   34   on   any   other   dryer   that   i   have   had .
best   hair   dryer   this   is   the   best   darn   hair   dryer .   my   daugthter   asked   for   her   own   dryer   so   i   didn   t   want   spend   a   lot   of   money   on   her   first   dryer .   this   works   way   better   than   mine   and   i   spent   3   times   more   on   mine .   it   dry   s   faster   and   isn   t   as   loud   as   mine .   it   s   smaller   and   lighter .   i   think   i   might   just   have   to   get   me   one   of   these   also .
works   great !   great   little   drier .   heats   up   quickly   and   blows   hard .   i   wish   it   had   an   attchment   to   direct   the   air   better .
this   thing   blows !   ha ,   ha ,   ha   i   bought   this   hairdryer   because   i   stayed   at   a   marriott   hilton   in   providence ,   rhode   island ,   and   this   was   the   hair   dryer   that   the   room   was   supplied   with .   i   didn   t   think   anything   special   of   it   when   i   first   walked   in ,   or   when   i   brushed   my   teeth .   i   didn   t   realize   what   a   competent   little   hair   dryer   this   thing   was   until   the   next   morning .   when   my   hair   was   wet .   and   i   need   to   dry   my   hair .   br   br   the   andis   rc   2   ionic   1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer   with   folding   handle   seriously   blows .   i   mean   that .   it   puts   out   an   impressive   amount   of   heated   air .   the   settings   are   appropriate   low ,   medium ,   high   they   all   provide   about   the   amount   of   air   you   d   expect .   the   heat   is   nice .   nothing   special   there ,   but   it   dries   hair .   br   br   i   don   t   think   i   ve   ever   owned   a   hair   dryer   i   ve   liked   more .   granted ,   this   is   only   my   third   one   ever ,   but   still ,   not   too   shabby .
just   okay   just   okay   aaa   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   a   just   wanna   finished   this
doesn   t   get   hot   enough   i   would   like   it   more   if   it   reached   a   higher   temperature .   takes   a   long   time   to   dry   hair .   i   have   thick   hair   so   i   need   a   hair   dryer   that   gets   hotter .
i   am   glad   i   screwed   it   to   the   wall ...   ... cause   everyone   would   walk   out   of   my   house   with   it .   all   of   my   friends   want   one ... it   is   so   cool !   only   thing   i   wish   is   that   it   was   a   bit   more   powerful ... high   is   what   i   would   consider   as   medium ,   but   i   still   wouldn   t   give   it   away .   every   feature   is   that   of   style .  
twin   turbo   blow   dryer   awesome   dryer !   handles   well ,   dries   the   hair   fast ,   very   easy   to   control .   the   only   negative ... its   a   little   heavy .   love   it   and   would   recommend   it   to   all !
best   hair   driver   ever   this   hair   drier   is   superb !   it   is   small   and   powerful .   it   is   great   for   home   or   travel .   best   one   i   ever   owned .
love   it !   pros   br   lightweight   best   feature   br   strong   force   of   air   if   you   want   it   br   multiple   heat   controls   br   br   cons   br   i   don   t   think   the   diffuser   does   much ,   but   i   really   don   t   care   about   that .
great   the   clip   on   our   old   one   finally   broke   after   years   of   usage .   the   girls   liked   it   so   much   i   bought   another   one   definitely   a   good   value .   keeps   the   dryer   handy   but   out   of   the   way .   and   as   a   bonus   they   hadn   t   changed   the   mounting   system   so   i   just   pulled   the   old   one   off   the   wall ,   adjusted   the   cord   length   and   snapped   the   now   one   in .
great   dryer ,   super   long   cord   this   is   the   way   to   get   a   professional   quality   hair   dryer   at   a   fraction   of   the   cost .   there   are   three   or   four   brands   selling   essentially   the   same   dryer   including   this   one   but   none   have   the   cord   length   of   this   one .   br   br   its   performance   is   exactly   as   hoped   and   more .   br   br   the   cord   is   incredibly   long ,   making   plug   concerns   a   thing   of   the   past .   br   br   we   bought   our   second   one   recently .
great   price   update   sparks   this   hairdryer   is   quiet   and   light   and   dries   my   hair   very   quickly .   it   has   cut   my   drying   time   in   half .   i   love   the   long   cord ,   too .   update   as   of   2   26   15   this   has   been   a   great   blow   dryer   for   just   over   two   years .   this   morning   it   died   though .   i   was   using   it   and   it   seemed   like   the   cord   was   coming   unplugged   as   the   power   seemed   to   be   waning   and   then   ramping   up .   i   checked   the   cord   and   it   was   securely   in   the   socket .   this   lasted   for   about   10   seconds   and   then   sparks   shot   out   about   6   inches   from   the   handle   and   it   died .   i   threw   the   dryer   down   and   yanked   the   cord   out   of   the   wall .   wtf   that   was   crazy .   i   never   expected   to   have   sparks   fly   at   my   face   this   morning .   so ,   it   was   a   great   dryer   until   it   almost   blew   up   in   my   hand .   i   still   give   it   three   stars   as   it   was   great   for   two   years .
decent   value   cuz   its   so   inexpensive   switch   is   all   wiggly ,   power   is   relatively   weak ,   and   somewhat   loud ,   but   it   has   been   working   so   far   and   it   is   inexpensive
model   800   vs   old   model   30001   i   have   owned   a   hot   tools   hair   dryer   model   30001   but   could   no   longer   use   it   because   the   bonnet   attachment   to   the   hose   broke .   i   was   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer   and   therefore   expected   the   same   results   from   a   newer   hot   tools   hair   dryer .   br   however   the   thermostat   setting   is   too   too   hot ..   i   cannot   use   it   at   all   on   high   setting   and   barely   on   the   middle   setting   i   have   managed   to   34   get   the   job   done   34   by   starting   on   the   middle   setting   as   long   as   i   can   stand   it   and   then   switching   to   the   cool   setting   and   then   manually   pulling   the   bonnet   to   a   peak   over   my   curlers .   my   model   30001   had   five   heat   settings .   br   br   in   addition   to   this   the   new   dryer   is   very   nosy   almost   has   a   whistle   to   it .   the   bonnet   is   heavier   and   not   as   flexible .   br   in   short   i   am   not   happy   with   the   new   dryer   do   you   have   another   model   with   more   heat   settings   br   br   a   problem   with   both   models   the   hose   easily   becomes   detached   from   the   bonnet   while   in   the   process   of   drying .
all   hot   air   the   unit   quit   working   on   the   lower   setting ,   and   it   blows   more   than   it   heats   and   dries .   it   has   basically   quit   working .   my   husband   has   resumed   using   our   ancient   one ,   which   we   can   no   longer   hang   up   which   was   my   impetus   for   purchasing   a   new   one   .   they   just   don   t   make   things   like   they   used   to .   we   just   threw   it   away .
best   product   ever !   i   ve   always   used   kurukuru   and   i   m   glad   i   got   it   on   amazon   because   it   works   great   for   me   right   now .   i   don   t   know   what   i   d   do   without   it !
fantastic   little   investment   i   bought   this   because   i   just   moved   and   have   been   using   my   sister   s   hair   dryer   up   to   this   point .   i   couldn   t   afford   to   spend   a   lot   of   extra   money   and   i   am   already   purchasing   a   million   things   for   my   new   apartment ,   but   being   a   female   with   thick ,   long   hair   and   bangs ,   i   needed   a   hair   dryer .   i   was   skeptical   to   purchase   something   so   cheap ,   but   really   wow .   this   is   perfect   for   me .   it   blows   strongly   on   high ,   the   heat   is   quite   warm ,   and   the   cold   setting   is   fantastic .   br   br   i   bought   this   for   8   and   am   so   happy   about   it .   don   t   waste   your   money   on   a   more   expensive   one .   i   really   don   t   see   the   point .
awesome ! !   if   you   really   want   to   dry   your   hair   quickly   then   this   is   the   dryer   you   re   looking   for .   it   gets   very   hot   and   i   love   it !   it   is   good   for   my   hair   i   have   very   thick   curly   and   frizzy   .
smart   looking   wall   mounted   dryer   i   very   much   like   the   dual   power   and   styling   of   this   dryer .   the   lint   filter   is   very   nice ,   too .   since   purchasing   it   about   a   month   ago   it   has   performed   flawlessly .   br   br   a   small   34   con   34   is   that   the   mounting   bracket   has   34   play   34   and   the   unit   does   not   feel   solidly   mounted   even   though   the   mounting   bracket   is   very   tightly   screwed   into   the   wall .   to   remedy   this ,   i   cut   a   styrofoam   cup   into   strips   and   wedged   pieces   between   the   dryer   and   the   wall .   this   tightened   up   the   34   play   34   to   where   the   unit   seems   solidly   mounted   and   the   foam   wedges   do   not   show .
keyword   ionic ...   i   love   anything   that   can   put   away   the   cord   in   a   snap   and   dries   my   hair   half   the   time   as   my   other   regular   hair   dryer   they   are   right ,   ionic   technology   does   work !   i   have   no   regrets   buying   this   item .   it   works   as   advertised !
terrific   product !   i   love   the   cooling   blow   drying   feature .   i   don   t   have   to   spend   hours   to   get   my   hair   dry .   a   great   buy !
great   blow   dryer   i   m   a   professional   hairdresser   so   i   need   a   powerful   blow   dryer   that   s   light .   this   serves   the   purpose   it   s   powerful ,   light   and   hat .   six   of   the   seven   stylists   in   our   salon   use   it   do   i   guess   there   s   nothing   else   to   say .
great ,   for   the   few   months   it   worked .   like   many ,   this   was   purchased   because   of   the   experience   i   have   had   with   andis   clippers .   they   have   lasted   7   years   plus .   this   was   great ,   at   first .   after   a   few   months   use   the   power   started   gradually   getting   lower   and   lower .   now   it   barely   produces   enough   air   to   blow   a   tissue .   it   is   less   than   a   year   old   so   i   contacted   andis   about   sending   it   in   for   repair .   i   have   yet   to   hear   back .   their   website   points   you   to   the   repair   facilities   in   your   area .   one   problem ,   they   only   service   andis   clipper   products .   it   makes   me   doubt   whether   andis   even   makes   these   or   just   slaps   their   name   on   it .   if   i   don   t   get   a   response   from   andis ,   i   will   take   this   apart   and   see   if   there   is   another   manufacturers   name   inside .   br   br   update   still   no   response ,   so   i   called   again .   i   was   told   they   do   not   service   hair   dryers ,   they   simply   replace   them .   so   i   am   returning   it ,   at   my   cost ,   for   a   replacement .   br   br   new   update   received   my   new   replacement .   fyi ,   use   a   flat   rate   usps   bubble   envelope   and   shipping   will   only   cost   5 .
best   hair   dryer   the   ritz   carlton   hotel   provides   these   hair   dryers .   after   staying   at   one   of   their   hotels   i   loved   the   hair   dryer   so   much   i   bought   one .
great   this   is   great   for   me   because   i   needed   a   new   dependable   hair   dryer .   conair   products   are   always   a   great   to   use
great   christmas   present   this   was   a   great   christmas   present .   the   haet   adjustment   and   cord   extension   were   great ,   the   gfci   was   a   good   addition   and   the   color   was   cool .
good   good   quality   and   not   expensive   price .   i   would   like   to   recommend   you   to   buy   it .   a   pleasant   shopping   experience .  
works   great   i   ordered   this   hair   dryer   when   my   hair   dryer   stopped   working .   i   received   it   in   just   a   couple   of   days .   what   i   love   about   this   dryer   is   that   it   is   dries   and   allows   me   to   style   my   hair   so   much   quicker   than   my   old   dryer .   and   the   price   is   reasonable .
great   price .   good   value   this   small   dryer   really   does   its   job .   i   relied   on   other   s   reviews   which   were   extremely   helpful .   the   most   expensive   product   is   not   necessarily   the   best   product ,   and   this   one   proves   it .   great   value .
heavy   and   vibrates   i   loved   the   idea   of   a   retractable   cord ,   but   that   s   about   the   only   good   thing   about   this   dryer .   it   is   big   and   heavy ,   but   the   worst   part   is   that   it   vibrates   like   crazy   very   uncomfortable !
drys   fast   it   does   a   good   job   with   the   heat   ranges ,   the   only   thing   i   replaced   a   travel   dryer   with   this   and   it   just   seems   so   big   and   bulky
light   weight   and   powerful .   great   dryer .   nice   and   light   weight   so   my   arms   don   t   get   worn   out   drying   my   long   hair .   great   power   too .
very   lightweight   works   really   well   and   is   very   lightweight .   it   is   a   little   louder   than   i   m   use   to   and   that   s   why   i   docked   a   star .
love   the   yellowbird .   i   was   a   hair   cutter   for   ten   years   back   in   the   80   s .   nothing   has   ever   beaten   the   yellowbird   as   far   as   power   and   design .
nice   dryer   this   was   my   second   purchase   of   this   dryer .   the   prior   one   lasted   many   years   and   was   still   working   when   i   replaced   it .   the   only   problem   with   it   was   the   plastic   buttons   were   cracking   and   falling   off   so   i   glued   them   and   kept   using   it .   i   like   the   new   one   just   as   we   ll ,   it   s   efficient   and   well   made .   i   do   tend   to   accidentally   change   the   temperature   setting   when   i   m   using   it   simply   because   of   where   the   buttons   are   and   how   i   hold   the   dryer .   i   recommend   this   dryer   despite   that .
brush   attachment   is   worthless   if   you   use   a   brush   attachment ,   don   t   bother   with   this   dryer !   also ,   the   high ,   medium   and   lowsettings   only   manage   heat .   there   is   no   difference   in   the   force   of   the   air   flow .   if   you   have   medium   to   thick   hair ,   this   dryer   won   t   provide   enough   power   to   dry   your   hair   in   a   reasonable   lenght   of   time .   this   dryer   is   weak .   i   would   only   recommend   it   for   people   with   fine   or   short   hair .
travel   hair   dryer   i   use   warm   setting   to   dry   and   style   and   the   cold   setting   to   set .   the   product   works   great   for   my   needs .   i   plan   on   using   this   for   trips   and   a   back   up   at   home   in   case   my   other   hair   dryer   quits   working .
no   cool   shot   button !   the   description   states   there   is   a   cool   shot   button ,   but   there   is   no   cool   shot   button !   amazon ,   please   correct   this   misleading   description .   i   wanted   a   small ,   no   heat   air   blower   for   medical   purposes .   this   dryer   seemed   to   be   the   closest   thing .   i   m   returning   it ,   but   what   a   waste   of   time !
all   plusses   replaced   an   old   model   with   this .   it   is   faster ,   quieter ,   and   lighter   than   it   s   predacessor .   price   the   same   as   in   stores ,
sunbeam   oster   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   the   hair   dryer   works   well   and   was   easy   to   install .   br   it   was   a   little   larger   than   i   expected .   br   overall ,   happy   with   the   product .
very   satisfied .   nice   size ,   color   and   not   heavy   weight .   it   works   very   well   and   three   options   for   blow   air   are   very   comfy .   it   doesnt   take   too   much   time   to   dry   my   hair .   folding   handle   and   retractable   wire   are   really   useful   .   very   happy   with   that .
fabulous   dryer   i   purchased   this   dryer   at   the   recommendation   of   my   stylist .   i   have   thick ,   curly   hair   that   takes   hours   to   dry .   i   let   my   hair   air   dry   because   conventional   blowdryers   even   with   a   diffuser   only   add   frizz   and   uncurl   my   spiral   curls .   having   a   wet   head   for   hours   in   the   winter   is   uncomfortable .   this   dryer   is   fabulous .   i   can   dry   my   hair   while   working   at   my   home   office .   the   results   have   been   terrific .   i   read   the   other   reviews   before   purchasing ,   and   use   the   pole   and   casters   to   move   it   to   the   appropriate   spot .   so   far ,   so   good .
so   far   so   good !   i   was   looking   for   a   dryer   with   no   heat   option ...   those   that   i   have   found   before   have   the   button   that   you   have   to   press   down   in   order   to   get   the   cool   hair ... this   one   is   different   you   can   totally   dry   your   hair   without   using   any   heat   at   all   because   you   can   just   press   cool   air   button   and   unless   you   change   it   you   only   use   the   ambiant   air   like   a   very   powerful   ventilator ...
works   great .... but   i   ordered   two   of   these   dryers .   i   had   used   them   before   and   i   trust   their   quality .   but ,   when   the   product   arrived ,   i   found   that   there   was   no   plug   on   the   end   of   the   cord .   these   units   are   made   to   be   hard   wired   into   the   electrical   system .   i   didn   t   see   that   clearly   spelled   out   in   the   descriptive   text   when   i   was   looking   for   the   product .   as   such ,   instead   of   going   thru   the   hassle   of   returning   both   of   the   dryers   i   went   to   ace   hardware   and   purchased   some   plugs   to   put   on   the   cords .   now   i   m   just   hoping   and   praying   the   connections   don   t   heat   up   and   set   the   house   on   fire .   br   br   but   the   dryers   themselves   work   great !
hair   dryer   i   put   three   of   these   in   a   rental   and   two   have   held   up   well ,   the   other   one   still   works   but   plastic   parts   broke .   br   .
holy   smokes   this   thing   is   great !   i   stayed   at   a   hotel   in   chicago   that   used   these   in   their   room ,   and   was   so   amazed   by   how   much   power   comes   out   of   this   tiny   little   unit   that   i   googled   how   much   they   cost ,   to   learn   that   they   are   only   around   25 !   now   it   s   my   go   to   travel   dryer ,   and   everybody   is   always   so   impressed   with   it .   i   will   be   buying   more ,   and   i   hope   they   never   stop   making   these   things !
cuddos   for   revlon   hair   dryer !   great   bang   for   the   buck !   my   hair   has   never   been   happier .   i   wish   all   purchases   were   so   easy   and   i   wholeheartedley   recommend   this   product .
wish   it   had   one   higher   setting   works   well ,   no   problems   yet .   but   when   it   s   on   the   highest   setting   it   still   feels   like   there   should   be   some   more   power   coming   out   of   it .
my   daughter   loves   it   she   is   a   lover   of   all   things   hello   kitty   and   this   hair   dryer   just   happens   to   be   a   really   good   one .   light   weight   and   she   still   has   her   style   and   fun .
does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do   sorry   i   don   t   have   anymore   to   say   about   it .   it   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do .   okay   if   you   want   reviews   you   re   going   to   have   to   stop   limiting   the   numbers   of   words .
wall   mount   hairdryer   i   had   this   particular   hairdryer   before   and   it   had   gotten   broke .   i   looked   everywhere   to   replace   it .   i   love   the   wall   mount   feature ,   it   doesnt   take   up   space .   its   compact   and   has   great   power .   i   would   recommend   it   to   everyone .
great !   dries   fast ,   quiet ,   sleek .   bought   for   my   dad   for   christmas   to   replace   an   old   remington   he   had   that   also   had   the   dual   motor .   works   very   quickly   and   it   very   nice   looking .   lasts   a   long   time   too .   my   dad   had   his   old   remington   for   6   years !   lol   it   was   time   for   an   upgrade .   im   sure   hell   have   this   another   6 ...   ha
lots   of   power   this   is   compact   and   puts   out   more   air   than   my   full   sized   blow   dryer .   i   bought   it   because   of   it   s   dual   voltage   settings   because   i   work   internationally   and   will   be   traveling   to   ireland   soon .   i   have   been   using   it   every   day   since   i   got   it   because   i   like   it   so   much .
love   it   i   love   this   blowdryer .   i   love   how   i   don   t   have   to   mess   around   with   the   cord   anymore .   the   cord   does ,   however ,   get   stuck   sometimes   and   you   have   to   unwind   it   and   do   it   over   and   over   again   until   the   cord   is   properly   inserted   back   into   the   blowdryer .   i   also   get   this   burnt   smell   from   the   dryer   after   using   it   for   10   minutes .   still ,   i   like   this   blowdryer   more   than   the   ones   i   ve   used   in   the   past .
works   great   dries   hair   in   no   time   at   all !   great   price   great   product .   lightweight   and   fairly   quiet .   i   am   hoping   that   this   drier   lasts   many   years ,   as   did   my   last   conair   dryer .
would   of   given   it   a   5   star   if   the   handle   were   more   ergonomic   this   thing   is   still   great   even   though   it   has   a   kinda   awkward   handle ,   but   that   s   what   allows   it   to   fold ,   so   it   is   a   necessary   evil .   never   had   a   device   with   a   retractable   cord   work   so   well   either .   if   you   want   a   compact   well   drying   hair   dryer ,   this   is   a   no   brainer .   i   would   definitely   buy   it   again .
quiet   purchased   this   because   my   daughter   hated   the   loud   hair   dryer   we   had .   this   one   is   quite   a   bit   quieter   and   well   made .
good   dryer   pretty   good   product ,   low   noise ,   will   buy   again .   pretty   good   product ,   low   noise ,   will   buy   again .   pretty   good   product ,   low   noise ,   will   buy   again
it   blew   out   i   plugged   it   in   turkey   and   it   blew   out   right   away ,   so   i   didn   t   have   a   hair   dryer   during   my   stay   there .   i   am   giving   it   1   star ,   since   i   can   t   seem   to   be   able   to   choose   0 .   the   only   purpose   i   bought   this   dryer   for ,   was   to   use   it   in   europe .
terrible   hairdryer   the   hairdryer   had   made   a   strong   electric   shoot   the   moment   i   turned   it   on ,   plus   i   was   using   it   in   low   tepmreture   and   it   melted   the   front   cover   and   it   was   very   hot ,   wont   recomend   it .
powerful   this   dryer   is   soooo   powerful   and   dries   hair   very   quickly ,   which   is   the   point ,   i   understand .   my   only   complaint   is   that   its   so   powerful   that   the   little   attachment   tools   get   blown   off   very   easily   and   i   find   that   very   frustrating .   im   learning   to   dry   my   hair   w   o   the   benefit   of   those   little   diffusers .   not   so   bad   but   for   the   money   they   should   have   them   screw   on   instead   of   just   popping   on   so   that   they   wouldn   t   blow   away   like   they   do .
love   this !   this   is   an   amazing   product .   it   leaves   both   hands   free   to   do   your   hear .   i   have   my   on   my   mirror   and   it   has   not   fallen   off   in   the   2   months   i   have   had   this   product .   i   am   very   pleased .   this   is   also   great   for   someone   missing   an   arm   or   someone   who   does   not   have   full   use   of   both   arms .
great   except   lever   snapped   i   love   this   product .   this   is   truly   an   excellent   thing   to   have   for   anyone   who   blow   dries   their   hair .   i   hate   holding   my   arms   above   my   head   for   prolonged   periods   and   found   this   by   searching   for   a   product   to   hold   my   hair   dryer .   my   one   complaint   is   that   the   lever   that   snaps   closed   when   you   attach   the   suction   cup ... it   snapped   in   half   on   the   second   time   of   use .   it   seems   the   shape   of   the   lever   makes   it   weak   in   the   middle   poor   design   on   that   part   of   it .   i   am   still   able   to   attach   it   however   by   using   a   washcloth   to   hold   the   jagged   edge   when   clamping   the   lever   down .   other   than   that ,   the   product   is   nice   looking   and   functionally   excellent .
going   to   order   a   second   one .   because   i   m   now   walking   too   far   to   use   this   one .   i   m   pretty   lazy .   i   will   avoid   excess   walking   at   most   costs .   my   ass   can   prove   it .   br   so ,   we   needed   a   new   hair   dryer   for   the   changing   table   we   dry   off   our   baby   after   we   use   wet   wipes   on   her   butt ,   and   after   she   gets   a   bath   ,   and   we   had   to   have   one   that   was   fast   and   could   have   a   34   just   warm   34   setting .   this   one   is   so   good   that   i   find   myself   walking   from   one   end   of   the   house   to   the   other   in   the   morning   to   dry   my   own   hair   at   the   changing   table .   without   a   mirror ,   no   less .   it   s   that   good .   so   i   just   need   to   get   a   second   one   now   because   i   can   t   keep   this   extra   activity   up .   br   oh ,   and   it   s   loud   i   don   t   know   how   they   d   make   one   that   isn   t   ,   but   i   love   the   4   settings   cool   slow ,   warm   fast ,   hot   slow ,   and   hotter   fast   and   it   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   as   my   old   crappy   one   does .   even   though   it   has   the   same   wattage .   br   i   also   like   the   fact   that   it   s   white .   even   if   the   cord   isn   t   that   s   actually   annoying   to   someone   like   me   who   bought   a   white   hair   dryer   because   there   are   only   bright   colors   in   the   nursery ....   and   now   i   have   an   unsightly   black   cord   sticking   out   like   a   sore   thumb   .   i   guess   you   can   t   have   it   all .
it   is   not   strong   enough !   doesn   t   blow   enough   air ,   i   need   to   buy   a   better   one .   great   size   and   i   did   not   have   to   wait   too   long   to   get   it .
great   for   travel !   i   travel   all   over   the   place .   this   is   a   great   dryer !   it   packs   well ,   dries   well ,   and   works   in   all   countries .
love   this   hair   dryer !   this   hair   dryer   is   great   it   s   lightweight   and   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   of   all   other   hair   dryers   i   ve   used .
thanks   thanks   successfully   received   good   product ,   i   hope   very   soon   make   a   new   purchase   with   you .   ......   ....   ....   ..   .
it   will   collapse   on   your   head   often   i   ve   finally   decided   to   replace   this   dryer .   for   the   past   few   months   i   ve   been   making   do   with   it   because   i   don   t   have   the   receipt   to   return   it .   this   dryer   hood   does   not   click   into   place   and   is   not   height   adjustable .   i   will   say   again   this   dryer   hood   does   not   click   into   place   and   is   not   height   adjustable .   once   it   is   set   up   you   must   slide   this   terribly   inadequate   plastic   catch   up   the   back   of   the   hood   to   hold   it   in   place .   oh   and   you   have   to   do   that   after   you   are   sitting   under   it .   so   you   have   to   reach   up   over   and   behind   your   head   and   the   hood   to   fix   notice   i   didnt   say   lock   the   hood   in   place .   if   you   set   it   up   before   you   sit   under   it   and   happen   to   tip   it   ever   so   slightly   it   will   collapse .   if   you   so   much   as   sneeze   while   under   this   dryer   the   hood   will   fall   and   hit   you   in   the   face .   i   have   not   used   it   one   time   without   this   happening .   i   miss   my   lady   daisy   terribly   and   this   dryer   makes   me   miss   it   more .   this   dryer   is   also   very   loud .   like   shop   vac   loud   with   a   strained   whistle   going   at   the   same   time .   it   s   just   that   bad .   i   wish   i   never   purchased   it   and   can   t   wait   to   replace   it .   if   you   need   cheap   heat   this   is   fine .   if   you   are   a   die   hard   at   home   roller   setter   wrapper   deep   conditioner   wet   setter   braid   setter   twist   outer   style   molder   colorer   then   please   spend   a   few   extra   coins   for   a   better   dryer .
good   product   if   you   are   looking   for   a   good   quality   hair   dryer   without   too   many   hairstyle   requirements . it   is   a   good   choice .   you   have   different   choices   of   heat .   anyway ,   it   meets   my   requirement .
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   compact ,   folds   up ,   has   a   retractable   cord   and   is   powerful .   my   husband   loves   the   sleek   design   and   the   compactability .
great   blow   dryer   this   is   a   great   blow   dryer   for   the   price   although   i   would   like   it   if   the   cord   was   a   bit   longer .
love   this   dryer   i   love   this   dryer .   i   haven   t   had   any   problems   with   it   at   all   and   i   ve   been   using   it   for   a   few   months .   i   love   the   diffuser   and   the   concentrator .   when   my   previous   ionic   dryer   died   after   ten   years ,   i   had   to   use   a   regular   1875   watt   dryer   for   a   few   days   and   it   was   awful !   this   dryer   is   faster   and   does   not   cause   frizz   or   flyaway   like   a   regular   dryer .   i   haven   t   had   any   issues   with   it   getting   too   hot   or   attachments   popping   off   as   mentioned   in   a   few   other   reviews .   i   also   haven   t   had   any   issues   with   the   nonslip   coating   peeling   or   anything   like   that   but   i   put   the   dryer   away   after   each   use   so   it   is   not   out   on   the   counter   getting   sprayed   with   perfumes   and   hairsprays   etc .   i   would   definitely   purchase   this   product   again   and   highly   recommend   it .
fast   drying   time   all   i   know   is   i   straighten   my   hair   almost   every   day   now   because   instead   of   the   old   8   minutes   of   drying   time ,   this   hair   dryer   gets   my   hair   completely   dry   in   2   1   2   minutes !   i   love   the   retractable   cord   and   it   s   small ,   sleek   size .   great   buy   for   the   price !
three   days   of   use   this   was   purchased   for   a   trip   to   italy   in   february .   indeed ,   i   am   a   woman   who   plans   ahead .   i   used   it   sunday ,   monday   and   tuesday ,   but   on   wednesday   it   blew   out   and   i   had   to   go   to   the   grocery   store   to   buy   a   new   one ,   more   powerful ,   that   worked   very   well   and   cost   the   same .   don   t   waste   your   money .
great ! !   expensive   but   worth   every   penny .   professional   hair   dryer   with   professional   results .   cuts   time   spent   in   the   bathroom   drying   my   hair
chi   vs .   hot   tools   i   absolutely   love   this   blow   dryer   and   the   attatchments ,   i   usually   buy   chi   for   my   blow   dryer   but   the   last   one   shorted   out   within   a   year   so   i   decided   on   trying   hot   tools   and   i   was   in   love .   multiple   settings   so   you   can   dry   style   your   hair   just   right   and   the   attachments   work   great   for   stying   my   bangs   and   straighening   with   the   blow   dryer .   i   would   definitely   buy   hot   tools   and   recommend   this   blow   dryer   to   anyone .
number   2   for   me !   this   conair   wallmount   dryer   with   led   night   light   was   my   second   purchase .   my   first   conair   served   and   lasted   me   a   long   time ,   therefore ,   there   was   no   question   that   i   needed   and   wanted   to   have   it   replaced   with   one   of   the   same .
high   heat   and   working   retractable   cord   it   s   about   time   there   s   a   nice   working   hair   dryer   that   pumps   out   the   heat   to   dry   hair   quick .   i   m   a   guy   with   short   hair   and   this   dryer   does   the   job   in   2   3   minutes .   the   dryer   has   a   heavy   and   solid   feel   to   it .   not   like   the   light   plastic   feeling   dryers .   also ,   the   retractable   cord   actually   works !
working   very   well   so   far   i   ve   traditionally   purchased   conair   brand   hair   dryers   most   recently ,   the   conair   eco   hair   dryer ,   which   no   longer   appears   to   be   available   .   i   needed   to   purchase   a   new   one   quickly ,   saw   this   one   in   a   local   store ,   and   picked   it   up .   br   br   this   dryer   has   several   very   nice   features .   first ,   it   has   three   heat   settings   hot ,   warm ,   cool   plus   two   strength   settings   low   and   high   .   in   addition ,   you   have   the   option   of   boost   the   air   flow   with   the   turbo   button   and   also   using   the   cool   shot   button   to   set   your   style .   i   have   found   that   what   works   best   for   me   is   to   mostly   dry   my   hair   on   the   high   heat   high   power   setting ,   then   go   down   to   the   low   power   for   a   minute   or   two   of   styling .   using   this   method ,   i   am   able   to   complete   my   overall   drying   time   significantly   more   quickly   than   with   my   old   hair   dryer .   this   dryer   s   nozzle   is   a   bit   longer   than   that   of   my   old   dryer ,   meaning   that   i   bumped   my   head   the   first   few   times   i   used   it ,   but   i   quickly   got   used   to   this .   for   a   larger   dryer ,   i   find   it   to   be   relatively   lightweight   and   relatively   quiet   as   well .   br   br   another   feature   of   this   dryer   is   the   removable   back   to   allow   you   to   clean   the   lint   screen   although   i   was   attracted   to   this   concept ,   i   am   unable   to   get   the   back   off !   perhaps   we   just   have   a   dud ,   but   it   simply   does   not   move .   also ,   i   should   mention   that   the   attachment   is   huge .   i   hadn   t   really   planned   on   using   it   anyway ,   but   when   i   did   try   to   snap   it   on   to   the   dryer ,   i   could   not   get   it   on   easily .   br   br   overall ,   i   have   have   been   quite   happy   with   this   hair   dryer   i   just   wish   the   back   would   come   off .   my   final   rating   is   4   1   2   stars .   br   br   edited   4   1   13   good   news   i   was   able   to   get   the   back   off   this   morning !   it   seems   like   it   just   suddenly   came   unstuck   when   i   tried   it   again   after   many   tries   .   i   was   able   to   clean   the   filter   and   put   the   back   back   on ,   and   now   it   comes   off   easily   with   a   slight   turn   clockwise .   still   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer !
perfect   so   far .   my   wife   s   blower   was   sounding   like   a   tractor   so   we   knew   it   was   time .   found   this   very   inexpensive   blower   but   ordered   it   because   of   the   great   ratings .   it   s   just   the   right   size ,   has   lot   s   of   power   and   at   7.77 ,   you   can   t   beat   the   price .   she   had   purchased   one   for   30   at   a   local   store   before   we   found   this   one ,   but   fortunately   hadn   t   used   it   and   was   able   to   do   a   return .   one   great   feature   is   that   the   rear   inlet   screen   can   be   totally   removed   to   clean   out   the   lint .   great   deal .
hair   brush   have   used   this   for   many   years   and   can   t   live   without   it .   happy   to   have   found   it ,   will   continue   ordering   it   whenever   needed .   br   thanks .
the   high   heat   doesn   t   work   not   recommend   this   one .   it   was   broken   when   arrive .   this   one   dries   my   hair   in   a   really   really   slow   way ! !
wife   loves   it   as   long   as   my   wife   loves   it ... i   m   happy .   she   loves   red   and   finally   she   has   one   with   all   the   features   she   desires   in   a   hair   dryer .
so   far   its   working   good   it   seems   to   be   doing   its   job   so   i   can   t   complain .   i   don   t   really   use   a   hair   dryer   too   often   and   i   m   sure   there   is   a   lot   better   choices   out   there   but   for   the   price   and   the   size   easy   to   pack   it   seems   it   is   a   good   investment .   i   would   recommend .
nice   product .   can   t   complain   about   the   quality   of   this   product .   it   s   very   much   appreciated   around   here .   everyone   is   using   it   to   dry   their   hair .
great   handy   item ! !   this   is   a   1600   watt   dryer   with   2   fan   speeds !   heats   up   quick   and   is   very   handy   mounted   on   the   bathroom   wall ,   which ,   was   very   easy   to   do   with   the   supplied   screws .
revlon   rvdr5034   1875w   turbo   dryer   i   am   very   happy   with   this   dryer .   i   like   the   fact   that   it   s   light   weight   but   does   the   job .   shipping   was   very   fast .   this   will   be   great   for   traveling .
so   far   so   good   just   got   it   and   works   great   so   far   but   then   the   first   i   got   also   worked   but   just   after   1   year   started   to   spark   and   smoke .   not   a   lot   of   use .   thought   i   would   give   sunbeam   one   more   try .   will   update   later .
doesn   t   get   hot   enough   this   hairdryer   is   pretty   but   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   to   dry   my   medium   length   hair .   keeping   it   but   wouldn   t   reccomend   it   to   anyone .
i   like   this   hair   blower !   i   used   this   blower   last   year   when   i   stayed   at   a   marriott   hotel .   i   needed   a   new   blower   at   that   time   and   found   it   on   amazon .   it   works   fine   and   i   have   no   complaints .
dries   my   hair   fast   and   it   is   light   makes   my   hair   shinier   and   it   maintains   the   keratin   treatment .   it   is   lighter   than   the   one   i   had   before .   it   is   not   small ,   so   that   s   a   disadvantage   if   you   are   traveling .   but   it   is   powerful .   recommend   it
best   hair   dryer ! ! !   i   have   been   using   drugstore   brand   revlon ,   clairol ,   etc   hair   dryers   for   years .   recently ,   i   found   that   no   matter   what   brand   i   bought ,   the   heat   would   go   from   hot   to   cold   and   the   dryer   took   forever   to   dry   my   hair .   i   decided   to   upgrade   to   a   higher   end   dryer   and   am   so   thankful   i   did .   this   dryer   cuts   the   drying   time   in   half   and   my   hair   is   not   frizzy .   i   just   went   away   for   the   weekend   and   every   single   one   of   my   girlfriends   asked   to   borrow   my   hair   dryer   and   are   now   buying   one .   br   br   the   dryer   is   a   bit   heavier   than   the   drugstore   brands   but   it   s   also   twice   as   powerful .   the   buttons   do   take   a   minute   to   get   used   to ,   but   after   a   day   they   shouldn   t   be   an   issue   anymore .   br   br   i   and   my   girlfriends   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone .   i   won   t   ever   go   back   to   the   34   cheapies   34   again .
great   product   dries   fast   and   leaves   my   hair   shiny   and   straight .   its   a   little   loud ,   but   it   puts   out   a   lot   of   air   so   i   guess   that   is   to   be   expected .
does   the   job .   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   3   years   now ,   it   still   works   well ,   does   the   job .   there   s   nothing   super   fancy   about   it ,   i   just   like   the   color ,   had   decent   reviews   and   i   like   having   a   retractable   cord .
solid   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   has   a   good   weight   and   feel .   solid   consistant   heat   at   different   settings ...   a   great   buy   at   a   great   price .
hard   to   handle   this   is   a   bulky   and   hard   to   handle   hairdryer .   it   would   get   to   hot .   i   sent   it   back   for   a   refund .   i   don   t   recommend   it .
indispensible ! !   love   the   small   but   powerful   size .   used   virtually   daily   for   5   years   and   just   wore   out .   i   immediately   ordered   an   identical   replacement   .   no   clutter   on   countertop ,   cord   hanger ,   just   a   great   unit .
it   s   good   i   do   wish   the   cold   shot   button   was   colder   and   the   blower   was   stronger   but   overall   it   s   nice   and   when   i   use   it ,   it   does   well   enough .
t3   bespoke   labs   83888   se   special   edition   evolutionprofessional   iionic   ceramic   tourmaline   hair   dryer   i   was   not   too   happy   with   this   hair   dryer .   it   s   a   nice   hair   dryer   but   doesn   t   blow   very   hard   and   it   takes   me   longer   to   do   my   hair .   i   have   a   hana   professional   hair   dryer   that   is   ten   times   the   hair   dryer   this   one   is .   i   would   say   it   s   a   fairly   good   deal   for   the   price .   i   gave   200   for   my   hana   professional   and   it   is   still   my   favorite   hair   dryer . i   m   mainly   using   the   t3   bespoke   hair   dryer   for   a   back   up .
good   choice   we   were   looking   for   a   replacement   for   our   hair   dryer   that   died .   it   needed   to   be   powerful   for   long   hair .   this   one   does   the   job .
extra   this   is   just   a   regular   hairdryer   ordered   as   a   second   dryer   to   have   on   hand   in   case   i   need   it
best   blowdryer   out   there !   my   mom   had   this   blowdryer   and   i   fell   in   love !   it   s   very   powerful   and   dries   your   hair   super   fast !   worth   the   money !
like   it   i   like   it   very   much .   it   styles   my   hair   as   i   expected .   i   d   recommend   buying   it .   just   a   really   minor   issue   the   air   from   the   head   gets   really   hot ,   need   to   be   careful .
blo   go   it   took   me   a   minute   to   figure   out   which   way   to   actually   use   the   thing   but   now   that   i   ve   got   it   i   love   it .
wife   loves   this ..   thank   you   for   having   this   available   for   me   to   purchase   at   a   decent   price !   a   welcome   addition   to   my   wife   s   beautiy   gadgets .
hair   dryer   like   the   size   and   shape .   the   only   thing   wrong   the   retract   cord   doesn   t   work .   didn   t   last   long ,   otherwise   very   nice
andis   hair   dryer   this   is   exactly   like   one   i   used   in   a   luxury   hotel .   i   was   so   impressed   with   it   that   i   had   to   have   one   of   my   own .
great   for   hands   free   drying   purchased   this   for   during   my   recovery   from   shoulder   surgery .   we   used   the   anchors   and   screws   to   permanently   attach   this   to   the   wall .   now   after   recovery ,   i   still   use   this   when   i   want   a   great   looking   salon   style   blow   out   of   my   long   hair .   i   wish   i   had   purchased   this   years   ago ,   as   it   makes   styling   my   below   shoulder   length   hair   super   easy .
mom   loves   it   bought   it   for   her   for   the   birthday .   it   is   worth   spending   the   extra   couple   of   bucks   over   the   other   ones .   makes   a   racket   but   they   all   do .   the   thing   i   read   about   it   being   hard   to   get   to   the   buttons   is   kind   of   ridiculous .   they   are   not   difficult   to   push   avoid   pushing   unless   you   have   the   most   sausage   of   sausage   fingers .   apparently   does   not   dry   out   her   hair   or   the   dogs   hair   for   that   matter .
liked   it   so   much   bought   two   i   had   use   one   many   times   in   hotels ,   when   i   found   out   i   could   order   one , i   ordered   two .   br   i   love   mine , lot   of   power   ,   blows   hair   dry   great ,   i   am   glad   i   buy   two .
great   product   great   price   for   a   great   product .   has   a   small   light   that   turns   on   while   your   bathroom   light   is   off ,   i   would   highly   recommend   it .
love   it !   love   this   blow   dryer !   does   exactly   what   it   says ... dries   fast   with   less   frizz !   lighter   weight   and   quiet   motor ,   too .   would   definitely   recommend ! !
so   so   it   works   fine ,   i   am   buying   a   new   one .   i   thought   this   would   be   fine   for   work   but   as   it   turns   out ,   its   rather   loud ,   has   no   heat   settings ,   and   the   concentrator   falls   off .....
great !   i   ve   had   it   for   over   2   months   and   love   it   so   far !   i   have   no   problems   with   the   nozzle   falling   off ,   it   blows   my   hair   dry   in   1   2   the   time   it   took   before ,   and   my   hair   feels   so   much   softer !   i   love   it !
i   love   this   dryer   great   value   we   use   this   in   our   guest   rooms   at   four   seasons   i   recently   bought   it   for   the   gym   since   it   s   a   full   size   but   you   are   able   to   fold   the   handle .   it   s   really   quiet   and   powerful   great   value   too .   the   retractable   cord   is   also   great   esp .   for   travel .
no   more   frizz   i   have   never   had   a   ionic   hairdryer ... i   have   no   more   frizz   after   i   blow   my   hair   out .   i   have   for   years   used   conditioner   thinking   this   would   help   with   the   frizzing   but   i   had   no   conditioner   and   my   hair   was   just   like   at   the   salon   with   no   frizz .
works   great !   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   about   6   months   now   and   it   works   great .   the   night   light   is   still   on   and   works   fine .
updated   1   year   review .... dangerous   product   update   2nd   order   br   as   below ,   i   ordered   a   second   replacement .   we   got   less   than   a   year   out   of   this   one   before   the   sparks   started   flying   again .   yes ,   we   kept   it   clear   of   lint   etc .   it   has   an   easy   to   remove   cap   to   do   this   and   the   thing   does   not   get   daily   use .   how   one   can   last   3   years   and   the   next   only   a   year   is   beyond   me .   i   gave   them   a   second   chance .... but   no   more .   one   spark   in   the   eye   could   ruin   your   vision   for   life .   dangerous   product   to   say   the   least .   br   br   purchased   this   in   2009   and   since   the   sparks   started   flying   out   of   the   dryer   this   week   i   decided   to   leave   a   review .   it   s   worked   flawless   until   today .   my   wife   was   drying   her   hair   and   sparks   started   coming   out   the   end .   this   has   happened   before   with   other   dryers   thus   the   reason   for   my   4   star   review .   i   m   buying   another   one   as   it   will   match   the   holes   on   the   wall   that   are   already   there   and   it   s   been   a   nice   small   hair   dryer .... and   for   the   price ,   can   t   beat   it   lasting   3   years .   not   too   concerned   about   the   sparks   as   the   heating   wires   over   time   get   thin   from   all   the   heat ... it   s   almost   something   you   expect   to   happen   and   no   one   was   hurt   in   the   process .   overall   a   nice   compact   good   looking   unit .
wall   mounted   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   exactly   what   we   ve   been   looking   for   and   this   is   the   only   place   we   were   able   to   find   it .   it   was   easy   to   order ,   and   the   shipping   time   was   short .   i   will   probably   order   again   from   amazon . com .
ahhhhh   mazing ! ! ! ! ! !   it   is   a   good   thing   that   my   limited   edition   revlon   blow   dryer   broke   after   only   6   months .   because   i   replaced   it   with   the   john   frieda   full   volume   blow   dryer   this   morning   and   i   was   simply   stunned   at   the   difference   in   quality .   i   have   had   many   brands   of   blow   dryers   over   the   years   and   it   has   always   taken   me   at   least   10   minutes   to   completely   blow   dry   my   very   thick   hair .   however   this   john   frieda   blow   dryer   took   my   very   thick ,   shoulder   length   hair   from   soaking   wet   to   bone   dry   and   ready   for   hot   rollers   in   three   minutes !   yes ,   you   read   that   right ...   three   minutes !   this   blow   dryer   is   going   to   save   me   so   much   time   when   i   am   in   a   hurry   and   trying   to   get   out   the   door .   it   is   worth   every   single   penny   and   then   some .   i   love ,   love ,   love   this   blow   dryer   and   highly   recommend   it !
i   m   psyched ! ! !   i   hardly   ever   write   reviews   of   products   i   can   t   even   remember   the   last   one   i   wrote .   however ,   i   m   pretty   inspired   right   now .   this   dryer   has   cut   my   styling   time   to   less   than   half   of   what   it   s   always   been .   it   s   not   frizzy ,   so   i   m   not   doing   tons   of   follow   up   flat   ironing .   and ,   the   most   important   part   is   that   my   ridiculously   thick   hair   is   completely   dry   when   i   m   finished .   br   br   now ,   it   remains   to   be   seen   how   long   this   hairdryer   will   hold   up ,   but   for   now ,   i   m   pretty   sure   this   is   the   best   purchase   i   ve   made   in   years .
andis   rc2   iconic   hair   dryer   i   wash   and   dry   my   hair   everyday .   i   used   this   hair   dryer   in   a   hotel   and   loved   it !   i   ve   been   searching   for   a   good   hair   dryer   that   didn   t   break   the   bank   for   years .   my   husband   also   commented   that   it   drys   my   hair   quicker .   it   leaves   my   hair   so   soft .   my   hairdresser   even   said   i   must   be   doing   something   right .   the   retractable   cord   is   great .   and ,   i   love   the   folding   handle   for   travel .
best   hair   dryer   for   the   money   i   have   curly   hair   and   this   hair   dryer   has   a   cold   setting   which   helps   to   keep   my   curls   from   being   frizzy .   my   last   hair   dryer   did   not   have   a   cold   setting   but   just   a   freeze   type   button .   i   actually   wore   out   the   button   so   i   needed   to   purchase   a   new   hair   dryer .   i   like   that   this   dryer   does   not   have   a   flimsy ,   lightweight   feel .   i   also   love   that   it   is   black   with   pink   accents .   i   am   very   glad   i   purchased   this   product .
nice   do   not   underestimate   the   size   of   this   dryer .   my   goodness   this   dryer   is   hottttt .   i   have   weave   in   my   hair   and   i   decided   to   wash   it   and   lord   this   dryer   dried   the   hair   within   10   15minutes .   i   really   really   really   like   it   and   for   the   price ,   you   can   t   beat   that .   what   more   could   you   ask   for .
amazing   great   product .   it   dries   my   hair   super   fast .   a   friend   of   mine   has   had   hers   for   years   and   i   am   hoping   to   as   well !
love   it   so   much !   i   have   been   using   it   for   almost   3   years !   i   don   t   have   anything   negative   to   say   about   it !   love   that   it   has   different   speed   and   heat   settings .   if   anyone   complains   it   is   too   big   or   heavy ,   well ,   i   ve   got   to   say   this   is   not   a   portable   hair   dryer .
i   liked   this   dryer   its   just   what   i   wanted . and   i   am   happy   with   it .   there   is   nothing   more   that   i   can   say   about   this   dryer   with   the   exception   that   it   is   working   very   well .
wonderful   hair   dryer !   not   too   loud ,   toggle   switch   is   a   nice   feature ,   and   most   importantly ...   you   can   hold   onto   the   34   head   34   of   the   dryer   without   worrying   about   it   getting   too   hot .   i   never   like   to   hold   the   dryer   from   the   designated   handle   region ,   so   this   was   a   really   nice   feature .   good   price   too .   i   used   to   use   the   babybliss   dryers ,   but   found   they   were   too   powerful   for   my   hair ,   so   i   opted   for   this   product ,   and   i   love   it !
great   little   dryer !   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .   love   the   retractable   cord   and   the   folding   handle !   sturdy   unit   with   good   power .   would   definately   recommend !
love   it !   this   has   to   be   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   used .   my   hair   is   thick   and   tends   to   get   frizzy   after   i   blow   dry   it .   but   with   this   dryer   my   hair   is   shinny   and   healthy   looking   rather   then   looking   like   i   stuck   my   finger   in   a   electric   socket .   it   dries   it   quickly   and   gives   it   a   more   styled   looked .   love   this   hair   dryer   and   would   recommend   it   to   anyone .
best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   used !   this   is   a   powerful ,   quick ,   perfect   hair   dryer .   definitely   recommend   it   for   salon   professionals .   the   price   is   unreal   ...   it   s   better   than   the   150   dollar   models   i   ve   had   in   the   past .
there   s   only   one   thing   wrong ...   i   would   prefer   a   separate   low ,   medium ,   high   switch   for   temperature   from   the   low , medium ,   high   for   the   fan .   this   has   a   single   low ,   medium ,   high   for   temp   fan ,   with   a   push   button   to   allow   for   no   heat ,   just   blown   air .   the   retractable   cord ,   and   folding   handle ,   though ,   are   the   real   pluses   that   save   the   day .
better   than   conair   as   its   a   lot   stronger   than   conair   s   hair   dryer   and   can   get   your   hair   dry   in   15   mins   i   have   waist   length   thick   wavy   hair   .   not   very   heavy   i   am   a   small   person   and   it   doesn   t   feel   heavy   in   my   hand   .   like   all   other   hair   dryers   it   does   dry   out   your   hair   and   damage   it .   if   you   use   it   on   the   highest   setting   and   for   longer   duration   like   25   mins ,   you   will   not   need   to   straighten   your   hair   too   much   as   this   itself   would   do   the   job .   however ,   unlike   the   straightener ,   this   will   keep   the   volume   of   your   hair .
hair   dryer   it   works   pretty   good   is   easy   to   hold   and   not   heavy   like   some   of   those   out   there . i   really   like   this .
this   unit   is   no   quieter   than   any   other   hair   dryer   i   ve   heard   except   when   it   s   off   other   than   that   it   s   fine .   i   have   one   other   minor   objection .   i   mounted   mine   in   the   leg   well   under   the   dressing   area   on   the   left   side .   there   one   can   see   the   led   light   leaking   out   the   bottom   of   the   cabinet   and   not   just   through   the   bezel   that   it   is   supposed   to .   the   light   leak   is   something   i   could   fix   with   rtv   silicon ,   i   just   haven   t   bothered .   a   better   design   would   include   a   case   that   fits   better   to   it   s   base   and   doesn   t   leak   light ,   and   would   also   only   have   the   light   on   when   it   s   dark   instead   of   all   the   time .   again ,   it   s   not   quiet .   we   bought   it   for   our   guest   bath ,   so   as   much   as   our   guests   stay   here   they   shouldn   t   go   deaf .   no   way   i   d   put   up   with   this   noise   if   it   was   our   primary .   this   unit   doesn   t   deserve   to   call   itself   quiet ,   so   if   you   need   quiet   keep   shopping .
not   the   best   hairdryer ..   it   only   has   two   intensity   levels ,   either   too   low   or   too   high   and   loud .   the   hairdryer   blew   off   the   electricity   in   my   apartment   twice !
revlon   rvdr5034   turbo   dryer   great   product .   my   daughter   uses   it   everyday ,   this   was   a   christmas   gift   and   it   s   getting   used ,   holding   up   just   fine .   shipment   was   fast   and   packaging   was   great .
hello   kitty   is   the   meow   i   have   used   the   same   hello   kitty   hair   dryer   almost   every   day   for   5   years .   it   is   light   weight   but   not   when   it   comes   to   heat   and   air .   i   have   thick   long   hair   and   it   dries   quickly   and   smoothly .   i   like   it   so   much   i   have   purchased   several   for   gran   daughters ,   girl   friends   and   once   as   a   bridal   shower   gift .   everyone   has   elaborated   on   how   much   they   like   this   product   and   a   few   have   carried   on   the   gift   choice   to   their   family   and   friends .   i   had   purchased   them   at   target   but   now ,   thanks   to   my   amazon   prime   shipping ,   i   don   t   have   to   purchase ,   then   spend   money   to   ship
nice   hair   dryer !   i   bought   it   because   it   s   not   very   expensive   and   free   shipping .   it   s   very   good   quality   and   not   so   so   big   .   only   thing   is   you   can   t   fold   it .
great   hair   drier .   too   bad   it   comes   in   a   search   for   220v   hair   drier   or   220   volt   hair   drier   i   hope   that   amazon   fixed   their   search   suggestions   after   i   had   to   return   this   one   with   the   related   comments .   br   my   wife   loved   it   and   has   a   similar   but   older   model   drier   that   still   works   for   5   years ,   i   think   .   br   br   anyway ,   i   was   looking   for   220   volt   drier   and   had   to   return   this   one   in   the   end
handy   travel   hair   dryer   i   gave   it   for   stars   because   it   is   noisy .   i   didn   t   use   it   very   much   on   my   last   trip ,   but   it   came   in   handy   for   drying   clothes   in   a   humid   climate .   it   s   also   handy   if   someone   is   in   the   bathroom   and   you   can   t   use   the   hotel   hair   dryer .   for   the   price ,   it   s   worth   keeping   one   in   my   suitcase .
hair   dryer   the   dryer   works   very   well .   dries   hair   quickly .   like   the   choice   of   settings   it   is   rather   large   so   not   suitable   for   travel
my   wife   is   very   pleased   can   now   dry   her   hair   in   5   minutes   well   the   subject   sais   it   all .   i   scored   big   on   this .   i   bought   it   because   of   the   reviews   and   i   hit   the   jackpot .   my   wife   spent   at   least   15   minutes   drying   her   hair   each   day .   my   daughter   has   reached   the   age   of   needing   to   dry   her   hair   each   day   so   sharing   the   20   target   special   had   become   a   real   hassle .   br   br   the   first   morning   my   wife   used   it   she   was   simply   amazed   how   well   it   did .   she   thought   it   might   be   a   little   hot   for   my   daughter   age   11   but   she   was   not   sure .   we   just   gave   her   the   cheap   hair   dryer   and   my   wife   is   using   this   one .   i   assume   this   will   hold   up   well   over   time .   if   we   have   any   mechanical   problems   or   anything   negative   develops   then   i   will   edit   this   review   and   add   the   updated   information .   i   give   it   2   thumbs   up !
compact   but   could   be   quieter   i   was   surprised   to   find   that   the   item   was   not   as   quiet   as   claimed .   that   was   the   feature   i   was   looking   for .
best   hair   dryer   for   the   money !   i   love   this   hair   dryer   so   much   that   i   purchased   two   more   to   give   to   my   daughters   for   xmas .   it   is   the   most   powerful   hair   dryer   available   with   2000   watts .   it   s   a   professional   dryer   with   a   low   price .
conair   bonnet   hair   dryer   i   like   the   price ,   the   compactness   of   it   and   it   is   easy   to   travel   with .   i   would   definitely   recommend   it   to   my   friends .
  shipped   super   quick ! !   the   speeds   in   the   dryer   are   extremely   convenient   esp   love   the   cooling   button   has   no   heat   at   all   unlike   many   dryers   tht   even   with   the   cooling   button ,   the   air   is   still   sort   of   warm
highly   recommended   i   bought   a   tescom   hair   dryer   almost   10   years   ago   from   a   japanese   chain   that   is   locally   owned   where   i   live ,   very   similar   to   this   one   except   without   the   extra   styling   attachment .   that   had   been   the   best   hair   dryer   i   had   owned ,   and   the   american   market   doesn   t   have   any   nothing   of   the   same   quality   at   least   as   the   one   i   d   had .   so   after   a   good   nearly   10   years ,   the   tescom   retired   itself   and   i   needed   a   replacement .   i   did   a   search   for   the   same   brand   and   several   panasonics   came   up .   panasonic   in   japan   makes   great   quality   products   so   after   a   little   searching   and   looking   through   reviews   i   ordered   this   model   mainly   because   of   the   adjustable   styling   brush   and   it   was   dual   voltage   i   d   hate   to   have   to   get   a   voltage   converter   for   something   that   is   everyday   use   .   this   hair   dryer   is   way   better   than   the   one   i   d   had   for   so   long   and   i   love   it !   great   for   styling   my   bangs   and   giving   my   layers   a   little   bit   of   body   and   slight   curl   at   the   ends .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   product   to   ladies   who   hate   having   to   try   and   style   their   hair   with   a   traditional   blow   dryer   and   a   round   brush .
very   pleased   this   hairdryer   works   particularly   well   for   my   fine   hair   in   that   it   does   not   34   overcook   34   it   as   there   are   multiple   settings   to   choose   from .   you   can   choose   from   3   heat   settings   as   well   as   3   force   settings ,   and   lastly   there   is   a   34   cool   shot   of   air   34   setting .   all   of   these   options   have   allowed   my   frequently   highlighted   hair   to   remain   somewhat   healthy   looking   as   opposed   to   the   blowdryers   that   use   maximum   heat   all   the   time .   i   would   definitely   recommend .
love   the   grippy   plastic   the   entire   body   of   this   dryer   is   a   matte ,   somewhat   grippy   plastic .   really   smart   feature .   br   br   everything   else   is   fine .   buttons ,   weight ,   loudness .   no   issues   at   all .   it   dries   hair   and   doesn   t   blow   out   eardrums   or   melt   cartilage .   br   br   can   t   write   about   the   long   term   reliability ,   because   i   ve   only   had   it   for   a   couple   of   weeks .   so   far ,   so   good .
fabulous   hair   dryer   the   hardest   part   of   having   your   old   hair   dryer   die   on   you   is   getting   used   to   a   new   one .   br   this   hair   dryer   is   fabulous   and   so   quiet   compared   to   my   old   one !
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   small   and   powerful ,   i   use   it   every   day .   the   34   hot   34   setting   is   definitely   hot   and   i   wouldn   t   necessarily   recommend   using   it   often   i   m   under   the   impression   that   is   bad   for   your   hair !   ,   though   i   admittedly   use   it   a   lot   when   i   m   running   late .   my   only   complaint   is   the   length   of   the   cord ,   it   s   ridiculously   too   short !
works   great !   i   was   actually   surprised .   my   hairdresser   recommended   a   home   unit   since   i   like   to   sit   under   her   hairdryer   and   read .   a   great   treat   at   home !
works   well   it   is   easy   to   use   and   works   great .   i   have   been   using   since   it   came   and   it   works   as   described .
good   little   unit   fast   blow   drying , travel   size ,   lightweight   and   great   price .   what   more   could   i   need   i   am   a   professional   hair   stylist ,   but   i   use   this   for   personal   drying .   works   or   me !
the   price   is   good   but   the   product   is   not   i   liked   the   price   of   this   hairdryer .   it   was   great   during   the   first   2   weeks   but   then   it   blew   off   and   stopped .
conair   1875   hair   dryer   even   better   than   the   revlon   version   i   had   before .   controls   are   easier   to   use   and   it   isn   t   too   heavy   in   my   hands .
nice   hair   dryer   this   is   typical   hair   drier   i   saw   all   the   time   at   my   fitness   center ,   nothing   fancy   but   a   work   horse ,   it   works   fine ,   and   it   s   reliable ,   that   s   all   i   was   looking   for .
great !   the   only   reason   i   gave   it   4   stars   was   because   i   had   a   better   hair   dryer   which   isn   t   fair   because   i   paid   double   the   price   for   it   .   i   bought   it   before   moving   to   london   for   its   dual   voltage   capabilities .   it   s   quite   lovely   with   its   folding   handle   and   its   cord   keeper .
sunbeam   hair   dryer   i   have   owned   a   few   of   these   before ,   same   style   and   model .   they   are   very   dependable .   i   love   having   them   mounted   on   the   wall   in   the   bathroom .
it   makes   my   hair   straight .   i   love   it   it   makes   my   hair   straight .   i   love   it .   the   smaller   nozzel   focuses   the   heat   where   i   want   it .   strong   and   powerful .
awesome   best   hair   dryer   ever .   it   reduces   my   drying   time   from   almost   1   hour   30   minutes   to   just   45   minutes ,   eliminating   all   frizz .
for   a   hair   raising   experience   try   this !   this   hair   dryer   works   extremely   well   and   folds   and   stores   neatly   in   a   drawer .   the   retractable   cord   is   easy   to   use   with   just   a   push   of   the   button .
dead   after   6   months   i   was   very   excited   when   i   saw   the   t3   featherweight   hair   dryer   featured   on   one   of   the   morning   shows .   lightweight   doesn   t   dry   out   hair   i   m   in !   i   have   had   the   dryer   for   less   than   6   months   and   the   motor   has   already   burnt   out .   br   br   ladies   and   gentlemen   ,   this   hair   dryer   is   a   featherweight   because   it   doesn   t   have   much   power   and   the   motor   is   less   than   optimal .   i   would   go   back   to   my   30   conair   anyday   after   spending   over   100   on   this   hair   dryer .   br   br   save   your   money   and   purchase   good   hair   produces !
def   packs   a   punch   it   is   tiny   little   thing .   pretty   much   doll   size   but   blows   stronger   than   my   normal   hair   dryer .   definitely   recommend   it .
i   love   this   item ! ! !   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer ! ! !   if   you   want   to   dry   your   wet   hair   quickly ,   dont   be   heisted ,   choose   this .
lasts   less   than   a   year   i   initially   really   liked   this   dryer .   i   liked   it   enough   that   i   bought   two ,   one   from   target   and   one   from   amazon .   it   s   been   a   litte   under   a   year   and   both   have   serious   problems .   one   no   longer   gets   very   warm ,   and   when   held   at   certain   angles   it   looses   power .   the   other   one   is   warm ,   but   the   speed   force   decreased   dramatically   a   few   months   ago ,   and   now   it   s   sparking   inside   while   i   use   it .   br   br   i   usually   expect   2   4   years   out   of   a   hair   dryer ,   and   for   me   to   have   two   of   these ,   for   less   than   one   year ,   speaks   very   poorly   of   the   line   of   dryers .
works   great !   dries   hair   fast !   i   love   how   light   weight   this   hair   dryer   is ,   and   how   quick   it   gets   my   hair   dry !   i   have   curly   hair   and   it   does   not   make   it   frizz .   love   it !
great   great   product .   arrived   on   time   as   it   said   it   would   no   complaints   0  
great   product   i   typically   don   t   use   hair   dryers ,   but   i   initially   bought   this   product   because   i   was   sick   and   tired   of   my   hair   being   wet   when   i   left   for   work   especially   during   winter   .   br   br   my   wife   used   this   one   time   and   loved   it   so   much ,   that   she   has   now   started   to   use   it   herself !   one   day ,   she   used   her   old   one   i   guess   to   compare   power   and   dry   time   and   it   now   seems   incredibly   weak .   my   caution   is   that   this   hair   dryer   will   become   the   standard   by   which   you   judge   all   other   dryers !   br   br   important   note   for   those   of   you   who   buy   this   and   don   t   typically   use   hair   dryers ,   there   is   no   directions   that   tell   you   that   the   34   fan   button   34   has   to   be   turned   on ,   and   then   the   heat   button .   the   heat   button   does   not   start   it   by   itself .
small ,   yet   powerful   i   had   similar   1875w   revlon   before ,   this   one   is   slightly   smaller .   the   air   blow   out   got   the   same   feeling   and   speed   of   heating   up .   for   a   hair   dryer ,   it   works   ...
i   had   always   bought   cheap   hairdryers   before ...   this   one   taught   me   the   error   of   my   ways .   power   drying   much   better .   sturdy   construction   and   really   nice   texture .   too   won   t   slide   off   the   counter .   very   much   worth   a   bit   more   money   to   get   a   quality   piece   of   equipment .
wall   mount   hair   dryer   saves   space   i   ordered   this   one   to   replace   the   broken   one ,   br   i   installed   this   product   mainly   to   save   the   space ,   br   but   it   is   not   durable ,   the   spring   latch   and   circuit   br   in   the   old   one   broken ,   it   should   last   longer .   br   but   overall ,   this   product   saves   space .
hair   dryer   review   i   have   used   this   dryer   several   times .   i   like   the   settings   and   also   the   fact   that   it   isn   t   too   heavy   for   it   s   size .   also ,   the   price   was   right   and   it   had   other   good   reviews .
didnt   receive   up   to   now   i   have   not   received   this   product .   one   attempt   was   made   to   deliver   the   product   and   no   more . now   the   product   that   i   really   need   is   apparently   on   its   way   back   to   the   seller   according   to   fedex .   i   m   very   very   disappointed   to   say   the   least .
tourmaline   professional   ionic   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   seems   to   work   well   for   all   hair   types .   it   blows   hot   and   helps   with   coarse   or   unruly   hair   types .
a   replacement   when   my   25   year   old   hairdryer   bit   the   dust ,   i   needed   a   new   one   quickly .   br   this   fit   my   budget   and   works ,   but   is   not   as   powerful   as   my   other   one .   br   i   have   short   hair   so   it   is   not   a   problem ,   but   for   long   hair   i   don   t   think   it   has   enough   heat .
this   newer   model   is   not   the   folding   older   model .   both   work   excellently   though   when   i   ordered   this   styler   i   thought   i   was   getting   the   older   one   that   folds .   the   two   models   look   very   similar   i   would   think   they   are   the   same   unless   i   look   very   closely   at   the   picture .   the   reason   why   i   was   getting   an   extra   one   was   because   i   was   very   satisfied   with   the   old   model   light ,   small ,   dual   voltage ,   strong .   br   br   this   newer   model   works   the   same   and   looks   the   same .   it   just   doesn   t   fold .   the   folding   one   is   actually ,   imho ,   easier   to   bring   when   traveling .
andis   hair   dryer   i   have   been   ordering   andis   wall   dryers   for   a   while .   this   one   was   smaller   than   the   one   i   had   before ,   which   is   good   in   a   small   bathroom .   i   m   very   pleased   with   the   temperature   and   ease   of   using .
amazing !   love   love   love   this   item .   the   heat   control   is   amazing !   dries   my   very   curly   hair   extremely   fast   leaves   it   soft   and   shiny .   a   must   have !
great ,   love   the   night   light !   i   put   this   in   a   rental   condo   and   it   is   terrific .   the   led   night   light   is   a   wonderful   feature   to   the   unit .
amazing   dryer   great   for   at   home   or   salon   used !   i   gave   it   as   a   present   to   one   of   my   clients   that   needed   a   dryer !
perfect   it   works   perfect .   it   is   a   really   cheap   product .   it   is   lake   a   professional   hair   dryer ,   with   ac   motor ,   2200   w   and   tourmalina .
nice   professional   hair   dryer   the   dryer   works   great .   bought   this   as   a   present   for   my   wife .   had   a   rough   time   assembling   it   b   c   the   screws   supplied   didn   t   fit   or   screw   nicely   in   the   holes   provided   for   the   base .   i   quick   trip   to   the   hardware   store   to   buy   some   better   fitting   screws   seemed   to   do   the   trick   nicely .   br   other   than   that   everything   was   as   expected .
this   hairdryer   means   business   i   have   wavy   hair   and   had   pretty   much   given   up   trying   to   get   it   straight   on   a   regular   basis   when   i   use   this   dryer   it   not   only   gets   straight ,   but   stays   that   way   for   the   day .   now   i   can   at   least   approximate   the   look   i   have   coming   out   of   a   salon   love   it !
perfect   for   my   fine   hair   expensive ,   yes ,   but   very   much   worth   it !   after   my   last   hair   dryer   croaked   i   read   many   reviews   and   ordered   the   highly   rated   revlon   tourmaline   ionic   hair   dryer .   that   one   actually   took   curl   and   body   out   of   my   hair   and   left   it   limp   and   hard   to   style .   so   i   went   hunting   for   a   non   ionic   dryer   and   chose   this   one ,   not   at   all   sure   i   was   happy   paying   75   for   a   hair   dryer .   but   i   am   indeed   happy   and   would   gladly   buy   it   again .   styles   my   hair   nicely   with   no   frizz .   i   ve   used   it   for   more   than   3   years   and   it   still   works   perfectly .   the   only   flaw   is   some   bare   spots   where   the   color   scratched   off   in   putting   the   dryer   in   and   out   of   a   drawer   not   that   i   care   one   whit   about   the   paint   job   on   my   hair   dryer .   i   ve   rated   it   four   stars   rather   than   five   simply   because   it   s   large .
good   for   occasional   use   too   small   for   rollers ,   but   great   for   conditioning ,   gloss ,   semi   permanent   color ,   etc .   bonnet   is   the   size   of   3   layer   cake .   short   hose ,   but   that   saves   fan   power   and   weight .   consider   spending   more   if   planning   regular   use .
quiet   and   soft   easy   to   use .   it   is   quiet   and   soft .   not   burn   your   hair .   cool   dryer   option   is   also   great   to   use .
overheats   every   now   and   then !   don   t   buy !   i   purchased   this   dryer   before   a   trip   to   india .   i   used   it   for   a   couple   of   weeks   in   the   us   at   the   120   v   setting   and   then   for   about   4   weeks   in   india   at   the   230   v   setting .   it   seemed   to   be   working   fine   and   i   was   happy .   br   br   however   when   i   came   back   to   us   and   reset   the   voltage   to   120v ,   that   s   when   the   thing   started   acting   up .   it   was   way   too   noisy ,   overheated   so   much   that   it   stopped   working   all   together ! !   well ,   at   that   time   my   hair   was   about   half   dried   and   straightened ,   with   the   other   half   wet   and   beginning   to   curl ...   so   i   had   no   option   but   to   somehow   get   this   thing   working   again !   i   reset   it ,   gave   it   a   few   minutes   to   cool   down   and   tried   again   on   the   low   heat   setting ...   it   was   ok   and   i   completed   drying   my   hair ..   br   br   the   next   time   i   used   it ,   alternating   between   high   and   low   heat ,   it   seemed   to   be   fine ...   the   time   after   that ,   it   overheated   again   and   i   finally   gave   up   on   it ...   its   no   use   investing   even   20   in   this   piece ...   it   has   only   2   heat   settings   without   a   cold   shot   button ,   doesn   t   work   consistently   every   time ...   and   if   you   change   the   voltage   settings ,   it   doesn   t   work   properly !   cheap   piece ,   do   not   invest   any   time   and   money   in   this ! ! !
happy   with   it   great   look ,   works   perfectly .   i   don   t   have   any   problem   with   the   heavy   weight   as   some   users   would   complain   about .   however   the   first   time   i   turned   it   on   i   did   smell   something   burning ,   but   it   only   happended   once .   i   use   this   hair   dryer   everytime   as   i   wash   my   hair ,   about   once   a   day ,   so   far   so   good   and   i   m   happy   about   the   purchase .   this   is   not   a   quiet   hair   dryer   though ,   but   i   don   t   think   it   s   a   big   deal   since   almost   all   the   dryers   are   noisy   anyway .
satisfies   this   dryer   works   well   for   drying   my   hair   type .   it   adjusts   perfectly   when   sitting   and   it   stores   very   nicely   away
better   color   then   pictured !   works   well   and   the   color   is   better   then   shown   more   like   neon   green !   definitely   a   good   purchase   gave   as   a   gift
nightlight   feature   not   ready   for   prime   time   i   was   dismayed   when   my   andis   hang   up   died   because   i   had   screwed   it   to   the   wall   and   i   didn   t   want   to   fill   screw   holes ,   so   i   was   delighted   to   find   it   still   available   on   amazon .   the   new   unit   came   with   a   novel   night   light   feature ,   which   failed   immediately ,   leaving   an   unpleasant   smell   of   burnt   plastic   and   an   oily   black   soot   deposit   on   the   handle .   the   hair   dryer   still   ran ,   but   it   filled   my   hair   with   the   smell   of   an   electrical   fire .   i   sent   it   back   to   amazon   who   promptly   replaced   it .   the   night   light   on   the   second   unit   again   immediately   failed ,   although   without   the   odor   of   the   other   one .   i   m   still   using   it   and   i   really   like   the   hair   dryer ,   but   it   appears   to   me   that   the   night   light   is   just   not   ready   for   prime   time   and   may   actually   constitute   a   fire   hazard .
good   dryer   its   good ,   but   for   some   reason   the   way   the   buttons   are   everytime   i   grab   the   dryer   to   plug   it   in   ive   hit   the   on   button   and   it   always   is   on   when   plugged   in ,   beyond   that   its   no   big   deal ,   and   it   dries   nice   and   is   cute   looking ,   i   love   the   colors !   also   i   have   pretty   long   hair   and   this   dries   pretty   quickly   which   i   love !
great   buy   i   purchased   this   as   a   christmas   gift   for   my   wife .   she   s   a   stylist ,   so   i   took   a   chance   that   she   wouldn   t   like   it ,   but   she   loved   it   and   replaced   her   old   hairdryer   with   this   one .
great   product ,   it   is   all   that   the   item   description   said   it   would   be .   the   dryer   is   quiet   and   calm   running ,   the   bonnet   is   is   just   the   right   fit   with   or   without   rollers   .   it   has   a   nice   handsome   look .   it   is   sturdy   and   strong .   br   br   great   temper   control   the   timer   has   a   slight   ticking   sound ,   and   the   bell   rings   when   time   is   up   awesome ,   coasters   are   convent   and   easily   moves   where   you   want   it .   perfect   for   a   home   beauty   aid .   would   recommend   to   all   looking   for   a   home   style   salon   look .
amazing   i   brought   this   dryer   from   walmart   it   was   25   with   shipping .   anywho   this   is   the   best   for   deep   conditioning !   even   though   the   back   doesnt   get   that   hot   as   the   front   its   very   warm .   so   far   i   love   this   product .
sunbeam   wall   mount   hairdryer   i   had   my   old   ge   wall   type   hair   dryer   for   13   years .   sadly   it   passed   away .   i   had   the   old   metal   bracket   on   the   wall   and   thought   34   if   only   i   could   get   the   same   dryer   to   fit   the   old   bracket .   i   wasn   t   eager   to   start   filling   the   holes   and   repainting   the   spot   and   maybe   the   whole   bathroom   if   i   couldn   t   match   the   wall   color .   br   yippee !   i   ordered   one   that   looked   similar   and   attached   over   the   old   bracket .   br   the   new   dryer   is   perfect !
fast   acting   dryer   i   was   able   to   quickly   blow   dry   my   hair .   the   combs   were   able   to   glide   through   my   thick   hair   quickly .   i   m   so   glad   i   purchased   this   blow   dryer .
great   hairdryer   used   one   of   these   in   a   hotel   and   liked   it   so   much   we   came   home   and   ordered   one .   it   was   delivered   quickly   and   in   great   condition .
andis   rc   2   ionic   1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer .   i   was   very   pleased   with   the   shipping   and   packaging .   i   like   the   temperature   settings ,   the   way   it   folds   and   how   the   cord   retracts   inside .   mostly   pleased   with   the   handle   for   holding   it   while   drying   my   hair .   some   dryers   don   t   feel   like   they   are   correctly   made   for   holding .   this   one   does .   i   would   recomend   this   hair   dryer   to   everyone .   thanks .
amazing   i   love   the   turbo   blow   dryer   its   the   best   the   price   is   totally   woth   buying   d   it   works   wonders  
like   but   too   heavy .   i   like   the   hair   dryer .   it   works   great   but   is   heavy   and   a   little   big .   did   not   realize   it   would   be   that   heavy   as   i   wanted   to   use   it   when   i   trave   since   it   folds   up .   will   have   to   see   how   well   it   works   to   pack   it .
hair   dryer   this   is   a   good   hair   dryer   for   me .   it   has   3   settings ,   and   a   cooler   button   that   blows   cool   air   if   it   gets   too   hot .
soft   bonnet   hair   dryer   i   only   gave   this   a   2   star   because   i   have   medium   to   short   hair   and   after   3   4   of   an   hour   it   did   nt   dryit .   i   would   not   recomend   this .
wife   loves   it   christmas   present .   wife   is   pleased .   what   more   can   i   say   it   seems   like   a   well   made   quality   item .   nuff   said .
gave   it   as   a   gift   and   they   love   it   my   daughter   in   law   picked   this   gift   to   her   wish   list   for   christmas ,   we   bought   it ,   and   it   is   working   very   well .
must   have !   just   get   it !   o   o   that   s   how   good   it   is ....   no   words   can   explain   how   well   this   thing   works .   i   love   mine !   had   my   eyes   on   it   for   years   now   and   now   that   i   have   it ..... i   m   very   pleased   and   glad   that   i   bought   it .
mini   dryer   has   a   lot   of   power   for   the   compact   size .   i   use   it   daily   takes   up   minimal   space   on   the   counter   and   will   be   convenient   for   traveling   too .
good   works   great   but   there   is   too   much   noise ,   i   bought   it   for   my   girl   friend   and   she   loves   it   very   much .
great   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   drys   my   hair   real   fast   and   it   is   easy   to   store   with   the   folding   handle
awesome   it   does   a   great   job   and   is   up   and   out   ot   the   way   it   automatically   turns   off   which   is   great   awesome
hair   dryer   great   hair   dryer .   it   gets   the   job   done   really   fast   however   the   only   qualm   i   have   is   that   the   cord   is   only   three   foot   long .
hair   dryer   i   bought   this   for   a   friend   for   christmas .   she   really   likes   it   because   it   very   light   and   the   temperature   controls   move   easily .
ok   but   heavey   ok   but   heavey   br   nice   does   its   job   but   looks   small   was   supprized   how   heavey   it   was .   br   has   all   the   heat   adjustmentas   i   was   looking   for
heat   stopped   working   after   less   than   2   years   i   liked   the   hair   dryer   but   after   less   than   2   years   the   heat   stopped   working .   the   retractable   cord   didn   t   really   work   so   well   after   the   first   few   months .   you   had   to   push   it   in .
soft   bonnet   love   it   easy   to   use   dry   your   hair   fast   easy   to   carried   is   light   weight .   you   can   take   it   anywhere   in   that   house   i   usually   watch   tv   while   my   hair   is   getting   dry .  
babyliss   v2   asin   b000ig83ve   babyliss   pro   babfrv2   volare   ferrari   designed   professional   luxury   mid   sized   hair   dryer ,   red ,   2000   watts   br   br   this   hair   dryer   is   the   best   but   the   2   nozzle   did   not   come   in   my   package ...   this   has   me   worry   that   the   product   may   not   be   new .
ok   to   me !   i   needed   an   inexpensive   hairdryer .   when   it   arrived ,   it   was   not   as   large   as   i   thought   it   would   be ... that   s   a   good   thing   when   you   re   tight   on   storage   space .   i   would   say   this   is   a   mid   size   hairdryer .   not   the   full   gigantic   salon   sized   version   nor   the   mini   travel   version .   it   doesn   t   seem   too   noisy   when   on   and   the   volume   of   air   it   blows   is   pretty   decent .   br   br   the   overall   construction   is   as   you   would   expect   for   the   price ... a   glossy   smooth   plastic   outer   shell   surrounding   the   internal   heating   electrical   mechanical   workings .   the   switch   is   easy   to   manipulate   into   the   desired   setting   down   for   low   and   up   for   high .   the   cool   shot   button   allows   the   hairdryer   to   ramp   up   into   the   high   mode   but   blow   out   cool   air .   the   filter   cover   on   the   end   of   the   hairdryer   is   easy   to   remove   by   twisting   off .   i   prefer   this   type   of   filter   cover   over   the   hinged   version   that   you   cannot   run   under   the   sink   for   a   good   cleaning .   if   you   ever   rinse   the   filter   cover ,   make   sure   it   is   absolutely   dry   before   putting   it   back   on   the   hairdryer   as   water   and   electricity   do   not   mix !   on   the   topic   of   electricity ,   the   hairdryer   also   features   a   gfci   plug   in   case   your   bathroom   doesn   t   have   a   gfci   outlet .   this   feature   trips   the   power   off   to   your   hairdryer   in   case   it   comes   into   contact   with   water ,   preventing   electrocution .   br   br   the   weight   is   decent   and   lightweight ,   not   too   heavy   to   hold   while   drying   your   hair .   the   handle   could   be   a   bit   more   comfortable ,   but   for   the   money   i   cannot   complain   that   much .   br   br   i   don   t   know   about   durability ,   but   i   think   it   was   a   decent   purchase   and   very   utilitarian .
amazing !   i   used   a   small   10   dollar   travel   hair   dryer   for   2   years   as   my   main   dryer .   it   took   soo   long   to   dry   my   long   hair .   with   this   dryer ,   it   s   dry   in   2   minutes   not   even !   it   s   so   strong !   but   i   love   being   able   to   set   the   heat   several   ways .   very   customizable .   the   cord   is   amazing !   it   stays   inside   the   dryer   and   out   of   my   way   when   it   s   not   in   use .   i   also   love   the   color .   it   s   not   as   pink   as   it   looks   in   the   picture .   it   s   more   marroon   but ,   still   pretty .   i   highly   recomend !
love   bed   head ,   great   for   the   price   i   purchased   this   as   a   back   up   to   my   more   expensive   blow   drier   to   give   to   guests   to   use   or   use   while   traveling .   i   must   say ,   this   works   almost   as   good   as   my   more   expensive   type .   it   gets   just   as   hot   and   keeps   my   hair   shiny   and   also   has   the   conveniently   located   cold   shot   button .   it   s   also   extremely   cute .
i   love   it   i   love   it   and   use   is   very   convenient   br   this   product   is   valuable ,   and   the   price   is   not   expensive ,   worth   buying !
hair   dryer   we   have   four   of   these   now .   they   are   great   product   and   work   as   described .   would   recommend   to   friends .   would   order   again .
very   handy   for   people   with   arthritis   this   is   a   great   help   in   drying   and   styling   my   hair   since   arthritis   severely   limits   the   range   of   motion   in   my   shoulders .   it   takes   a   little   getting   used   to   as   you   move   your   head   and   brush   instead   of   the   dryer ,   but   that   only   takes   one   or   two   uses .
stupid   wheels ..   the   stand   might   be   the   only   ineffective   part .   i   am   still   having   a   hard   time   screwing   in   the   wheels   to   the   stand   as   i   feel   they   are   not   compatible .   i   cant   tell   you   how   the   rest   works   because   i   am   still   having   issues   with   the   stand .   br   br   okay   so   i   finally   fixed   the   wheels   my   way   and   was   able   to   use   it   with   no   difficulty .   the   product   worked   very   well   and   heats   well .   i   would   recommend   if   this   is   a   starter   dryer   for   someone .
wow ! ! !   i   love   this   blow   dryer !   i   was   tired   of   taking   5   minutes   to   blow   dry   my   thick   hair   so   i   went   on   a   search   for   something   that   would   be   faster .   so   many   say   they   blow   dry   faster   but   this   one   really   does .   so   glad   i   purchased   this .   i   no   longer   dread   blow   drying !
just   what   i   was   looking   for   for   my   mom   light   weight ,   easy   to   manage   does   a   great   job .   mom   is   90   years   old   and   this   unit   is   perfect   for   her   needs .
excellent   excellent   dryer   easy   to   put   together ,   controls   are   awesome , all   you   need   is   one   tool   included   with   the   dryer .   br   br   roy ,   woodbridge ,   va
perfect   for   its   purpose   nothing   wrong   yet ,   had   it   for   a   while .   handle   is   peeling   a   bit ,   some   people   might   care ,   i   don   t .   i   m   spoiled   by   salon   quality   dryers   so   you   get   what   you   pay   for   wish   this   was   hotter   sometimes ,   wish   the   peeling   didn   t   happen ,   but   it   s   not   affecting   the   job   it   s   doing   so   whatever .   it   s   just   a   dryer !
a   fabulous   blowdryer ..   for   low   cost   while   staying   in   a   motel   i   used   this   and   fell   in   love !   my   hair   comes   out   smoother ..   love   the   multiple   settings ..   this   works   so   well   i   purchased   a   second   for   when   my   new   one   wears   out ! ! !   good   blow   dryers   are   hard   to   come   by .
does   the   job   shipment   is   on   time   just   like   how   it   is   described .   br   dryer   is   little   heavy   for   use ,   i   like   compact   once .
yep   works   great ,   stylish   and   is   a   great   gift   for   anybody   who   tends   to   take   care   of   their   hair   a   lot .   package   came   right   on   time ,   in   good   condition   and   holds   its   worth .
great   product   great   hairdryer !   i   love   the   multi   settings   to   dry   your   hair   and   it   was   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   as   a   gift   for   my   daughter .   she   wanted   the   ion   tool   so   it   was   perfect   for   her .   thanks .
revelon   hair   dryer   hari   dryer   was   exactly   as   described   .   very   quick   delivery   for   xmas   runs   grevery   happyat   would   recomend   for   purchase   very   happy
i   like   it   this   is   definitely   lighter   than   my   last   hair   dryer .   it   is   pretty   quiet   too .   i   wish   the   detachable   nozzle   went   on   easier   was   a   little   longer .   my   only   complaint   is   regarding   the   length   of   the   nozzle .   they   call   it   the   34   concentrator   34   attachment .   when   i   am   styling   my   bangs   or   blowing   out   my   hair   with   a   round   brush   it   makes   the   dryer   too   close   to   my   head   hair   and   it   makes   styling   more   difficult .   my   last   hair   dryer   s   attachment   was   longer   with   an   air   flow   vent   to   keep   the   air   from   blasting   you   in   the   head .   i   guess   this   will   take   some   getting   used   to .   other   than   that   seems   to   be   good   quality .   the   plus   is   that   it   does   dry   my   hair   faster   and   with   less   noise .
the   best   !   i   bought   the   34   used   34   open   box   item   no   idea   what   was   wrong   with   it   it   looked   like   i   got   it   off   of   the   store   shelf .
great !   while   it   lasts ...   the   raving   reviews   about   this   hair   dryer   are   all   correct   it   dries   hair   faster !   its   sound   isn   t   as   obnoxious   as   others !   it   s   small !   compact !   cute !   however ,   it   only   lasted   about   10   months .   we   used   it   almost   every   day ,   or   at   least   every   other   day ,   to   dry   my   3   year   old   s   hair .   typically   we   used   the   low   setting ,   and   occasionally   the   high   setting .   the   cool   air   button   was   great ,   too ,   but   we   rarely   used   it .   it   died   suddenly ,   with   no   warning   sign ,   after   about   9   10   months .   disappointed !
hair   dryer   i   used   an   andis   1875   hair   dryer   in   a   hotel   and   loved   it   but   when   i   ordered   it   online ,   i   got   a   different   product .   the   product   i   got   is   an   andis   1875   but   it   isn   t   the   same .   i   m   disappointed   in   the   one   i   got   because   it   s   not   as   powerful   as   the   one   at   the   hotel .
excelent   excelent   product   good   quality ,   the   shipping   excelent ,   and   the   description   is   really   like   the   publication ,   i   am   happy   with   my   order   and   everything   is   excelent
working   wonderfully .   i   purchased   this   dryer   for   my   wife .   she   loves   how   quickly   it   works   and   leaves   her   hair   feeling   soft ,   and   not   static   free .   it   was   a   pre   christmas   gift ,   and   here   in   michigan   the   air   is   pretty   dry   this   time   of   year ,   so   i   am   officially   impressed .   there   must   be   something   to   the   whole   ionic   ceramic   tourmaline   thing .   br   br   one   of   the   minuscule   clear   rubber   pieces   in   the   handle   dropped   off   when   she   took   this   dryer   out   of   the   box .   it   s   not   a   critical   component ,   but   i   hope   it   s   not   an   indication   of   the   dryers   build   quality   and   expected   longevity .   given   how   the   much   less   expensive ,   shortly   lived ,   noisy ,   less   effective   dryers   she   has   had   in   the   past   have   been ,   i   m   not   too   concerned   though .
conair   ionic   conditioning   1875   watt   cord   keeper   hair   dryer   with   retractable   cord   we   have   one   already   just   like   it   and   the   wife   loves   it   and   that   is   why   we   bought   another   one . a   bargain . our   old   one   is   6   years   old   and   we   are   ready   for   the   new   one .
disappointed   the   product   details   never   mentioned   that   the   dryer   has   to   be   hard   wired   to   an   electrical   outlet   since   it   doesn   t   come   with   a   plug .   as   a   result   i   returned   the   dryer   because   i   wanted   a   traditional   plug   in   type ,   however   none   of   the   other   product   reviews   mention   anything   about   this   so   i   decided   not   to   order   via   amazon   until   the   product   details   are   more   accurate .
good   product   this   product   dries   hair   efficiently   and   quickly .   it   includes   2   heat   settings   and   a   cool   boost   button   just   like   the   more   expensive   models .
great   hairdryer   my   daughter   bought   this   hairdryer   first   and   i   kept   borrowing   hers .   finially   decided   to   buy   my   own   and   i   am   very   happy   with   the   dryer .   it   is   a   light   weight   and   packs   a   lot   of   pwer .   goes   from   hot   to   cold   in   seconds .   i   am   very   happy   with   the   hairdryer   and   hope   it   lasts   for   years .
good   product   light   weight   with   great   power .   br   it   has   great   heat   and   i   would   recommend   br   to   friends   and   family !   thank   you   conair !
it   works   swell   i   had   my   previous   vidal   sassoon   hair   dryer   for   a   very   long   time .   my   own   stupidity   was   actually   its   undoing .   i   tried   to   clean   off   the   grate   inside   by   opening   the   unit   and   ended   up   not   putting   it   back   together   quite   right ,   burning   out   the   motor .   soooo   i   had   to   get   another   hair   dryer .   i   decided   on   this   one   for   the   price   and   ratings   for   the   most   part .   it   is   heavier   probably   because   of   the   ceramic   inside .   i   only   use   it   to   quickly   dry   my   short   hair   after   a   shower   so   it   works   great   for   that .   i   probably   got   more   than   i   need   in   a   hair   dryer   but   it   does   work   for   me   and   it   works   swell .   it   is   the   bees   knees !   don   t   know   what   that   means   exactly   and   i   am   younger   than   that   saying   is .... but   it   is   kinda   fun   saying   it   anyway .
i   don   t   even   use   it   never   liked   it   it   looks   like   the   sunbeam   1200   model   that   we   have   had   forever ,   that   is   found   in   most   hotel   rooms ,   but   not   near   as   good .   the   dryer   doesn   t   snap   in   like   it   should .
light   and   works   great   the   only   reason   why   i   give   it   4   stars   is   that   the   handle   is   not   foldable .   but   for   this   price   who   cares   it   functions   well   as   a   machine   that   blows   hot   air   out .
plug   is   too   big .   you   know   the   plug   is   just   to   big   for   most   of   the   outlets .   hangs   down   too   much   and   hits   the   counter   tops .   good   power   though
works   great   works   great .   exactly   what   i   expected .   love   the   retractable   cord ,   and   it   has   enough   power   to   dry   my   hair   quickly .
great   hair   dryer   this   item   arrived   quickly   and   just   as   advertised .   i   love   it ..... it   dries   my   thick   hair   in   a   flash .   try   it !
great   blow   dryer   it   s   absolutely   amazing .   my   wife   claims   she   never   knew   a   blow   dryer   could   make   such   a   change   in   the   way   you   style   your   hair .   worth   the   price .
decent ,   but   not   pink   this   is   a   decent   little   hairdryer   for   the   cost .   but   from   the   picture ,   i   thought   it   would   be   pink .   it   s   not   pink ,   it   s   red .
didn   t   last   2   years   dryer   worked   fine   for   about   a   year   and   a   half   until   one   day ,   it   powered   off   mid   dry .   i   figured   i   had   accidentally   shut   it   off   with   my   thumb   since   the   control   buttons   are   so   poorly   placed   .   the   next   day ,   halfway   through   my   drying ,   it   sparked   and   smoked .   it   was   terrifying !
broke   in   less   than   a   year   i   ve   had   this   dryer   for   only   8   months   and   the   high   speed   setting   no   longer   works .   i   would   have   rated   this   very   highly   had   it   continued   to   function   properly ,   but   for   the   cost   of   this   dryer ,   lasting   less   than   a   year   is   completely   unacceptable .
fast   drying   this   hairdryer   is   very   nice ,   i   have   full   thick   hair   and   it   will   have   it   mostly   dry   in   about   2   minutes ,   i   have   also   managed   to   drop   it   about   20   times   since   i   got   it   and   its   still   running   like   a   champ .
it   s   a   hair   dryer !   what   i   love   about   this   is   that   it   is   fairly   quiet ,   and   yet   seems   to   dry   my   hair   quickly .   i   especially   like   the   concentrator ,   as   it   has   a   small   opening   and   really   works   as   i   m   shaping   my   hair .   my   hair   is   wavy ,   and   i   try   to   straighten   it   as   i   shape   the   style .   using   my   round   brush ,   the   concentrator   focuses   on   each   section   and   dries   it   straight .
stopped   working   after   4   months   worked   great   the   first   4   months   and   then   died   unexpectedly   without   warning .   not   pleased   would   have   expected   to   get   at   least   a   year   out   of   it !
love   it !   so   far   very   happy   with   the   performance   of   this   dryer .   my   daughter   said   it   really   helps   minimize   the   frizzies   you   get   with   some   hair   dryers .   i   m   hopeful   it   will   last   at   least   a   year   or   two .   so   many   hair   dryers   quit   before   you   have   gotten   your   money   s   worth !
it   was   a   great   dryer   while   it   lasted .   it   died   after   2   years .   electric   plug   shorted .   this   was   a   great   dryer   while   it   lasted .   i   loved   all   the   different   settings   because   i   could   use   it   on   my   small   dod   with   no   problems .   it   did   dry   hair   faster .   after   2   years   the   electric   safety   plug   blew   and   the   hairdryer   is   bricked .   br   br   i   just   bought   another   cheaper   andis   and   see   it   has   a   5   year   warranty .   if   this   one   had   a   5   year   warranty   too   i   wish   someone   had   said   or   posted   something   or   wish   i   saw   it   if   it   was   listed   on   the   box   if   it   was   offered .   if   you   notice   this   ad   makes   no   mention   of   warranty .   br   br   this   was   a   good   but   heavy   dryer   while   it   lasted .   2   lbs   i   think .   i   liked   the   range   in   heat   and   speed   of   airflow   much   better   than   what   i   replaced   this   with .   the   variety   in   heat   and   speed   worked   out   perfect   for   the   dog   and   me .   my   dog   preferred   the   low   warm   or   hot   while   i   preferred   fast   and   hot .   the   weight   of   the   dryer   didn   t   bother   me   at   all .   br   br   did   i   gyp   myself   out   of   warranty   on   this   dryer   i   sure   hope   not   because   i   already   threw   it   away  
hot   hot   hot   this   blow   dyer   rocks .   effective ,   for   brand   name   is   affordable .   what   i   like   most   about   it ,   it   is   super   quite ,   yet   very   powerful .
quality   product   this   is   a   goo   product .   hair   dresser   recommended   and   uses   one .   not   sure   how   the   pearl   effect   is   supposed   to   sustain   itself   from   the   ceramic   but   oh   well .   it   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do   and   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   looking   for   a   quality   hair   drier .   it   was   deliverd   quickly   and   was   packaged   to   arrive   safely .
nice   product   my   daughter   loves   this   dryer .   she   enjoys   using   all   the   attachments   and   says   it   dries   her   long   hair   very   quickly .
love   it   high   powered   and   compact ,   it   is   the   perfect   little   travel   blow   dryer .   i   also   love   the   little   attachable   defuser   and   straightener .   way   too   cute   and   works   amazingly   well .
bought   two !   i   bought   two   of   this   because   my   sisters ,   enrolled   in   a   beauty   salon   school ,   and   they   tell   me   it   is   truly   amazing ,   just   keep   in   mind   that   this   is   a   professional   dryer ,   and   if   used   without   caution ,   it   may   burn   some   ones   hair ,   because   it   is   that   powerful !
great   dryer   leaves   hair   silky   and   drys   fast .   it   s   a   bit   heavy ,   but   i   d   recommend   for   how   much   nicer   it   leaves   your   hair   than   an   average   dryer
excellent   hair   dryer   conair   yb075w   pro   yellowbird   is   really   most   excellent .   this   hair   dryer   is   sturdy   and   well   built .   definitely   worth   the   money .
does   the   job   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   purchased .   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   does   not   make   a   lot   of   noise .
not   bad !   bought   this   dryer   a   year   ago   for   under   40   hoping   it   would   be   better   than   most   regular   20   ones .   it   didn   t   disappoint ,   i   actually   loved   it .   i   also   thought   it   was   very   quite   even   on   the   highest   speed .   the   heat   is   so   hot   it   dried   fast ! !   it   s   not   light   weight   but   since   it   dries   my   really   thick   hair   quickly   that   was   not   a   problem .   everything   was   going   great   till   my   mom   and   cousin   used   it   one   day   and   suddenly   when   i   turned   it   on   it   went   out ! ! ! !   everything   worked   fine   but   the   high   energy   speed !   it   stayed   on   medium   despite   pressing   the   button   to   switch   it .   i   was   really   dispointed !   with   my   thick   hair   and   a   baby   on   the   way ,   i   was   not   going   to   keep   using   it   on   medium   speed ,   it   would   take   me   double   the   time   to   dry   my   hair ! ! !   so   i   returned   the   damaged   one   and   replaced   it   with   a   brand   new   one .   that   was   my   only   option   with   my   local   store .   this   new   one   better   last   more   than   a   year !
nice   hairdryer   bought   this   particular   item   based   on   positive   reviews   from   amazon   customers .   br   gave   one   to   my   daughter   who   thought   it   was   quieter   than   her   old   dryer   and   dried   her   hair   quick .   br   gave   one   to   my   mother   who   thought   it   was   noisy   and   a   bit   heavy ,   but   dried   her   hair   very   quick .   br   my   mom   is   the   pickiest   person   on   earth .... so   take   it   with   a   grain   of   salt   .   br   remington   sells   matching   pink   hairbrushes ,   which   makes   it   really   gifty .
this   dryer   does   not   seem   like   it   has   any   power   even   though   it   is   the   same   wattage   it   does   not   seem   to   have   any   power .   i   am   sure   that   it   is   every   dryer
it   s   a   blow   dryer   the   blow   dryer   i   had   since   high   school   finally   died   so   i   bought   a   new   one .   there   s   nothing   special   about   this   hair   dryer ,   but   there   s   definitely   nothing   wrong   with   it .   nice ,   powerful   stream   of   air   with   the   option   of   cooler   air ,   hotter   air   and   high   and   low   power .   it   works   quickly   on   my   fine   hair   and   on   my   daughter   s   thicker   hair .
i   love   it   it   made   my   hair   look   very   smooth   and   the   retractable   cord   is   really   great .   just   what   i   was   looking   for !
i   loved   it   i   have   bought   it   for   my   wife ,   she   loved   it .   she   does   not   has   to   go   work   with   wet   hair   anymore   d .   i   recommend   it .
five   stars   love   this   dryer ,   i   have   had   it   for   a   long   time   now .   works   like   new .
good   value   it   is   a   hair   dryer   what   can   i   say .   it   is   what   i   wanted   for   the   price .   i   am   happy   with   it .
she   is   really   happy !   my   friend   got   this   from   me   as   a   b   day   gift ,   she   is   absolutely   happy !   she   takes   it   everywhere   she   travels .
great   dryer !   i   love   this   dryer !   my   hair   is   really   thick   after   i   wash   it   and   this   dryer   makes   my   hair   feel   softer   because   it   s   an   ionic   dryer   and   more   manageable !   i   didnt   give   it   5   stars   because   it   is   a   little   heavy   to   operate   and   the   attachment   comb   that   it   comes   with   is   a   little   long   for   me   but   still   works   great !   it   was   worth   every   penny ,   i   wish   i   had   heard   about   this   sooner !
greatest   wall   mount   hair   dryer   the   review   was   great .   high   power ! ! ! !   great   heat .   would   reccomend   this   product   to   all .. perfect   wall   mount   hair   dryer ..   quiet   and   easy   to   install .
wish   it   would   have   lasted   i   liked   this   hair   dryer   for   a   lot   of   reasons .   the   retractable   cord   is   nice ,   but   i   had   to   struggle   with   it   numerous   times .   unfortunately   my   unit   stopped   working   after   about   15   months   after   purchasing .
great   i   love   this   hairdryer ,   im   no   professional   but   it   does   the   job   and   its   affordable .   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone .
what   a   buy   bought   this   for   my   daughter .   very   good   buy ,   put   in   cart   and   went   back   to   buy   and   it   was   even   cheaper
still   not   sure   why   it   s   a   men   s   hairdryer   what   s   the   difference   between   a   man   s   hair   dryer   and   a   woman   s   i   have   no   idea .   i   would   think   a   man   s   hair   dryer   would   have   2   settings   off   and   on .   this   one   has   a   combination   of   settings   and   i   have   no   idea   what   their   purposes   are .   it   will   blow   air   of   varying   heats   at   varying   speeds ,   if   that   appeals   to   you .   i   tend   to   just   use   hot   and   high .   i   m   not   real   sure   about   the   ions   but   it   all   sounds   very   scientific   so   i   just   leave   that   on .   br   br   at   any   rate ,   i   ve   had   it   for   a   couple   of   months   now   and   have   had   no   problems   with   it .   it   really   does   blast   the   heat ,   and   air   too ,   so   drying   is   pretty   quick .   the   little   detachable   nozzle   is   nice   too ,   as   leaving   it   on   focuses   the   air   better ,   but   i   took   it   off   once   when   i   need   to   work   some   duckback   oilskin   treatment   into   my   oilskin   coat   no ,   really   .   this   calls   for   a   more   even   application   of   heat   so   the   ability   to   remove   the   nozzle   was   actually   handy .   br   br   overall   i   can   t   imagine   how   it   could   be   better .   br   br   i   suppose   it   could   dispense   donuts   but   i   can   t   really   dock   them   a   star   for   that   oversight ,   i   guess .
quiet   and   great   grippy   cover   this   hair   dryer   is   much   more   quiet   than   my   previous   hairdryer ,   which   was   an   adjustable   ionic   hairdryer .   it   has   this   interesting   grippy   material   around   the   outside   which   is   very   attractive   and   comfortable   to   hold .   it   is   lightweight   and   has   three   temperature   and   three   speed   settings .   i   don   t   think   it   gets   super   hot ,   which   is   good   for   me   since   i   have   fine   hair   and   do   not   wish   to   dry   it   out .   my   hair   was   incredibly   soft   after   using   this   dryer .
hair   dryer   great   but   the   hose   is   not   i   love   being   able   to   have   a   salon   quality   style   from   home .   this   little   hair   dryer   works   a   treat   to   bring   out   the   best   curl .   but   the   hose   has   ripped   and   torn   in   three   places   so   far .   i   have   had   to   duct   tape   the   hose   together .   i   would   recommend   discovering   if   another   product   has   a   better   quality   hose   before   purchasing .
great   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   worth   the   price .   it   drys   my   hair   much   faster   then   my   chi   ever   did   and   the   cuticle   on   my   hair   stays   down   more   so   i   don   t   have   the   fly   away   look .   my   hairdresser   recommended   this   hair   dryer .
great   little   hair   dryer   i   selected   this   hair   dryer   after   using   the   same   one   at   a   hyatt .   i   like   the   way   it   folds   up   quite   small ,   the   cord   retracts   well   and   it   feels   sturdy .   i   have   long ,   thick ,   wavy   hair   and   this   dryer   works   pretty   quickly   to   flatten   it   out   and   make   it   smooth .   the   air   blows   out   very   forcefully ,   but   doesn   t   seem   to   feel   too   34   burney .   34  
hello   kitty   hair   dryer   soory   to   have   to   say   i   bought   this   for   a   christmas   gift   for   a   little   girl .   as   far   as   i   know ,   it   has   been   fine .
perfect   hair   dryer   for   home   travel   i   gave   this   a   4   star   rating   because   this   hair   dryer   offer   s   everything   you   need   in   one .   it   has   numerous   speeds   and   heat   settings ,   gives   out   more   than   enough   heat   also .   the   cord   retracts   and   then   the   hair   dryer   can   be   folder   for   traveling .   it   has   all   the   necessary   attachments   also .   i   ve   had   one   myself   for   2   yrs .   and   love   it .   i   bought   2   more   for   my   granddaughter   and   daughter   for   christmas   gifts   as   they   requested   a   hair   dryer .   i   ve   tried   a   lot   and   this   one   is   the   best   for   me .   i   would   have   given   it   5   stars ,   but   i   think   the   cord   could   be   just   a   little   longer .
very   good   a   great   product   and   works   perfectly .   i   love   that   the   dryer   is   off   the   bathroom   counter .   the   mounting   directions   were   a   little   confusing ,   though .   and   the   back   plate   was   a   little   tough   to   get   off .
vidal   sassoon   hair   dryer   this   dryer   does   a   good   job   and   wasn   t   too   expensive .   it   has   several   different   settings   available .   i   am   pleased   with   this   purchase .
has   its   pros   cons ...   after   our   old   dryer   bit   the   dust ,   i   wanted   to   replace   it   with   one   that   worked   just   as   well ,   but   also   quieter ,   lighter ,   and   had   more   features .   from   reading   the   specs   and   reviews   on   this   andis   82005   dryer ,   i   felt   this   one   fit   the   bill .   but   after   using   it   for   a   week ,   i   have   mixed   feelings .   here   is   why   br   br   pros   br   1 .   sleek   looking   so   what   nice ,   but   doesn   t   make   your   hair   look   any   nicer   br   2 .   nice   variety   of   attachments   that   stay   attached   nicely !   br   3 .   long   10   ft .   cord   if   you   need   that ,   however   i   don   t ,   and   it   really   only   gets   in   the   way   br   4 .   hang   loop   br   5 .   dries   hair   fairly   quickly   with   ion   technology   br   6 .   outside   stays   cool   to   touch   br   br   cons   br   1 .   heavier   than   the   last   two   dryers   we   ve   had   hot   tools   tourmaline   lite   1043   see   my   review   on   that   one ,   and   chi   low   emf   dryer   .   br   2 .   dries   hair   no   faster   than   the   two   abovementioned   ionic   dryers   br   3 .   not   quiet   in   fact ,   louder   than   the   two   abovementioned   dryers !   br   4 .   not   enough   speed   heat   settings .   not   much   difference   in   heat   settings ,   although   speed   settings   are   adequate .   br   5 .   comb   attachment   actually   hurts   your   scalp !   feels   very   scratchy ,   due   to   squared   ends   of   the   teeth .   br   6 .   shiny   silver   colored   exterior   shows   prints ,   etc .   much   more   than   others .   br   br   all   in   all ,   not   a   bad   dryer ...   i   guess   i   expected   more .   but   i   would   probably   go   with   another   one   next   time .
best   hairdryer   will   always   buy   t3   hairdryers   from   now   on ...   best   investment .   this   hairdryer   is   amazing ...   and   now   cheaper   since   it   s   not   the   most   current   version .   i   can   t   imagine   a   better   hairdryer .   dries   my   hair   super   fast ,   and   the   dryer   itself   is   super   light !
great   hair   dryer   i   had   been   using   an   awful   8   year   old ,   non   ionized   dryer   until   i   purchased   this   one ...   and   i   cannot   say   enough   good   about   this   product .   the   temperature   and   output   controls   are   fantastic   it   was   definitely   worth   the   money .
i   like   it   i   bought   this   for   my   mom   and   little   sister   s   home ,   as   one   of   their   christmas   gifts   this   year ,   because   they   haven   t   had   a   blowdryer   in   the   house   for   years   now .   they   said   they   love   it ,   it   s   a   simple   blowdryer   with   a   high   heat   so   it   dries   the   hair   fast   overall   it   s   easy   to   use   but   doesn   t   come   with   any   special   perks .   but   guaranteed   if   you   don   t   have   one   now   it   s   better   than   what   you   have !
great   hairdryer !   this   hairdryer   is   the   lightest   and   quietest   i   ve   ever   used .   in   fact ,   my   husband   now   wants   one   of   his   own !
perfect   for   my   daughter   s   bathroom   we   picked   a   wall   mount   because   she   was   always   leaving   her   hair   dryer   plugged   in ,   right   next   to   the   sink   that   s   a   terrible   accident   just   waiting   to   happen   .   after   trying   unsuccessfully   to   get   her   to   unplug   it   and   put   it   away ,   i   realized   her   life   would   be   a   whole   lot   easier   if   i   just   got   her   a   wall   mount   hair   dryer   and   deliberately   mount   it   next   to   where   she   stands   in   front   of   the   sink   rather   than   mount   it   right   next   to   the   sink   itself .   that   solves   a   lot   of   problems   she   doesn   t   have   to   use   up   drawer   space   for   the   dryer ,   i   don   t   have   to   worry   about   her   putting   it   away   hot ,   it   is   always   plugged   in   and   ready ,   the   coil   cord   never   drags   over   the   sink   so   nothing   getting   knocked   off   the   sink   ,   and   of   course   the   risk   of   the   dryer   falling   into   the   sink   is   practically   eliminated .   br   br   this   hair   dryer   is   conveniently   small   so   it   s   easy   to   handle ,   even   for   a   young   teen   with   long   hair .   it   dries   hair   quickly   because   it   is   powerful   despite   its   size .   br   br   wall   mounting   was   trivially   simple   it   took   less   than   five   minutes   with   my   hand   dandy   drill   driver ,   bits ,   level ,   and   a   hand   screwdriver   it   is   much   better   to   use   a   manual   screwdriver   instead   of   a   drill   driver   to   screw   into   wall   anchors   .   it   comes   with   a   wall   template   with   a   leveling   line   which   makes   the   job   go   especially   quickly .
used   only   twice   before   it   died   this   was   a   piece   of   crap .   i   used   it   once   where   the   air   flow   was   so   weak   i   figured   i   d   have   better   luck   drying   my   hair   if   my   friend   blew   on   it .   the   2nd   time   i   attempted   to   use   it ,   it   sparked   and   died .   i   left   it   in   a   trash   can   in   paris .   br   br   do   not   buy ! ! ! !
do   you   like   medium   heat   then   pass   there   are   many   reviews   for   this   dryer ,   and   in   a   nut   shell ,   it   works   very   well   and   does   the   job .   i   have   two   small   complaints ,   but   one   of   them   is   a   big   deal   for   me .   i   have   medium   textured   straight   hair   that   is   very ,   very   long .   i   like   to   use   the   medium   heat   setting   for   blow   drying   my   hair   for   less   damage   but   this   dryers   medium   heat ,   is   almost   room   temperature .   it   s   not   quite   hot   enough   and   therefore   takes   about   50   longer   than   my   old   dryer   to   get   the   job   done .   br   br   pros   br   nice   feel   in   the   hand   br   nice   frizz   flyaway   control   br   low   and   high   air   flow   br   3   temp .   settings   br   comes   with   diffuser   br   br   cons   br   medium   heat   is   too   cool   causing   long   drying   time   br   the   precision   diffuser   knocks   off   the   dryer   fairly   easily   with   an   accidental   tap   of   the   brush ,   or   wrapping   of   the   chord   br   br   i   don   t   think   i   d   buy   the   same   one   again ,   but   really ,   it   s   just   a   hair   dryer !
love   this   hair   dryer !   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing .   just   like   the   one   they   use   in   my   salon ,   and   it   costs   so   much   less !   this   is   my   second   one   as   i   loved   my   first   one   so   much ,   when   it   died   i   bought   the   same   thing !
not   a   keeper   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   9   months   and   use   it   daily ,   but   now   am   ready   to   give   up   on   it   and   try   a   different   brand .   in   the   beginning ,   it   worked   pretty   good ,   but   it   didn   t   take   long   for   things   to   stop   working   correctly .   today   was   the   final   straw   after   blow   drying   my   hair   this   morning ,   it   smells   burnt .   i   m   getting   rid   of   this   thing   before   it   starts   a   fire !   br   br   pros   br   comes   with   lots   of   accessories   br   dries   hair   quickly   br   back   opens   so   that   dust   filter   can   be   cleaned   br   br   cons   br   cool   button   stopped   working   after   a   few   months   br   loud   br   risk   of   fire   burnt   hair   br   did   not   last   long
amazing   salon   blow   dryer   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   because   my   friend   had   one   and   loved   it .   well ,   i   love   mine   too !   this   dryer   will   dry   your   hair   quickly   without   causing   damage .   it   also   reduces   frizz   really   well ,   especially   when   used   with   a   round   brush .   they   sell   this   exact   same   hair   dryer   at   the   salon   where   i   get   my   hair   cut ...   at   three   times   the   price ! ! !   i   would   highly   recommend !   this   is   a   great   deal .
good   value   for   the   money   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   for   my   daughter .   funny   enough ,   the   only   thing   i   can   comment   on   is   because   i   ve   only   seen   her   use   it   to   dry   off   her   cat   when   she   gave   it   a   bath .   i   m   not   saying   she   hasn   t   used   it   herself .   i   just   haven   t   heard   anything   from   her   about   it  
weak   motor   not   as   powerful   as   i   had   hoped   and   the   filter   keeps   falling   off   the   back .   otherwise ,   works   okay .   retractable   cord   is   nice .
conair   is   a   good   product .   conair   has   established   their   product   quality   so   i   cant   coment   much   on   the   machine   its   self .   i   got   it   at   a   great   price   and   so   i   give   it   4   stars   very   respectable   so   far   it   still   works .   not   too   much   i   can   say   to   help   you   with   your   decision .
easy   to   install   easy   to   install ,   nice   nightlight .   don   t   use   the   template .   remove   and   use   the   plate   to   determine   the   location   for   screw   holes .
10   stars !   this   blow   dryer   is   awesome !   beautiful .   the   body   of   the   dryer   is   nice   a   soft .   nice   material   used   on   it .   and   this   dryer   works   very   well .   it   s   just   so   sleek   and   fun   to   use .   i   would   give   it   10   stars   if   i   could .
i   ve   had   it   forever   i   have   this   same   model ... but   a   much   older   version .   i   ve   probably   had   it   for   at   least   8   years .   i   never   had   any   problems   with   it   until   the   last   year   or   so .   the   button   to   retract   the   cord   broke   within   this   last   year .   but   the   dryer   continued   to   work .   lately ,   it   has   started   to   get   hot   while   using   it   and   if   i   turn   it   off   it   won   t   turn   back   on   until   it   cools   down .   my   husband   says   it   s   because   it   has   a   lot   of   dust   in   it .   he   could   take   it   apart   and   clean   it   out   and   it   would   probably   last   for   several   more   years ,   but   i   miss   the   retractable   cord .   i   am   looking   for   a   new   hair   dryer   and   will   very   possibly   get   this   same   model .   i   think   i   paid   less   than   20   for   it .   you   can   t   beat   that   for   value   in   a   hair   dryer   that   lasted   so   long .
excellent !   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   for   my   girlfriend .   she   has   long   thick   hair   and   gets   tired   of   all   the   maintenance   it   takes .   she   has   been   very   happy   with   this   product .   it   works   quickly   and   doesn   t   damage   her   hair .
very   nice   hair   dryer   this   is   a   very   nice   hair   dryer .   the   fan   blows   very   strong ,   the   heat   is   good ,   and   the   item   is   solid .
bonnet   dryer   next   best   thing   to   being   at   the   hair   salon .   have   not   had   a   chance   to   use   much ,   but   worked   great   the   2   times   i   used ..
space   saver   great   way   to   save   counter   space ,   well   constucted   hair   dryer ,   high   speed   is   fast   and   hot ,   makes   for   a   quick   dry .
geat   dryer   light ,   compact   and   dries   my   hair   really   fast .   that   s   exactly   what   i   needed   for   day   to   day   use   and   for   travel .
powerful   small   dryer   it   is   compact   size   but   not   small   enough   for   travel .   but   i   use   it   in   my   room   which   is   ok   for   me .   it   is   powerful   and   can   dry   my   short   hair   in   a   few   minutes .
does   what   it   says .   i   was   looking   for   an   ionic   drier   because   of   how   quick   it   manages   my   medium   length   hair .   i   wasn   t   worried   about   compact   or   travel .   br   br   it   feels   heavy   enough   to   be   quality ,   but   not   too   heavy   to   use .   the   settings   are   good ,   although   i   expected   a   little   more   power   from   the   high   blower   setting   but   with   the   ionic   tech   it   doesn   t   need   to   blow   harder .   br   br   the   cool   blast   button   doesn   t   react   as   quickly   as   turning   the   heat   setting   to   low .   br   br   for   function ,   it   s   perfectly   fine ,   no   complaints   with   function .   br   br   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   which   is   a   34   feature   34   ,   is   the   soft   matte   finish .   it   s   pretty   when   it   s   new ,   but   it   gets   scuffed   and   smudged   with   styling   products   and   isn   t   pretty .   i   m   not   one   to   clean   my   styling   appliances   so   often   but   this   one   needs   a   wipe   down   more   often   than   not .   it   s   not   terrible ,   but   i   don   t   like   it ,   and   it   wasn   t   an   issue   with   my   former   drier .   br   br   there   are   so   many   products   out   there   which   are   comparable ,   it   s   really   hard   to   decide .   i   m   not   super   excited   ,   but   i   m   happy .
terrible !   two   words   noisy   and   dangerous !   br   it   is   not   necessary   to   explain   noisy ...   br   dangerous   because   the   inner   part   is   definitely   not   well   protected .   br   besides   that ,   it   takes   too   long   to   dry   a   hair   that   should   had   being   completely   dried   in   5   minutes .   br   i   send   my   back .
nice   gift   this   was   a   gift   for   my   sister ,   and   it   was   a   great   buy   for   the   price .   a   very   well   made   hair   dryer .
conair   dryer   love   it .   it   really   works   really   well   and   is   compact   and   light .. it   heats   ups   fast   and   gets   the   job   done . thanks
hands   free   hair   dryer   this   little   gadget   does   exactly   what   it   was   made   for ,   hold   my   dryer .   i   had   an   inferior   one   before   that   was   always   falling ,   usually   in   the   middle   of   the   night ,   waking   us .   as   i   am   disabled ,   i   need   my   rest   i   need   something   to   hold   my   dryer .   this   works   so   well ,   i   got   one   for   my   mother ,   too .
christmas   gift   score !   this   is   an   item   that   my   girlfriend   requested   on   her   wishlist ,   and   i   got   it   for   her .   she   loves   it ,   and   apparently   it   is   amazing .   i   am   bald   now ,   so   i   have   no   need   for   such   things ,   but   it   s   nice   to   know   i   bought   her   something   that   is   great   at   drying   the   hair   one   might   have .
bought   as   a   spare   our   old   conair   started   making   noises   about   a   month   ago   so   we   bought   this   thinking   we   would   need   it   some   morning .   the   old   one   is   still   running ,   with   a   little   noise ,   but   it   is   the   earlier   version   of   this   one   and   we   have   been   happy   with   it .
it   does   spark   when   it   comes   out   of   the   box   and   i   first   start   using   it ,   the   air   is   powerful   but   definitely   not   hot   enough .   so   the   more   i   have   used   it   over   some   months   of   time   the   hotter   it   has   gotten ,   which   i   really   like .   but   the   last   few   weeks   i   have   noticed   some   sparking .   freaks   me   out   a   bit !   i   have   been   buying   this   brand   for   a   while   and   my   previous   ones   just   shut   down   after   about   a   year   but   this   ones   sparks .   time   to   buy   another   blow   dryer   i   guess .   sparking   from   an   appliance   is   never   good .
super   little   dynamo ! !   i   already   have   one   of   thise ,   but   because   i   travel   a   lot ,   i   have   one   at   home   and   one   for   my   travel   trailer .   lots   of   heat   power   in   a   small   little   dryer .
this   thing   blows   man ,   let   me   tell   ya ,   this   thing   really   blows   and   i   mean   that   in   a   good   way .   br   buy   one ,   it   will   blow   you   away .. lol
excellent   price   with   excellent   quality   really   love   it .   have   been   using   it   for   two   months   and   it   works   great .   the   price   is   awesome ,   7.79   with   free   shipping   using   prime .   light   weight ,   quiet   sound   and   fast   speed   to   dry   my   hair .   can   t   find   any   problem   with   it .   highly   recommend .
yay   gold   box   deals !   i   got   this   during   the   black   friday   madness   and   love   it !   it   has   all   the   tips   and   ends   anyone   would   need .   great   buy !
quality   problem   just   only   use   about   one   and   half   month ,   when   i   was   using   it   and   the   dryer   stopped   working   suddenly .   it   s   some   part   of   inside   the   dryer   was   broken   i   guess   and   i   really   want   to   return   this   item   i   was   very   angry   about   the   quality   of   this   dryer !
very   good   product .   i   like   it   , work   very   good , i   will   recommend   it   yo   my   friends , i   m   sure   they   will   love   it   like   me   good   price .
my   wife   likes   the   hairdryer   is   a   shame   that   we   have   240   volt   in   australia   and   i   had   to   buy   a   stepdown   transformer   wich   made   it   more   expansive .
third   one   i   ve   owned   great   and   clutter   free !   this   is   a   great   product .   it   is   really   simple   to   hang ,   works   well ,   and   keeps   the   countertops   clutter   free .   we   have   been   so   happy   with   it ,   we   ve   purchased   the   sunbeam   one   each   time ...   years   in   between   it   lasts   well .
conair   product   of   very   good   quality ,   impeccable   wine   ..   recommend   the   truth   ..   i   hope   to   continue   buying   ...   100   original   product   ..
perfect !   i   read   several   good   reviews   on   this   product   and   purchased   it   immediately .   br   it   works   great .   my   wife   is   very   satisfied   with   this   hair   dryer .   br   i   am   considering   buying   a   second   one   for   my   daughter .
love   this   dryer   i   have   thick   hair   and   it   is   really   hard   to   get   my   hair   dries   in   under   30   min   but   this   hair   dryer   does   it   everytime .   love   the   fact   that   the   handle   folds   to   save   space   and   as   its   been   dropped   a   few   times   i   know   it   is   well   put   together   and   sturdy   i   would   recommend   tis   product .
love   it !   just   wish   it   lasted   longer .   pros   doesn   t   over   dry   hair   to   a   crisp .   love   the   settings   and   switch   options   and   easy   one   handed   access   when   changing   modes .   my   two   hair   stylists   bought   one   because   they   liked   mine   so   much   and   the   great   price .   br   br   cons   my   first   model   broke   after   14   months .   i   only   use   it   3   4   times   a   week .   the   heating   element   died .   my   husband   is   a   electrical   engineer   and   took   it   apart   and   couldn   t   fix   it .   it   feels   like   a   waste   to   throw   such   a   nice   blow   dryer   away ,   but   i   liked   it   enough   to   by   another   one   of   the   same   model .   just   hope   it   lasts   longer .
everything   a   hair   dryer   should   be !   fast ,   doesn   t   burn ,   doesn   t   weaken   over   time .   love   it !   my   grandmother   is   a   professional   hair   dresser   and   she   recommended   this   for   personal ,   at   home   use   due   to   a   good   blend   of   price   and   quality .
broke   right   away   i   tried   it   once   and   it   came   on   with   full   power   and   then   about   2   minutes   in ,   the   drying   power   was   cut   in   half .   there   was   nothing   i   could   do   to   get   it   to   come   back   on   with   full   power .   the   highest   setting   was   now   merely   a   trickle   of   air .   no   idea   what   happened ,   but   not   going   to   buy   it   again .
nice   this   blow   dryer   is   ok .   first   of   all ,   it   s   a   little   larger   than   i   thought   a   little   louder   than   my   conair   1875   watt   dryer .   i   prefer   the   conair   but   kept   this   as   a   spare .
a   great   product   extremely   lightweight   yet   dries   hair   in   record   time ,   leaving   it   with   a   wonderful   shine .   also   much   quieter   than   my   previous   blowdryer ,   which   is   an   added   bonus .
great   hair   dryer   but   won   t   last   long   this   hair   dryer   is   great   it   s   quiet ,   powerful ,   and   has   all   of   the   functions   i   need .   that   said ,   i   ve   purchased   it   3   times   in   the   last   5   years .   it   will   not   last   long   6   mon .   to   12   mon .   maybe   .   this   last   one   i   bought   has   been   the   shortest   lived   and   it   is   dying   slowly .   unfortunately ,   i   m   going   to   have   to   look   for   a   more   expensive   model   that   will   hopefully   last   longer   than   this   one .
heavy   and   handle   a   little   too   fat   for   my   preference   this   hair   dryer   works   just   fine   but   it   was   not   as   compact   as   i   expected   it   to   be .   br   br   it   seems   that   with   the   ability   for   the   cord   to   retract ,   they   had   to   make   the   handle   part   fatter .   for   someone   with   smaller   hands ,   it   s   a   bit   more   effort   to   hold   the   dryer   up .   and   on   top   of   that ,   the   dryer   is   pretty   heavy   which   makes   it   even   harder   to   hold   it   up   straight   for   an   extended   time .   br   br   if   you   are   smaller   built   and   want   things   small   and   light ,   then   this   may   not   be   the   dryer   for   you .
gave   to   granddaughter   when   my   granddaughter   first   used   it   she   said   it   was   broke !   doing   better   using   it   now   since   we   taught   her   not   to   hold   so   close   to   her   head !
works   great   i   received   this   as   a   gift   and   love   it !   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   and   live   in   an   area   of   high   humidity .   this   dryer   dries   my   hair   and   leaves   it   smooth   rather   than   fly   away .
meh   not   the   best   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .   it   works ,   but   it   seems   to   take   a   long   time   to   dry   my   hair ,   which   is   wavy ,   thick   and   coarse .   i   end   up   straightening   my   hair ,   anyway ,   so   now   i   just   wash   it   and   sleep   on   it   wet   and   straighten   in   the   morning .   i   don   t   bother   with   the   blow   dryer .
convenient   dryer   is   tiny   and   comes   with   a   travel   bag   including   2   attachments   the   handle   does   not   fold .   it   s   a   real   nice   product   overall .
very   professional   blowdryer   it   was   awesome ! !   i   love   the   blow   dry   its   amazing ! !   very   happy   with   it ! ! !   yayyyyyyyyyy   my   hair   is   ffaaaabbbuulloooouusss ! !   im   like   a   professional   hairdresser   with   this   tool ! !
dries   fast   my   last   hairdryer   was   really   loud   so   although   i   expected   this   one   to   be   more   quiet   than   it   is ,   it   is   still   not   as   loud   as   my   last   one .   it   has   the   same   power   as   my   last   one   but   really   seems   to   dry   faster .   i   love   it !   it   works   great   and   i   would   give   it   5   stars   if   it   was   quieter .
great   price   does   its   job !   i   bought   this   because   my   boyfriend   didn   t   have   one   and   i   m   not   used   to   air   drying   my   hair   when   i   shower   at   his   place .   he   also   needed   one   to   dry   off   his   dogs   after   washing   them .   i   did   my   research   and   this   one   had   great   reviews   and   was   the   cheapest .   i   thought   the   item   would   be   bigger   but   to   my   surprise   it   was   a   portable   size   so   that   was   even   better !   the   low   setting   is   too   low   for   me   and   drying   my   hair   on   the   high   setting   was   perfect .   it   even   has   a   removable   cap   on   the   back   for   you   to   clean .   for   the   price   i   paid ,   it   definitely   does   its   job   and   dried   my   hair   quick !   i   would   highly   recommend   this   product   to   anyone !
good   gift   my   wife   had   one   of   these   for   years   and   it   finaly   quit   br   bought   this   one   and   she   loves   it .   she   loves   it   i   love   it
it   works   great   got   this   for   my   mom ,   her   old   hair   dryer   stopped .   she   loves   this   one .   and   when   it   is   on   hot ,   it   is   hot
just   like   a   fancy   hotel   saw   one   in   vegas   hotel ,   had   to   have   one .   retractable   cord   is   awesome   if   you   re   one   to   store   dryer   after   each   use .
best   hair   dryer   ever   my   sister   in   law   is   hairdresser   and   bought   me   one   for   my   35th   bday .   after   10   years   of   using   it   every   day   it   finally   quit .   i   have   very   long   and   thick   hair   and   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   since   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   i   went   online   to   amazon   to   buy   a   new   one   and   am   thrilled .   would   never   go   back   to   cheap   dryer   that   hardly   works   again .   you   have   to   go   turbo ! !   you   ll   be   very   happy   you   did .
t3   bespoke   the   best   blow   dryer   this   blow   dryer   is   the   absolute   best   i   have   ever   owned ! ! !   my   niece   asked   for   one   as   a   christmas   gift   after   using   mine .   there   simply   is   no   better   blow   dryer   out   there ,   and   i   have   tried   them   all ! ! !
love   my   new   hair   dryer   i   love   it   because   it   retracts   and   folds .   its   not   that   heavy   that   you   can   bring   it   with   you   when   you   travel .   my   hair   dries   quickly .   i   gave   a   4   stars   because   the   dryer   is   not   that   hot .
awesome   high   heat   setting   is   practically   automatic   don   t   have   to   wait   for   it   to   heat   up   .   and   the   blower   on   the   high   setting   is   very   powerful .   this   unit   is   even   better   than   the   ones   we   ve   used   at   hotels .   highly   recommend .
heavy   this   dryer   was   really   heavy .   br   it   hurts   my   arm   when   i   drying   my   long   hair .   br   so   i   am   using   with   dryer   stand .   br   the   strength   is   good   and   sometimes   it   sparks .   br   cheap   and   cute .   that   s   it ! !
perfect   gift !   my   daughter   had   used   this   dryer   in   a   hotel   while   traveling   for   work   she   loved   it .   it   was   at   the   top   of   her   christmas   wish   list ,   so   it   was   one   of   the   most   appreciated   gifts   she   received .   she   assures   me   it   is   the   best   dryer   she   has   ever   used .
love   the   blow   dryer .   i   bought   two   of   these   for   ourrental   beach   cottage   so   renters   wouldn   t   have   to   use   up   space .   i   just   bought   a   third   one .   i   ve   used   it   myself   while   staying   at   the   beach   cottage   and   it   s   great ! !
great   features ,   but   is   it   durable   on   my   second   try   here .   features   and   performance   is   great ,   but   first   one   failed   after   short   time .   if   this   one   doesn   t   last   longer ,   there   won   t   be   a   third .
love   it ! !   this   definitely   cuts   down   your   drying   time   and   it   leaves   your   hair   soft   friz   free .   the   only   thing   i   would   change   is   making   the   prongs   on   the   diffuser   longer   to   work   better .   other   than   that ,   it   s   perfect .
executive   the   product   is   great   but   it   looked   like   it   was   just   thrown   in   the   box   for   mailing .   no   registration   information   and   no   product   information   was   included .   maybe   shouln   t   have   ordered   it   around   xmas   time .
good   value   i   selected   this   modeal   as   i   had   a   previous   model   of   this   same   hair   dryer   that   finally   failed   after   a   few   years   of   good   service .   i   purchsed   the   model   134r   and   it   fit   on   the   previous   model   s   base   plate ,   so   i   did   not   have   to   re   mount   to   the   wall .   the   light   is   now   a   led   version ,   which   saves   power   but   but   puts   out   much   less   light   than   the   older   model   so   it   is   not   really   suitable   as   a   night   light   for   the   bathroom   as   the   older   model   was   otherwise   i   would   have   given   5   stars   .   the   dual   dryer   settings   are   useful   and   the   high   setting   is   quite   powerful   plenty   for   ay   hair   type   in   my   opinoin .   it   is   a   noisy   unit   and   can   get   quite   warm ,   but   performs   as   i   expected .   overall ,   a   good   value   for   the   money .
conair   dryer   great ,   convenient   product .   my   husband   had   one   and   it   lasted   for   years .   he   looked   all   over   for   another   one ,   and   was   really   happy   to   find   this   one   that   would   fit   in   his   small   bathroom .
excellent   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   dryer   after   using   my   mom   s   similar   dryer   and   reading   the   reviews   for   this   one .   i   totally   love   it .   i   have   very   thick   long   hair   and   it   took   close   to   an   hour   to   fully   blow   dry   my   hair   with   my   old   conair   dryer .   this   one   dried   my   hair   in   literally   about   5   minutes .   it   is   also   very   light .   i   wish   it   was   a   tax   quieter   but   overall   i   am   more   than   pleased   with   my   purchase .
two   years   and   blew   up   in   my   face   this   hair   dryer   gets   hot .   i   love   the   controls   separate   for   temp   and   power .   i   love   the   removable   filter .   i   ve   had   it   for   about   2   years   and   used   it   on   the   hottest   setting   daily .   i   haven   t   had   any   more   hair   breakage   than   the   next   person ,   several   stylists   have   complemented   me   over   the   years   on   the   health   of   my   hair .   however ,   like   these   other   ladies ,   my   hair   dryer   just   blew   up   in   my   face   as   i   was   using   it .   sparks   flew   out   where   the   cord   meets   the   handle ,   it   s   dead .   every   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   had   dies   like   this   eventually   looking   for   one   as   good   as   this   that   won   t   blow   up   or   catch   fire   though .
hair   dryer   i   received   this   hair   dryer   in   december   of   2012 ,   tried   to   use   it   in   january   of   2013 ,   lifted   the   hood   and   a   piece   snapped   off .   now   my   hair   dryer   hood   does   not   stay   in   place .   i   cannot   use   this   item   and   do   not   recommend   it   because   it   is   not   durable .
pretty   good   really   good ,   and   i   like   the   adjustable   features   of   the   dryer .   i   m   pleased   overall .   i   d   buy   if   i   were   you .
lasted   6   months   i   gave   this   to   my   sister   as   a   birthday   gift   along   with   the   hair   straighter   this   worked   great   for   her   until   it   just   stoped   working   out   of   nowhere   we   tried   everything   from   the   reset   but   to   calling   costumer   service   nothing   helped   horrible   product
bought   as   a   gift   i   bought   one   for   myself .   my   mom   used   it   and   was   amazed .   so   i   got   her   one   also .   it   really   makes   a   difference .   i   dye   my   hair   a   lot ,   and   this   dryer   doesn   t   make   my   hair   look   like   hay .   edit ... looks   like   it   barely   lasted   3   years .   seems   short   to   me ... i   ve   had   dryers   last   a   lot   longer .
great   buy   for   the   money   you   can   t   beat   it .   plus   it   comes   with   attachments ! !   i   would   definitely   buy   this   if   you   are   looking   for   a   new   blow   dryer   and   not   interested   in   spending   too   much   money .
poorly   made   and   designed   no   side   vents ,   so   the   top   of   your   head   is   dry   first   and   becomes   unbearably   hot ,   while   the   sides   and   back   are   still   wet .   on   high ,   it   s   very   loud .
best   dryer   i   have   ever   used   best   hotel   dryer   i   have   ever   used   i   travel   a   lot   ,   so   i   purchased   one   for   myself .   love   it !   i   have   had   no   problems   in   the   year   that   i   ve   had   it .
overall   its   ok   update   not   really   it   is   what   it   is   for   a   20   hairdryer .   i   didn   t   notice   anything   better   or   worse   then   most   hairdryers   i   have   owned   except   that   it   does   automatically   shut   off   if   you   use   it   too   long .   i   guess   it   overheats   it   will   pop   the   circuit   and   i   let   it   cool   a   bit   and   then   hit   the   reset   and   it   works   fine   again .   if   you   have   thick   hair   that   takes   a   while   to   dry   this   would   not   be   the   hairdryer   for   you .   br   br   update   so   a   few   months   later   and   this   hairdryer   has   turned   out   to   be   not   so   great   after   all .   it   overheats   quickly   if   it   is   on   high   for   more   than   a   minute ,   even   though   i   have   cleaned   the   dust   screen ,   and   it   shuts   off .   very   annoying .
wow !   my   daughter   confiscated   my   older   travel   hair   dryer   so   i   decided   to   replace   it   with   this   one .   maybe   i   should   thank   her   because   this   dryer   is   far   superior   to   my   other   one .   even   though   it   s   only   1600w ,   it   puts   out   a   lot   of   air   and   my   hair   dries   in   no   time .   i   love   the   fact   that   it   s   a   lower   wattage   as   many   older   hotels   throughout   europe   can   t   handle   anything   higher .   how   do   i   know   i   purchased   an   1800w   dual   voltage   one   time   and   managed   to   blow   out   half   the   circuits   in   an   old   hotel   in   venice .
gave   as   a   present ,   but   she   didn   t   like   it   i   gave   it   as   a   christmas   present .   it   looks   pretty   nice ,   but   she   didn   t   like   it   and   asked   me   to   exchange   it   for   something   else .   she   liked   the   look   of   it ,   confirmed   it   is   less   noisy   than   normal   hair   dryers ,   but   simply   took   longer   than   normal   hair   dryer   for   her   long   hair .
so   so   a   bit   disappointing   not   as   powerful   as   expected ,   but   the   fact   that   you   can   fold   it   really   helps .   not   the   greatest   but   okay
wall   mounted   hair   dryer   i   used   one   similiar   to   this   in   a   hotel   and   loved   it .   so   i   ordered   me   one .   this   is   a   great   product   and   i   would   reccomend   this   product   ! ! ! ! !   a   a   a   .
wish   it   had   more   power   i   have   very   long   thick   hair   that   is   mid   way   down   my   back .   my   old   hair   dryer   last   several   years   but   finally   died .   i   decided   on   this   one   because   of   the   reviews   and   the   color   i   admit   it .   br   br   the   color   is   beautiful .   it   is   the   most   pretty   hair   dryer   that   i   have   ever   owned .   br   br   the   retractable   cord   is   a   must   for   me .   this   is   an   awesome   feature   that   i   will   not   go   without .   it   makes   it   possible   for   easier   storage   and   you   don   t   have   to   worry   about   the   cord   getting   tangled ,   ripped ,   etc .   br   br   the   heating   settings   are   very   standard   and   work   very   well .   br   br   the   only   issue   for   me   is   the   power   or   lack   thereof .   br   the   highest   setting   has   about   the   same   amount   of   power   as   the   lowest   setting   on   my   old   hair   dryer .   my   old   dryer   had   the   same   amount   of   watts   as   this   one .   due   to   this ,   it   takes   much   more   time   to   dry   my   hair   than   i   am   used   to .   however ,   if   you   have   short   hair   this   iron   might   be   perfect   for   you .
it   does   its   job .   it   is   an   inexpensive   dryer   and   it   does   its   job   with   all   the   functions   described .   nothing   too   fancy .   i   expect   it   to   last   for   at   least   a   couple   of   years .   br   br   update   i   just   deducted   one   star   because   it   is   too   loud ,   louder   than   the   average .
great   for   international   travel   this   hair   dryer   is   fantastic   and   quite   strong   for   being   so   small .   the   best   part   is   the   dual   voltage   feature   it   works   wherever   you   travel .
good   for   the   price   it   feels   like   cheap   flimsy   plastic   to   the   touch   but   it   s   a   pretty   decent   hair   drier   for   the   price .   one   thing   i   didn   t   like   is   that   the   concentrator   can   only   be   put   one   one   way   like   in   the   pic   because   the   opening   is   oval   rather   than   round ,   i   had   a   feeling   it   was   oval   as   the   picture   wasn   t   too   clear .   i   like   holding   the   hair   dryer   in   a   different   way   but   with   the   concentrator   being   oval   i   can   not   adjust   it   to   my   needs .   update   after   using   this   hair   drier   for   2   years ,   one   day   the   handle   got   super   hot   and   red   and   burnt   smell   started   coming   out   of   it .   i   disposed   it   right   away .   not   safe !   be   careful .
perfect   this   ranked   second   in   dryers   in   my   price   range   the   first   was   cited   as   easy   to   accidentally   change   the   setting .   i   love   this   dryer   works   fast ,   strong   flow ,   retractable   cord   is   a   plus ,   hand   weight   is   comfortable .
nice   dryer ....   this   is   a   nice   dryer   for   the   price .   seems   a   bit   heavy ,   but   it   works   for   me .   dries   my   thick   hair   thoroughly .
best   hair   dryer   i   have   owned   have   had   this   for   a   little   over   a   year   now .   it   is   extremely   lightweight   and   feels   very   good   quality .   plenty   of   different   settings   and   all   of   them   work   well .   good   airflow   and   it   is   plenty   hot   or   cool   enough .
hair   dryer   broke   after   two   months   initially   i   really   liked   this   hair   dryer .   it   worked   well   and   ran   quietly ,   but   it   suddenly   stopped   working .   while   it   worked   fine   yesterday ,   when   i   plugged   it   in   this   morning   it   just   wouldn   t   turn   on .   because   i   ve   owned   it   less   than   two   months ,   i   ve   requested   a   replacement   through   amazon   to   give   it   another   a   try .
conair   ion   shine   1875   watt   hair   dryer   blue   this   hairdryer   was   a   really   good   buy ,   and   my   daughter   really   loved   having   her   own   without   having   to   borrow   mom   s   hairdryer   every   day !   it   is   a   nice   hairdryer .
christmas   present   christmas   present   for   my   wife .   br   i   now   know   more   about   hair   dryers   than   i   ever   hoped   to   know ,   but   she   loves   it   and   that   is   all   that   matters .   she   says   it   is   the   best   she   has   ever   owned .
as   promised   this   hairdryer   works   well   for   the   price .   i   would   buy   it   again .   hair   dries   fairly   quickly ,   but   the   air   stream   is   not   that   strong .
so   wonderful !   it   comes   with   both   attachments !   i   mention   that   comes   with   both   attachments   in   the   subject   because   i   was   confused   when   i   first   bought   it   i   thought   it   came   just   with   the   concentrator   not   with   the   diffusor   but   what   was   my   surprise   when   i   opened   the   box   it   came   with   both   which   are   wonderful !   i   have   curly   hair   and   it   worked   perfectly   on   me
hair   dryer   the   product   worked   well   br   i   would   recommend   br   i   would   buy   again   br   arrived   on   time   as   stated   online   br   very   cost   effective
its   a   hair   dryer   you   can   t   get   excited   over   a   hair   dryer .   it   works   ,   it   dries   and   thats   all   it   has   to   do .
great   christmas   present !   i   got   this   hair   dryer   for   christmas ,   and   i   love   it !   the   retractable   cord   is   perfect   for   the   limited   space   of   my   bathroom ,   the   attachments   work   really   well   and   my   hair   dries   quickly .   the   only   34   iffy   34   thing   about   it   is   it   doesn   t   seem   to   get   as   hot   as   my   old   dryer ,   but   this   may   actually   be   better   for   my   hair .
best   hair   dryer   ever !   i   love   love   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   had   it   for   quite   a   while ,   and   it   has   been   amazing .   great   for   blowing   my   hair   straight ,   never   burns ,   and   dries   very   quickly .
love   it   i   bought   this   product   after   reading   about   it   in   a   magazine .   i   love   it .   it   drys   my   hair   very   quickly   and   without   frizz !
elevate   by   product   received   in   good   time   and   we   liked   it   because   it   was   requested   by   me   to   give   away   and   use
not   as   great   as   i   was   expecting   i   bought   this   because   i   was   looking   for   a   faster   drying ,   and   more   quiet   hair   dryer .   my   husband   always   complains   about   me   blow   drying   my   hair   in   the   mornings   before   he   gets   up .   in   all   honesty ,   i   can   t   tell   the   difference   between   this   one ,   and   my   previous   10   revlon   one   from   walmart .   it   takes   the   same   amount   of   time   to   dry   my   hair ,   and   to   me ,   it   doesn   t   seem   any   quieter .   i   do   like   the   idea   of   the   ions   leaving   your   hair   less   staticy   and   healthier ,   but   i   don   t   know   that   i   can   really   tell   the   difference .   my   husband   hasn   t   been   complaining   about   the   noise   as   much ,   but   i   don   t   know   if   its   because   he   knows   i   bought   a   new   hair   dryer   trying   to   please   him ,   or   if   it   s   actually   a   lower   frequency .   to   me ,   with   it   up   close   to   my   head ,   i   can   t   tell   a   difference .
great   dryer   pretty   nice   dryer   for   such   a   low   price .   the   device   works   fine   for   me .   and   it   has   many   features   such   as   the   interruption   key   for   temporally   disable   the   heater   and   blowing   cold   air .
awesome !   this   hair   dryer   is   the   best !   its   is   light   weight   and   it   leaves   your   hair   looking   beautiful .   it   has   2   temperatures   and   2   speeds   whisch   really   comes   in   handy ,   but   it   has   a   very   short   cord   which   may   interfere   with   your   styling   ability .   for   the   price   it   is   great  
good   size ,   perfect   little   traveler   great   little   hair   dryer   that   gives   you   what   you   need   without   being   too   huge   or   expensive .   great   for   small   spaces ,   after   gym ,   people   that   must   travel   with   a   dryer ,   and   i   imagine ,   people   with   easy   to   manage   hair .   this   is   definitely   a   no   frills ,   standard ,   and   simple   dryer .   if   you   re   looking   for   low   maintenance ,   low   budget ,   easy ,   this   is   it !
great   dryer , great   price   i   am   a   retired   hairdresser   , for   years   i   have   found   that   revlon   blow   dryers   just   keep   going ,   this   one   is   strong   enough   to   get   thick   hair   the   heat   is   needs   for   a   great   blow   out . i   have   my   pro   blow   dryer   but   with   tweenagers   always   around ,   having   this   for   them   to   use   at   the   house   is   great   and   nice   to   have   in   the   guest   bath .   very   happy   with   the   quality   and   durabilty .
quieter   than   my   last   hairdryer   works   well   and   i   don   t   feel   like   i   m   damaging   my   hearing   when   using   it .   shipped   quickly .   stores   well   and   electrical   cord   recoil   is   cool .
great   great   product !   i   bought   one   for   a   gift   and   one   for   myself !   easy   to   use ,   doesn   t   get   to   hot ,   and   lightweight !
love   it   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   a   few   months   ago   to   replace   my   old   one   a   different   brand   .   this   new   hair   dryer   is   as   powerful   as   my   last   one   which   i   loved   ,   but   much   quieter   and   my   hair   does   not   feel   frizzy   afterwards .   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   handle   is   peeling   a   little   at   the   bottom .
takes   forever   to   dry   my   hair   i   would   return   this   but   it   s   been   too   long .   i   almost   immediately   went   back   to   my   old   dryer   after   a   couple   of   times .   i   have   since   found   another   dryer   on   amazon   that   i   just   received   and   it   s   doing   a   wonderful   job .
works   great   great   product   at   a   great   price .   provides   just   the   right   temperature ,   and   dries   very   well .   have   had   no   issues   with   it   since   purchase .   highly   recommended .
quiet   and   light   this   is   one   of   the   best   hair   dryers   i   have   ever   used .   it   is   very   quiet   and   light .   since   it   s   an   ionic   it   leave   your   hair   smooth   and   shiny .   it   s   a   full   size   hairdryer   but   travels   very   well   since   it   s   so   lightweight .   i   would   highly   recommened   it ..
good   hair   dryer   and   not   over   priced   i   have   used   this   for   a   couple   of   weeks   now   and   am   very   pleased   with   this   hair   dryer .   it   was   not   overly   expensive   and   works   very   well ,   quickly   drying   the   hair .
great   gift   this   was   a   christmas   gift   and   was   what   my   daughter   asked   for .   it   meets   her   expectations   and   was   just   what   she   wanted .
love   it   i   am   picky   about   hairdryers   because   they   always   make   a   very   loud   sound   but   i   feel   like   the   power   and   force   just   isn   t   there .   this   conair   i   have   been   very   happy   with . it   is   strong   and   take   an   adequate   time   to   dry   my   hair .   if   this   ever   dies ,   i   will   buy   this   same   dryer   again .
hair   dryer   that   stores   nicely   away   but   easily   accessable   have   used   it   for   over   two   months   now   and   love   it .   easy   to   install   and   the   cord   stays   neat   on   the   hook .   powerful   enough   to   dry   my   short   and   in   less   than   3   minutes .   my   main   reason   for   purchasing   this   was   to   find   something   i   could   hang   on   the   wall   for   easy   access   to   use   daily   and   to   have   it   stored   nicely   in   our   main   bathroom   when   not   in   use .
best   i   have   purchased !   i   did   not   purchase   this   on   amazon .. i   purchased   from   a   local   sally   s   after   my   gold   n   hot   see   my   review   died   a   few   weeks   after   purchase .   the   attachment   to   this   one   seals   really   well   and   it   dries   like   a   pro !   true   tourmaline   technology .. though   most   dryers   say   the   hair   will   dry   silky   and   without   frizz .. this   one   actually   does   the   trick .   most   other   brands   do   not .   my   hair   was   so   straight   i   really   could   have   just   curled   it   instead   of   flat   ironing .   really   really   nice   dryer .   great   replacement   for   the   junk   i   thought   was   a   good   product .
this   blows ...   well !   it   s   a   hairdrier   and   it   works .   the   true   test   is   how   long   it   will   last ...   and   unfortunately ,   i   won   t   likely   come   back   and   review   it   in   a   few   years .
i   m   in   love   with   my   blow   dryer   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   it   s   so   quiet   and   it   does   an   outstanding   job .   my   friend   had   lended   me   hers   and   i   loved   it   so   i   went   out   and   purchase   one   of   my   own .
good   for   travel   we   use   this   dryer   when   we   in   europe .   it   is   small   and   packs   well ,   and   works   like   a   dryer   should .   nothing   negative   to   say ,   but   it   is   just   a   travel   dryer ,   and   5   stars   seemed   a   bit   much .
great   product !   after   using   this   blow   dryer   at   a   renaissance   hotel ,   i   was   surprised   at   how   soft   it   made   my   hair   feel   with   absolutely   no   frizz .   another   plus ,   it   also   dried   my   medium   textured   straight   hair   very   quickly .   the   retractable   cord   is   very   convenient   as   well   as   its   ability   to   fold .   the   included   concentrator   does   a   great   job   of   drying   your   roots   fast .   i   loved   this   blow   dryer   so   much ,   i   bought   my   daughter   one   for   her   college   dorm ,   and   she   loves   it   too .   thank   you   andis !
good   excellent   job   very   satisfied .   not   too   much   more   to   say   no   problems   worked   out   okie   dokie   smoky   a   okay   .
great   hairdryer !   i   have   naturally   curly   hair   and   this   hairdryer   plus   the   diffuser   have   really   brought   out   my   curls !   i   love   it !   i   use   the   setting   below   the   high   setting   and   then   put   it   on   cooler   air   as   i   am   finishing   up .   i   leave   it   a   little   bit   damp .   my   hair   is   never   frizzy   with   this   hairdryer .   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   about   this   hair   dryer   is   the   cord .   it   is   not   very   long .   i   would   recommend   this   hair   dryer ,   especially   if   you   have   curly   hair   and   like   the   use   the   diffuser .   the   price   is   not   bad   as   it   does   include   2   attachments   the   diffuser   and   another   one   to   localize   the   airflow   .   i   would   purchase   this   again ,   but   another   18   inches   of   cord   would   be   nice .
t3   i   was   disappointed   with   this   product .   it   states   it   dries   your   hair   70   faster ,   but   i   don   t   find   this   to   be   true .   also   the   switches   are   in   a   very   awkward   place   and   i   often   turn   them   off   by   accident   while   using   the   dryer .
great !   all   i   can   say   about   this   hair   dryer   is   that   my   wife   loves   it .   i   purchased   the   very   same   one   around   5   years   ago .   well ,   it   finally   died ,   but   since   it   was   so   good ,   i   purchased   another   one   for   my   wife .   she   says   that   it   works   faster   than   others   she   had   before ,   that   is   comfortable   to   hold   and   obviously   it   last   for   a   very   long   time .   she   highly   recommend   it !
great   hair   dryer ,   worth   every   penny   powerful !   a   little   heavy ,   but   not   bad .   i   can   dry   my   hair   in   10   mins ,   15   if   i   want   it   to   look   nice .   definitely   a   great   tool .
nice   heat ... but   not   quiet .   i   bought   this   as   a   gift   for   myself .   i   was   a   wee   bit   disappointed ,   as   it   didn   t   live   up   to   the   quietness   of   my   past   ionic   dryer .   it   blows   hard   and   is   quite   noisy   relative   to   it   even   on   the   low   blower   setting .   br   br   however ,   the   hand   set   is   comfortable   and   it   does   the   job   with   lots   of   blowing   noise .
neat   addition   to   kit   very   handy   for   the   grooming   kit ,   you   can   wash   up   and   dry   your   hair   quickly   without   having   to   wait   long   for   hair   to   dry
good   value   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   my   old   one   stopped   working .   this   seems   like   a   good   quality   buy ,   certainly   for   the   price ,   but   no   professional   dryer .
pretty   neat   little   dryer   my   wife   used   one   of   these   at   a   motel   we   stayed   in .   she   really   wanted   one   so   i   bought   it .   your   old   lady   will   dig   it   too   because   it   is   powerful   and   has   a   cord   reel .   you   will   hate   yourself   later   when   you   have   to   disassemble   it   to   dig   her   hair   out   of   it   because   she   complains   about   it   not   blowing   hard   like   it   used   to .   but   women   are   like   that ......... blah   blah   blah   complain   blah   blah .....   br   if   you   can   disassemble   this   thing ,   clean   it   and   re   assemble   it   in   working   order   before   she   needs   it   to   dry   her   wet   head   consider   yourself   lucky .   i   think   a   nuclear   bomb   would   be   easier   to   work   on .
bought   as   a   back   up   i   have   been   using   the   andis   ionic   ceramic   hair   dryer   for   years .   my   first   one   1600w   gave   up   the   ghost   several   years   ago   so   i   replaced   it   with   their   newest   model   1875w   at   that   time .   seeing   i   have   had   good   performance   with   this   dryer   i   decided   to   buy   a   back   up .
one   in   each   bathroom   i   have   had   2   of   these   for   a   couple   of   years .   the   one   that   is   used   by   3   people   daily   finally   went .   bought   again   because   its   convenient   and   has   decent   power .   added   a   third   one   to   my   daughters   room   to   free   up   the   bathroom .
buy   it !   this   hair   dryer   was   recommended   to   me   by   a   hair   stylist   at   the   salon   i   use .   it   works   beautifully .   a   little   heavier   than   my   former   conair   which   lasted   10   years   .   my   diffuser   fits   on   it .   has   a   cleanable   compartment   for   lint .
worst   hair   dryer .   the   hair   brush   and   combs   fall   off   when   you   use   them . the   hairdryer   specification   say   it   three   speed   but   fails   to   mention   it   only   works   on   one   speed   and   one   heat   setting   if   used   at   the   240   voltage ! ! ! ! !   br   i   feel   that   the   seller   fails   to   mention   the   limitations ...   who   buys   a   one   speed   one   heat   hair   dryer  
gift   list   my   sister   in   law   asked   for   this   hairdryer   for   christmas .   very   handy   for   all   the   travel   she   does .   she   is   very   happy   with   it .
worked   great   while   it   lasted ,   good   for   travel   this   hair   dryer   worked   great   while   it   lasted .   only   buy   it   if   you   are   looking   for   one   that   collapses   and   has   a   retractable   cord   for   travel .   otherwise ,   you   are   much   better   off   getting   something   else
great   turbo   air   flow   this   hair   dryer   is   small   and   easy   to   handle ,   but   the   best   thing   is   the   air   flow .   many   hair   dryers   use   the   word   turbo   in   their   description ,   but   this   one   truly   has   turbo   air   flow .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   leaves   it   shining .
works   well   works   as   it   should .   have   dropped   it   on   hard   wood   floor   a   few   times   and   it   has   still   worked   well   and   no   chipped   plastic .
not   as   described   this   dryer   is   not   featherweight   like   it   says   in   the   name .   it   weighs   about   the   same   as   the   one   i   was   already   using .   my   hair   does   not   dry   any   faster   and   is   not   made   any   smoother   than   it   was   with   my   old   dryer .   it   s   not   bad ,   just   ordinary .
t3   tourmaline   83808   professional   featherweight   ceramic   ionic   hair   i   love   it ! ! ! !   i   use   it   everyday .   one   of   the   best   blow   dryers   i   have   purchased .   my   hairstyles   uses   it   on   her   clients .
conair   225r   comfort   touch   i   have   used   it   a   few   times   and   it   works   very   well   for   the   price .   the   cord   could   be   a   little   longer   however .
does   a   good   job .   this   works   great   and   does   the   job   i   need   it   to   do .   i   m   giving   it   four   stars   instead   of   five   because   of   the   storage   issue .   i   don   t   like   having   to   cram   the   cord   and   extention   to   the   hood   back   inside   the   case   each   time .   i   would   prefer   a   slightly   larger   case   that   would   accomodate   everything   more   easily .
so   far   works   great !   bought   this   hairdryer   based   on   great   reviews   and   so   far   it   s   been   great .   lightweight   and   comes   with   a   couple   attachments   for   extra   shine   or   curly   hair .   get   s   the   job   done .
awesome   dryer   this   hair   dryer   works   great .   it   has   lots   of   power   and   dries   super   fast .   a   little   more   bulky   than   other   travel   hair   dryers   but   since   the   cord   retracts   into   the   handle ,   it   still   fits   in   my   carry   bag .
way   too   bulky ....   this   hairdryer   is   way   too   bulky , big ,   heavy .   makes   so   much   noise   that   it   almost   sound   like   airplane   propeller .   this   is   going   back .
favorite   thing   i   haven   t   had   a   dryer   with   attachments   since   high   school ,   but   this   thing   is   a   life   saver !   i   don   t   have   to   straighten   my   hair   when   i   use   the   small   tooth   comb   and   it   dries   my   hair   very   fast .   so   much   of   my   time   has   been   saved   since   i   got   this   wonderful   gadget .
loved   it   great   product   exactly   how   it   is   described .   you   can   t   beat   a   revlon   blow   dryer .   it   s   also   very   affordable   and   compact .
love   this   dryer .   drys   quickly ,   not   overly   noisy ,   switches   are   conveniently   placed   where   they   re   not   accidentally   moved   on   off   the   air   filter   can   be   removed   for   cleaning .   i   use   all   three   temperature   settings ,   both   fan   speeds ,   and   the   cool   shot   button .
i   love   my   vidal   sassoon   vs547   hair   dryer !   i   have   had   the   same   vidal   sassoon   dryer   for   years .   someone   big   stepped   on   the   plug   which   made   it   unsafe   to   use .   i   love   this   dryer ,   it   s   exactly   what   i   ve   been   using !   i   m   totally   satisfied   with   the   purchase .... thanks   for   the   quick   delivery !
quick   and   easy   i   have   owned   this   dryer   previously   and   was   looking   to   acquire   a   replacement   but   had   wanted   to   shop   this   out   sinceit   is   pricey   for   a   hair   dryer .   phenomenal   price   and   even   better   delivery   time .
my   hair   dryer   i   was   looking   for   a   smaller   unit   than   this   and   stil   i   am .   the   one   i   got   is   still   to   bulky   to   go   in   my   bags .
wonderful   high   powered   dryer   this   dryer   is   extremely   high   powered .   it   is   somewhat   heavy ,   but   i   love   the   grip   of   it   and   its   probably   slightly   heavy   because   it   really   is   high   powered   and   fast   drying
buen   secador   bueno   llego   en   perfecto   estado   y   funciona   muy   bien   , es   de   buena   potencia   y   el   indicado   para   relizar   la   el   secado
super   duper   dryer   i   bought   this   after   reviewing   every   review   of   every   hairdryer   online   to   replace   a   sharper   image   hairdryer   that   had   literally   split   at   the   seam .   br   br   i   got   mine   20   cheaper   on   sale   at   folica . com   with   a   2   year   warranty .   on   their   site   they   rate   it   as   the   best   hair   dryer   of   2012 .   br   br   the   dryer   itself   is   smaller   than   the   online   video   reviews   make   it   seem   youtube   and   is   nearly   the   same   size   as   my   previous   travel   size   dryer .   br   it   comes   with   2   diffuser   heads   and   a   case .   it   seems   very   sturdy   and   yes ,   it   has   dried   my   hair   in   half   the   time   of   my   previous   ionic   dryer .   br   br   note   that   the   ionic   setting   emits   less   heat   so   if   you   need   to   style   your   hair   you   ll   need   to   switch   to   the   other   position   for   more   heat .   br   br   i   have   round ,   straight   hair ,   fine   but   thick   and   this   dryer   takes   less   than   5   minutes   to   fully   dry   vs .   my   other   hair   dryer   i   would   dry   for   5   minutes   and   walk   out   the   door   with   wet   hair .   br   br   also ,   worth   noting   that   since   my   last   haircut   i   hadn   t   been   able   to   get   it   to   look   as   good   as   when   i   walked   out   of   the   salon   until   i   used   this   hair   dryer !   so   now   i   m   convinced   it   s   all   about   the   hairdryer ,   forget   everything   else .   totally   worth   your   money .   br   br   if   i   hadn   t   already   purchased   this   hairdryer   i   might   have   gone   for   the   solano   since   my   hairdresser   recommended   that   one   he   also   reminded   me   that   the   department   store   box   store   dryers   are   not   the   same   quality   ionic   dryers   and   you   need   at   least   1875   watts ...   but   this   one   is   nearly   half   the   weight   of   the   solano   and   pretty   darn   great .
this   hairdryer   started   sparking   and   burned   my   arm   i   bought   my   hair   dryer   about   6   months   ago .   i   wasn   t   overly   impressed   with   it .   it   never   seemed   to   get   as   hot   as   my   previous   t3   dryer   and   didn   t   smooth   my   hair   like   before .   the   topper   came   yesterday   when   the   dryer   started   sparking   as   i   was   using   it   leaving   a   nice   burn   on   my   arm .   i   thought   90   for   this   dryer   was   a   deal   compared   to   stores   but   truth   is   the   dryer   isn   t   worth   9 ! !   either   t3   is   making   really   cheap   products   or   this   is   a   knock   off .   buyer   beware ! !
bright   nightlight .   nightlight   is   very   bright !   beware   if   bathroom   is   off   the   bedroom ,   you   may   need   to   cover   it   to   tone   it   down .   otherwise ,   the   hairdryer   is   excellent   nice   to   be   able   to   set   power   for   either   1200   or   1600   watts   recessed   switch ,   takes   a   tool   .   then   you   have   high   low   finger   switch .
very   nice   my   hairdresser   comes   to   my   house   and   this   is   absolutely   perfect   for   home   use .   the   temperature   is   just   right   and   the   hood   is   comfortable .
defective   we   ordered   this   as   a   christmas   gift   on   the   recommendation   of   our   stylist .   she   spoke   highly   of   the   product   and   manufacturer .   however ,   upon   opening ,   the   dryer   did   not   work   on   the   high   setting .   we   will   need   to   return   it .
it   works   i   had   it   for   a   while   and   i   haven   t   had   any   problems   with   it .   what   more   is   there   to   say  
luv   it ! ! ! !   best   dryer   ever   it   let   my   hair   so   nice   and   without   freeze ! ! ! ! !   im   so   sad   that   i   drop   mine   by   mistake   after   3   years   that   i   have   it   with   me ,   but   ill   defenetly   buy   it   again ! ! !
loved   this !   speedy   shipment ,   easy   ordering ,   sent   just   as   described ,   awesome   product .   my   teen   aged   daughter   is   loving   this   hair   styler !   thanks !
love   it !   took   years   for   me   to   buy   a   new   hairdryer   and   i   will   never   wait   again   to   do   so .   this   hairdryer   has   power ,   works   great ,   on   the   quieter   side   of   blow   dryers   and   really   does   the   job !
love   this   dryer   i   m   a   professional   hairstylist   and   have   purchased   this   dryer   two   times .   my   old   one   broke   but   i   use   it   every   day   all   day   and   had   it   for   two   years .   the   new   one   seems   improved   from   last   time   with   a   better   sturdier   power   chord .   it   s   super   powerful   and   light   and   heats   up   to   the   perfect   temp   hot   but   not   overly   hot .   overall   i   love   it   and   it   makes   my   job   easier !
small   compact ,   but   powerful   throughout   extensive   travels ,   i   would   find   this   model   in   better   hotels   resorts   and   decided   to   get   one   for   myself .   really   good ,   easy   to   control   and   direct   to   exact   spots   for   drying   and   styling .   doesn   t   have   a   34   cool   shot   34   button ,   but   i   really   don   t   miss   it .
broke   after   two   uses   i   bought   this   for   my   mum   and   myself   for   christmas ...   didn   t   even   last   until   the   new   year   and   broke   after   two   lousy   uses .   biggest   waste   of   250   i   ve   ever   spent
infiniti   dryer   nice   product   with   a   lot   of   power .   i   love   how   the   cord   reels   up   inside   of   the   dryer   for   storage .   great   buy .
not   impressed   i   m   a   little   disappointed ,   andis .   br   br   i   bought   this   dryer   for   trips ,   and   it   does   what   it   needs   to   do   it   folds   up ,   it   dries   my   hair .   but   it   s   rather   loud ,   and   the   cord   isn   t   entirely   retractable ,   and   it   s   frankly   a   little   underpowered   it   s   slow .   is   it   fine   for   trips   yes .   but   i   ve   used   much   better ,   stronger   dryers   that   cost   far   less .   be   aware   you   re   paying   for   the   label ,   not   the   performance .   34   ceramic   34   oh   lord ,   that   is   truly   up   there   with   34   ionic   34   in   the   pantheon   of   absurd   34   just   paint   it   on   there   and   add   another   zero   to   the   price   34   labels !   i   don   t   hate   it ,   but   i   wouldn   t   buy   it   again .
fan   blades   fell   off   my   wife   has   used   this   dryer   for   eleven   months   without   complaint ,   until   now !   this   morning ,   all   six   internal   blower   blades   literally   just   suddenly   fell   apart .   what   is   otherwise   a   great   product   is   ruined   by   the   poorly   made   fan   blades .   it   s   obvious   that   the   blade   material   is   cheap   and   simply   can   t   hold   up .   do   not   buy   this   product ! ! !
would   buy   again   weight   is   good   and   the   air   preassure   is   great   too !   one   small   thing   i   don   t   like   about   it   is   the   button   location   for   the   temp .   my   fingers   wrap   around   that   part   of   the   handle   and   they   hit   that   button   and   change   the   temp .   i   would   buy   again   though ....
stopped   working   after   three   months   i   was   optimistic   about   this   hairdryer   but   a   few   weeks   in ,   a   rattling   noise   started .   then   after   a   few   months ,   it   totally   stopped   blowing   warm   air   and   i   m   have   to   replace   it .   would   not   recommend   this   product .   it   was   a   total   waste   of   money .
i   love   this   dryer   this   was   my   3rd   dryer   in   about   6   months   couldn   t   seem   to   find   one   with   the   right   amount   of   heat   and   airflow .   this   one   is   perfect .
pro   beauty   hair   dryer   great   product   for   the   price .   very   light   and   powerful .   you   don   t   have   to   spend   a   lot   of   money   for   a   good   hair   dryer .   you   won   t   be   disappointed !
great   product   and   great   delivery   i   ve   never   had   a   ceramic   hair   dryer   before   and   i   m   amazed   at   the   quality   and   functionality   of   this   one .   it   provides   a   consistent   heat   and   air   flow .   it   is   heavier   than   other   dryers   i   ve   owned   and   i   was   told   that   it   is   due   to   the   ceramic .   this   dryer   is   also   much   quieter   than   others   i   ve   used .   the   benefits   far   outweigh   a   few   ounces   of   extra   weight .
love   that   it   s   mounted   one   of   these   is   in   the   employee   bathroom   at   work   and   i   d   used   it   and   decided   i   wanted   one   at   home .   i   love   that   it   s   mounted   on   the   wall   and   out   of   the   way .   works   well   for   what   i   need .
excellent !   i   bought   two   dryers   this   is   very   good ! !   small ,   compact ,   easy   to   carry   on   any   trip !   the   design   is   beautiful   and   best   of   all   it   accepts   two   voltages !   excellent !
works   great !   it   works   great !   i   love   that   it   is   compact   and   the   cord   is   retractable .   my   only   complaint   is   the   cord   is   not   very   long .   my   outlet   is   above   my   sink   in   my   bathroom   so   the   length   of   the   cord   is   fine   for   me   there ,   but   if   i   were   using   an   outlet   close   to   the   floor   i   would   not   be   able   to   move   as   freely .
really   good   this   hair   dryer   is   awesome ,   the   price   is   great   and   it   has   serious   power   on   the   top   settings ,   you   have   to   be   careful   not   to   burn   your   face ,   i   have   short   hair   and   my   whole   head   is   dry   in   under   a   min   on   the   max   settings .   looks   good   and   feels   nice   in   your   hands ,   not   to   heavy .   my   girlfriend   loves   it
hair   dryer   we   are   enjoying   this   wall   mounted   hair   dryer   very   much .   it   was   a   gift   but   we   are   both   enjoying   it .
great   product   worked   just   like   it   is   supposed   to   really   like   the   dryer   got   the   job   done   in   half   the   time   of   my   old   blower .   will   recommend   this   to   anyone .
my   daughter   loves   it   bought   this   for   my   daughter   for   christmas   and   she   has   been   using   it   to   dry   her   hair   ever   since .   she   really   likes   the   hello   kitty   theme   and   it   functions   well .
love   it   works   great   ,   does   what   it   is   supposed   to   do   which   is   dry   hair   ..   yes   the   outer   finish   starts   to   peal   a   little   bit   around   the   handle   but   no   big   deal   ..   its   a   blow   dryer   not   a   pair   of   shoes .   the   cost   was   great   too !
love   it   this   blow   dryer   is   pretty   impressive !   i   ve   had   it   for   a   few   months   now   and   am   still   happy   with   it .   it   dries   my   hair   fast   and   leaves   it   smooth .   it   is   actually   better   than   my   old   120   blow   dryer !   definitely   recommend !
love   it   very   strong   heat   and   durable   product .   i   use   it   every   day   with   clients   and   it   works   great !   looks   good   too !
cute   but   cold !   this   blow   dryer   is   cute ,   but   has   no   air   blowing   power   and   barely   heats   to   a   warm   temperature .   i   gave   up   trying   to   dry   my   hair .
great   hair   dryer   unit   shipped   and   arrived   within   estimated   time .   my   husband   installed   it   the   same   day   and   found   installation   very   easy .   i   do   have   to   agree   with   others   that   the   night   light   is   quite   bright .   i   do   partially   close   the   door   to   our   master   bath   because   of   the   light ,   since   our   bathroom   is   connected   to   our   bedroom .   no   complaints   about   using   the   hair   dryer .   it   is   certainly   quieter   than   our   other   one .   would   definitely   purchase   another .
great   blowdryer   this   blow   dryer   is   lightweight   and   powerful .   i   have   thick   keratin   relaxed   hair   and   it   tames   my   hair   beautifully .   it   gets   very   hot   which   i   need   and   the   airflow   is   strong .   there   is   a   cool   shot   that   helps   with   sealing   in   a   curl   or   wave .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product .
great   product !   a   great   product   for   a   great   price !   i   am   glad   i   bought   it .   it   is   more   than   i   expected .   .
very   good !   it   is   a   great   hair   dryer .   my   roommate   use   it   every   day   and   very   comfortable !   it   is   a   very   good   choice   for   this   price !
compra   excelente   los   tiempos   de   entrega ,   la   ropa   llego   en   buen   estado .   buenos   vendedores ,   excelente   el   producto   los   recomiendo   para   futuras   compras
nice   product   i   got   tired   of   taking   the   dryer   out   of   the   cabinet   and   putting   it   back   and   the   kids   34   stealing   34   mine   and   not   putting   it   back .   problems   solved !   it   s   attached   to   the   wall   i   only   wished   it   was   a   little   stronger   hotter .
hair   dryer   for   traveling   bought   it   for   my   daughter   for   christmas .   it   was   just   what   she   wanted .   it   had   everything   that   she   wanted   and   more .
inefficient   customer   service   shipment   was   missing   a   piece .   it   took   forever   for   them   to   figure   out   what   piece   i   was   missing .   repeatedly   asked   them   to   overnight   the   missing   piece   because   i   was   going   out   of   town .   apparently   they   overlooked   that   part   of   the   email .   hopefully   they   sent   the   right   piece .   this   review   is   based   on   the   customer   service ,   not   on   whether   the   product   works   well .
disappointed   this   dryer   is   only   1800   watts   i   am   sorry   i   didn   t   read   closer ,   if   the   wattage   was   noted ,   and   purchase   a   more   high   powered   dryer .   i   didn   t   return   this   one   because   i   discarded   everything   before   realizing   it .   br   mary   in   va
best   hair   dryer   of   this   kind   i   have   ever   bought .   i   love   the   compact ,   lightweight   design   and   3   different   heat   settings   cold   shot .   great   for   a   small   apartment .   i   ve   been   using   this   dryer   at   least   once   a   week   for   the   past   4   months   and   have   had   no   problems   so   far .   attachment   helps   focus   the   air   flow   and   is   a   nice   addition .   only   complaint   so   far   is   that   the   plug   is   a   bit   too   smooth ,   so   it   s   hard   to   handle   when   i   have   hair   product   on   my   hands .
great   while   it   lasted   over   4   years   i   bought   this   from   duane   reade   over   4   years   ago .   i   loved   the   compact   design ,   it   was   perfect   for   my   tiny   apartment   and   the   cold   shot   worked   well .   it   served   me   well   for   over   4   years   before   the   gfci   plug   crapped   out .   a   replacement   plug   head   was   more   expensive   than   the   dryer   and   would   have   required   some   soldering   or   wire   splicing   or   something ,   so   i   gave   up   on   it .
hair   dries   fast   totally   recomended ! !   hair   dries   very   fast ,   i   just   got   mine   and   im   pleased   using   it   every   day   since   i   got   it
nice   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   attractive   and   a   good   hair   dryer .   my   hair   can   sometimes   be   frizzy ,   but   with   this   dryer ,   i   can   get   it   nice   and   smooth .   i   dry   it   all   the   way   and   then   use   the   cold   blast   for   smooth   hair .
does   not   match   a   description   it   is   very   noisy !   i   was   looking   for   a   quiet   hair   dryer .   i   would   recommend   to   update   a   description .   i   have   a   old   hair   dryer   that   is   much   more   quiet   the   conair   225r   comfort   touch   tourmaline   ceramic   1875   watt   hair   dryer
its   a   small   hair   dryer !   i   bought   this   as   a   gift   for   my   sister   in   law   for   christmas ..   she   hasent   opened   it   yet   so   not   sure   how   good   it   is   yet .
excellent   this   did   a   great   job .   what   i   loved   most   was   how   compact   and   easy   it   was   to   use .   i   highly   recommend !
convenient   size   got   this   to   use   on   my   dog   who   needed   to   be   bathed   almost   every   day .   gets   the   job   done   quickly   which   is   what   i   wanted .   have   owned   it   for   five   months   and   hope   that   it   has   a   long   life .
awesome   blowdryer ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   this   s   the   best   blow   dryer   that   i   have   ever   used ! ! !   dries   hair   quickly   and   leaves   a   beautiful   shine .   also   very   nice   long   cord   which   makes   it   easy   to   use .
very   nice .   this   hair   dryer   has   lots   of   power .   i   liked   it   a   lot .   i   would   recommend   it .   end .   finished .   done .   bye
functional   and   practical   i   have   a   small   bathroom   and   wanted   to   leave   the   little   space   i   had   on   the   vanity   for   other   things .   this   mounted   easily   on   a   wooden   cabinet   i   had   next   to   the   vanity .   the   dryer   is   small   not   one   of   those   fancy   hairdresser   models !   but   for   what   i   need   it   for   it   works   just   great .
nice   there   was   a   comb   that   fit   my   texture   of   hair   perfectly .   the   only   thing   is   that   this   baby   gets   hot !
works   great .   just   what   i   wanted .   light   weight   and   the   switches   to   turn   it   off   and   on   and   the   intensity   are   easy   for   me   to   use .   i   have   ms   and   have   a   hard   time   with   switches .
bought   for   use   by   guests   since   we   moved   south ,   we   have   had   many   guests .   finally ,   we   decided   to   just   34   outfit   34   the   guest   bathroom .   all   of   our   friends   who   use   this   hair   dryer   comment   about   how   nice   it   is .   apparently ,   it   s   a   hit !
less   noisy   this   drys   my   hair   in   five   minutes   and   i   have   a   ton   of   fine   hair .   much   quieter   than   my   last   dryer   to   the   point   i   wondered   if   it   was   working   right .   works   great   for   over   a   month   now   and   easy   to   clean   the   intake   on   the   end   of   dust .   not   too   big   to   store   in   our   vanity   drawers .
excellent   value   warehouse   deal .   for   about   12   you   couldn   t   go   wrong .   arrived   quickly   and   blows   hot   air .... what   more   could   one   want   so   much   better   than   e   bay !
christmas   gift   my   husband   has   used   the   same   travel   hair   dryer   for   15   years   and   had   a   new   dryer   on   his   wish   list .   he   wanted   a   small ,   easy   to   carry   dryer .   searched   amazon   and   found   the   perfect   gift   for   him .
christmas   gift   i   hope   it   is   what   she   wanted .   it   came   very   quick   and   pleased   with   what   i   have   seen .   affordable   too .
cheap   hair   dryer   with   no   power   this   hair   dryer   was   a   waste   of   money .   br   br   the   cord   is   far   too   short   for   proper   styling   unless   you   are   standing   within   2   feet   of   power   socket .   br   br   the   warm   setting   is   cool   br   br   on   the   hot   setting   only   the   inner   part   of   the   dryer   blows   hot   hair   and   the   outer   rim   is   cool   air   which   makes   the   hot   setting   basically   a   warm .   br   br   very   disappointed   i   would   pay   15   20   for   this   as   my   local   cvs .
it   is   huge   wow ,   it   is   huge   ...   and   not   just   huge   for   a   34   portable   34   ...   i   mean   huge .   now   maybe   it   s   because   this   baby   is   an   1875   watt   job   and   all   our   other   current   and   prior   hair   dryers   are   1600   or   less .   when   it   is   open ,   it   is   bigger   than   any   other   hair   dryer   we   have   ever   owned .   when   it   is   closed   folded ,   for   34   travel   34   heh ,   like   this   would   handily   fit   in   a   suitcase   this   thing   is   almost   as   big   as   my   dopp   shaving   bag   .   fortunately   we   travel   more   by   ground   so   we   don   t   worry   much   about   suitcase   space .   br   br   and ,   as   others   have   mentioned ,   the   cord   does   not   reel   in   all   the   way   without   help   or   retries .   we   can   live   with   that .   even   once   the   cord   is   stored ,   the   cordstop   leaves   about   a   foot   of   cord   out .   it   wasn   t   a   surprise   because   other   reviewers   have   mentioned   this   too .   br   br   on   the   plus   side   it   does   dry   hair   quickly .   fyi ,   all   the   girls   in   our   family   have   long   thick   hair .   br   br   a   very   important   feature   this   dryer   has   and   a   major   reason   i   chose   it   is   that   it   does   have   a   34   medium   34   heat   setting .   most   just   have   high   and   low ,   with   low   being   very   low .   the   reason   34   medium   34   is   important ,   especially   on   a   high   wattage   unit ,   is   that   34   high   34   can   blow   circuit   breakers .   if   you   don   t   whether   you   have   20amp   service   on   an   outlet ,   you   may   really   want   the   medium   setting .   ever   try   to   get   a   hotel   to   reset   your   breaker   while   your   wife   s   hair   is   wet   the   34   medium   34   setting   dries   hair   just   fine .   the   high   setting   dries   hair   scary   fast ,   but   i   m   not   sure   how   good   that   much   heat   is   for   your   hair   in   the   long   run ,   but   it   is   nice   to   have   when   you   re   in   a   hurry .   br   br   a   word   of   advice   about   any   high   wattage   appliance   with   a   cord   reel   always   pull   the   cord   all   the   way   out   regardless   of   how   much   you   need .   i   don   t   know   if   it   tells   you   that   in   the   manual   but   it   s   always   a   good   idea   because   a   coiled   cord   carrying   a   lot   of   current   will   get   hot .   from   staring   at   this   unit ,   it   is   possible   the   hair   dryer   draws   the   cold   intake   air   across   the   cord   reel   so   they   might   have   thought   of   that   already   but   i   wouldn   t   rely   on   that .   br   br   anyway ,   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   as   long   as   you   know   before   buying   about   its   size   and   the   price   is   certainly   right . the   cord   reel   so   they   might   have   thought   of   that   already   but   i   wouldn   t   rely   on   that .   br   br   anyway ,   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer   as   long   as   you   know   before   buying   about   its   size   and   the   price   is   certainly   right .
great   product   the   hair   dryer   itself   is   light   weight   and   easy   to   handle .   it   also   dries   faster   than   the   average   hair   dryer .   great   buy !
read   the   fine   print   it   was   much   smaller   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   it   really   looked   like   a   toy .   i   didn   t   read   the   details   close   enough ,   i   guess   so   i   didn   t   realize   it   was   only   1200   amps   instead   of   1875 .   i   decided   to   give   t   to   a   little   girl   instead   of   the   adult   i   originally   purchased   it   for .
lukewarm   it   s   more   or   less   sufficient   for   my   thin   hair   and   semi   bald   head ,   but   the   hottest   setting   is   no   more   than   warm   ish .   other   than   that ,   works   well .
andis   33805   micro   turbo   hair   dryer   i   love   it .   it   s   very   compact   and   lives   up   to   all   of   the   product   descriptions .   i   would   buy   it   again .
hair   dryer   i   received   this   last   week   and   i   love   it .   the   only   reason   i   didn   t   give   it   five   stars   is   because   assembling   it   was   a   little   more   time   consuming   than   i   anticipated .   after   i   put   it   together   the   adjustable   rod   didn   t   move   up   and   down   as   smoothly   as   i   would   have   liked   but   for   the   price   everything   was   great .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   who   is   looking   for   a   dryer .   it   gets   hot   enough   and   it   is   very   quiet   compared   to   most   hair   dryers   that   i   have   had   in   the   past   which   is   a   plus .   it   is   quite   large   so   make   sure   you   have   the   space   to   store   it   if   you   do   purchase   it .   overall   a   great   product   and   i   m   very   happy   with   it !
switch   defective   the   product   is   good .   working   properly ,   the   variable   speed   switch   is   defective .   it   s   not   going   on   high .   please   help   ! ! !
great   blower !   love   this   blower ,   it   works   great .   it   doesn   t   have   the   button   issue   for   me   like   other   reviewers   said .   i   would   recommend   it .
finally   a   value   hairdryer   with   some   oomph !   three   heat   settings ,   three   fan   settings ,   a   truly   cold   34   cold   shot   34   ,   and   tons   of   power .   as   my   hair   has   been   getting   longer ,   i   ve   been   cutting   it   close   for   work   in   the   morning   and   realized   it   s   the   dang   hairdryer !   it   took   forever   for   me   to   dry   my   hair .   i   went   through   2   dryers   from   the   box   store   both   returned   and   couldn   t   find   the   one .   i   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   gazillion   dollars !   so   for   the   price ,   the   remington   pearl   is   a   miracle .   it   s   the   best   hairdryer   i   ve   ever   used   and   i   can   get   to   work   on   time   now !
good   article   to   receive   and   open   it   seems   of   good   quality   wine   in   a   box   well   protected .   the   number   of   stars   not   complete   because   i   have   not   completely   exceeds   my   expectations
wall   hair   dryer   put   this   in   our   bathroom   at   our   oceanfront   rental   condo ,   and   it   works   great .   nice   to   be   able   to   offer   guests   an   option   instead   of   them   having   to   bring   their   own .
a   little   weak   i   have   long   hair   which   gets   frizzy   if   i   don   t   use   a   diffuser   with   the   drying .   when   i   use   the   diffuser   with   this   dryer ,   it   is   not   very   powerful ,   works   great   without   it .
good   hair   dryer   pretty   good   for   people   trying   to   keep   their   hair   natural   without   adding   chemicals .   very   quick   and   has   different   settings   to   get   hair   dried   well .
great   blow   dryer   it   does   eactly   what   it   says   it   would   do !   i   get   so   many   compliments   on   my   long   hair   and   it   takes   10   minutes ! ! ! !
easy   to   use   easy   to   use ,   nice   grip .   good   handle   and   item   reached   on   time .   no   hassles   and   meets   my   simple   needs   to   dry   my   hairs   after   shower .
love   this   hair   dryer ! !   i   read   the   reviews   for   the   many   different   andis   hair   dryers   and   finally   decided   on   this   one .   it   is   great .   dries   my   hair   quickly   without   causing   it   to   be   fly   away   and   frizzy .   great   purchase !
still   works   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   at   least   since   high   school   it   s   been   so   long   i   can   t   remember ,   probably   around   8   years .   i   don   t   use   it   everyday ,   but   it   still   works   great !
price   quality   ratio   is   excellent   this   is   an   amazing   hair   dryer   for   this   money .   nice   design ,   comfortable   handle .   it   has   exceeded   my   expectations .   love   it !
great   small   hairdryer   if   you   have   short   hair ,   it   works   well   not   sure   how   it   would   work   with   long   hair .   easy   to   pack   for   travel
revlon   turbo   dryer   product   performs   as   expected .   all   plastic   housing   beats   the   partial   rubberized   housing   of   my   old   revlon   dryer .   the   rubber   on   the   old   housing   becomes   extremely   tacky .
great   hair   dryer   this   is   the   second   one   i   bought .   my   daughter   took   the   first   one   because   she   liked   it   so   much .   i   hope   to   get   a   lot   of   use   from   it .
great   hair   dryer   the   hair   dryer   works   good   drys   hair   fast .   however   when   we   revived   it   the   retractable   cord   button   didn   t   work   other   than   that   this   is   one   of   the   strongest   hair   dryers   we   ever   used .
does   a   good   job   i   have   had   expensive   blow   dryers   but   after   research   on   the   web ,   i   decided   to   try   this   one   based   on   an   article   about   the   best   blow   dryers   at   any   price .   i   do   like   it   and   think   it   does   a   great   job   on   my   hair   and   i   am   etremely   picky   however   the   downside   is   a   short   cord .   i   have   had   to   accomodate   by   drying   my   hair   in   the   bath   vs .   my   room .   the   expensive   ones   have   a   much   longer   cord   however ,   i   will   get   used   to   it   eventually .
the   cord   is   too   short .   the   price   is   great   but   the   cord   is   too   short .   it   came   with   all   the   attachments   but   it   would   have   been   so   nice   if   the   cord   was   a   little   bit   longer ,   especially   if   the   outlet   is   almost   to   the   floor .
shipped   fast   product   is   light   and   powerful .   it   is   also   very   quiet .   this   is   a   huge   improvement   over   my   last   hair   dryer
decent   little   dryer   we   needed   a   hair   dryer   for   my   baby   after   getting   out   of   the   tub .   this   little   dryer   does   the   trick .   it   gets   a   little   hot   when   on   the   high   speed ,   but   as   long   as   i   hold   it   several   inches   away   from   his   head ,   it   s   fine .   can   t   beat   the   price   and   the   size ,   it   fits   nicely   in   a   top   drawer   when   we   have   guests .
best   lil   hair   dryer   found   this   hair   dryer   while   on   business   while   staying   at   one   of   the   marriots .   i   could   not   believe   how   fast   it   dried   my   hair ,   with   very   low   heat   and   lots   of   air ,   not   to   mention   how   shiny   it   was .   so   i   decided   to   order   my   very   own .   my   hair   has   never   been   easier   to   dry   and   style ..... and   best   of   all   my   precious   dog   gets   his   fur   blown   out   by   this   hair   dryer   as   well   and   his   fur   is   dry   at   super   speed .   what   a   great   product   and   great   price .   last   year   i   purchased   one   of   these   fancy   dryers   and   all   of   a   sudden   it   stopped   blowing   out   hot   air ,   what   a   waste .... but   perfect   timing   for   this   little   baby .   i   am   hooked   on   this   one .
good   value   this   dryer   is   perfect   for   the   intended   purpose   which   is   an   efficient ,   small   package   at   a   very   resonable   price .   the   air   flow   and   heat   settings   are   good   with   well   marked   and   designed   switches .   the   folding   handle   and   variable   voltage   make   it   ideal   for   travel   as   well .   br   br   would   definitely   buy   again .
drys   well   it   s   good   but   very   very   heavy   and   hard   to   hold .   does   a   good   job   but   is   difficult   to   hang   on   to
so   nice   bought   this   dryer   for   taveling   and   for   easy   storage .   i   love   this   dryer   and   so   glad   i   bought   it .   so   nice .
it   is   lite   weight   to   handle   for   easy   styling ...   love   the   cool   button ,   which   holds   the   style   in   place   after   the   brush   is   removed .   my   hair   is   styled   much   better   due   to   settings .....
nice   product   very   nice   product ,   but   sometimes   seems   to   actually   get   to   hot .   also   the   cord   is   long   which   is   nice   however   it   seems   to   get   tangled   easily .
it   blows   which   is   what   it   s   supposed   to   do .   br   loud ,   but   what   dryer   isn   t   br   overall   seems   to   be   pretty   good .   i   keep   it   in   a   suitcase   for   traveling .
does   not   frizz   hair   i   really   like   this   hair   dryer .   maybe   it   s   because   ours   was   old   and   no   longer   did   the   ion   thing ,   but   this   one   prevents   frizz   and   dries   hair   very   quickly .   and   its   not   huge .   it   s   a   normal   size   in   my   opinion ,   smaller   than   many   in   the   market .   could   not   ask   for   more   in   a   hair   dryer .
conair   hair   dryer   great   dryer   with   good   fan   speeds .   quieter   than   most   without   hurting   your   ears   with   high   pitched   noise .   the   cool   down   button   lets   you   customize   your   heat .   folds   up   for   easy   packing .   we   own   4   of   these   as   they   will   probably   quit   making   them   for   something   of   less   quality   soon .
oster   hair   dryer   works   well ,   was   a   direct   replacement   for   old   unit ,   so   it   was   very   easy   to   reinstall ,   handy   to   use   from   wall   mount
why   did   i   wait   i   didn   t   realize   how   close   to   death   my   old   dryer   had   gotten   until   this   one   arrived .   it   dries   my   hair   much   more   quickly   and   although   it   isn   t   quiet   it   s   a   much   more   tolerable   noise   than   the   whine   my   old   one   had   developed .   it   is   a   bit   heavy ,   but   i   like   that ... makes   it   feel   sturdy   and   well   made .   the   finish   is   nice   too ... kind   of   velvety .   i   definitely   recommend   this   dryer !
great   hair   dryer ! ! !   wife   uses   it   daily .... says   it   is   much   quieter   and   lighter   than   previous   versions ,   and   does   a   great   job   and   it   easy   to   use ... would   recommend   buying   this   item ! ! !
perfect   don   t   hesitate ,   it   works   perfectly .   very   fast .   .   .   .   .   .   ..   ..   .   .   .   .   .   .
amazing   i   love   it .   it   s   quick ,   it   s   so   pretty   and   girly   and   nice ,   but   just   one   little   issue   br   the   cold   button   isn   t   really   letting   out   cold   air   like   other   hair   dryers ,   and   it   only   works   if   you   keep   pressing   it ,   which   can   be   quite   tricky   and   therefore   annoying .
hair   dryer   is   one   of   best !   dries   my   hair   really   fast !   love   the   product   and   would   highly   recommend .   my   daughter   loved   it   also .   product   received   on   time .
excelente   excelente   muy   buena   calidad   es   preciosa   a   mi   hija   le   gusto   mucho   y   soy   de   venezuela   y   todo   fue   rapido
thought   it   was   going   to   be   more   powerful ...   i   had   a   conair   yellowbird   pro   which   is   an   awesome   dryer .   i   had   it   for   so   many   years   the   styling   pick   had   developed   a   crack .   thought   i   would   upgrade ,   and   this   blackbird   seemed   like   a   good   choice .   br   br   it   s   not   a   bad   dryer .   i   m   thankful   it   is   2000   watts .   but ,   it   doesn   t   seem   to   move   the   air   as   strong   as   my   yellowbird   does .   it   seems   a   little   underpowered ,   i   m   still   going   to   search   for   perhaps   a   2200   watt   dryer ,   if   i   can   find   one .   i   want   a   dryer   that   has   more   power ,   not   necessarily   more   heat .   br   br   heat   settings   are   good   the   highest   heat   is   quite   hot .   i   use   the   second   highest   setting .   it   s   nice   to   also   have   a   no   heat   setting .   but   the   no   heat   only   works   on   low   power ,   with   is   useless .   next   time ,   i   ll   make   sure   that   i   get   the   conair   that   has   the   cool   shot   button   that   cuts   the   heat   while   keeping   the   speed   high .   br   br   not   a   bad   dryer   does   the   job ,   and   certainly   better   that   the   1875   watt   piece   of   junk   you   get   at   the   drugstore .   consider   a   different   model   if   airspeed   is   important   to   you .
excellent ! ! !   i   have   one   in   my   guest   bathroom   and   my   visitors   can   use   it .   you   dont   have   to   looking   one   in   the   lower   of   the   lavatory .
its   a   blow   dryer   it   blows ...   it   blows   hot   air ...   its   uses   that   hot   air   to   dry   your   hair .   i   dont   have   much   hair ,   but   what   i   do   have   gets   dried .   seriously   i   dont   know   what   else   to   say .   if   i   was   a   woman   with   a   ton   of   hair   then   i   d   say   invest   in   a   better   hair   dryer .   this   one   seems   34   sufficient   34   but   thats   it .
love   the   convenience   this   is   my   second   of   the   same   model .   previous   one   was   used   every   day   for   over   5   years   exceptional   value   for   money .
dries   hair   really   fast   dries   hair   really   fast   as   it   has   good   volume   of   air   and   the   air   temperature   is   just   right .   only   problem   is   that   it   works   for   110   v   ac   us   domestic   voltage   only .
is   great ...   yo   compre   esto   para   mi   hija   y   le   encanto   le   salva   mucho   tiempo   y   dinero   cada   ves   que   ella   quiere   hacerce   el   pelo
good   replacement   i   replaced   my   old   one   with   this   dryer .   my   daughter   has   one   like   it   and   i   love   the   amount   of   air   produced .   i   have   long ,   thick   hair   and   drying   it   is   a   snap   with   this   dryer .
not   great ... not   bad   chose   this   dryer   because   of   the   good   reviews .   has   a   few   annoying   features   double   buttons   heat   and   speed   and   hard   not   move   both   when   one   only   needs   to   move   one .   also   not   that   strong   and   so   doesn   t   dry   very   quickly .   finally ,   sometimes   the   concentrator   falls   off .   however ,   it   was   not   expenssive   so   you   get   what   you   pay   for .
just   terrible   i   bought   this   because   it   was   cute   and   other   1875   watt   dryers   seemed   to   do   the   trick   before .   this   is   just   awful   if   you   have   thick   hair .   it   is   very   weak   and   i   can   hear   things   popping   inside .
revlon   rv408   1875   watt   full   size   trubo   dryer ,   black   it   s   a   nice   dryer .   it   works   well .   i   don   t   really   use   any   of   the   special   features ,   although   it   has   the   3   heat   settings   and   1   cooling   setting .   i   just   dry   my   hair .
styler   it   works   as   i   desired ,   without   blowing   my   hair   with   a   blast .   it   is   a   gentle   air   for   fine   hair .
nice   product   the   item   was   packaged   well   but   we   were   missing   the   diffuser   for   some   reason   not   sure   what   happened   but   package   was   received   very   quickly .
new   dryer   my   wife   loves   it   and   the   night   light   is   very   nice .   she   uses   it   every   day   and   finds   it   really   works   good
great   dryer !   it   works   fast ,   quietly   and   better   than   much   higher   priced   hair   dryers .   i   love   the   shine   it   leaves   with   minimal   effort   and   time .
great   hair   dryer !   i   really   love   this   hair   dryer .   my   hair   always   looks   nice   and   smooth   and   silky   after   using   it   and   it   dries   my   thick   hair   really   fast .
wow   my   hair   has   come   out   fantastic   every   time   with   this .   the   attachments   are   great .   the   only   thing   is   that   the   attachments   are   hard   to   get   on ... but   it   works .   love   it   and   highly   recommend .
convenient   wall   mount   dryer   i   had   the   same   hair   dryer   for   about   six   years ,   then   it   gave   up .   i   really   didn   t   want   to   have   to   find   another   kind   and   change   the   mounting   bracket ,   etc .   so   i   ordered   the   same   model   number   and   the   bracket   was   still   the   same !   yeah !   i   was   able   to   change   it   out   myself !
so   far   so   good   i   have   long   wavy   hair   and   i   bought   this   because   it   came   with   a   diffuser   attachment .   it   clicks   in   no   problem   as   well   as   the   concentrator   but   i   ve   only   used   it   once   and   you   can   easily   take   it   off .   the   cord   is   longer   so   if   you   have   a   larger   bathroom ,   it   helps .   it   also   has   a   hook   on   the   base   of   the   handle ,   you   can   kind   of   see   it   in   the   picture ,   which   helps   with   storage   if   you   choose   to   hang   it   up .   i   use   it   on   the   hot   heat ,   low   setting   and   i   don   t   see   a   lot   of   frizz   even   without   product .   it   dries   my   hair   quickly   without   it   being   noisy .   but   if   you   use   it   on   the   high   setting ,   it   gets   noisy .   overall ,   i   love   this   dryer .   so   far .   i   ll   post   another   review   if   anything   bad   happens   to   the   dryer .
is   small   but   powerfull !   everytime   i   take   it   of   by   bag   at   the   gym ,   girls   start   laughing ,   but   when   they   see   me   using   it   and   the   results ,   they   ask   me   where   i   got   it ... i   very   proud   of   my   purchase !   d
i   like   it   i   bought   this   product   in   order   to   use   it   when   i   moved ,   i   tried   it   and   it   seems   pretty   good .
love   this   blowdryer !   such   a   great   tool !   it   makes   hair   drying   much   faster ,   and   my   hair   never   stays   curly .   it   drys   almost   all   straight .
compact   dryer   works   well   for   fine   hair   if   you   are   looking   for   a   lightweight   dryer   that   doesn   t   create   hurricane   force   winds   this   is   the   one .   my   hair   is   short   medium   length   and   fine .   i   don   t   need   a   mega   dryer   that   sound   like   an   aircraft .   this   is   a   compact   little   thing   that   fits   the   bill .   it   is   also   a   tad   quieter   than   the   typical   1875   watt   dryer .   two   settings   high   hot   and   low   warm   work   great   for   creating   a   curl   wave   with   a   round   brush .   would   recommend   for   short   to   medium   length   fine   hair .
best   hair   dryer .   i   love   it !   i   have   very   frizzy   hair ,   but   after   i   wash   my   hair   and   use   this   to   dry   it   up   it   makes   my   hair   soft   and   smooth .   br   i   would   recommend   this   dryer   to   my   friends .
just   what   i   needed   i   was   looking   for   an   affordable   hair   dryer   and   picked   this   one   based   on   other   reviews ,   and   its   worked   great   for   me .   br   you   can   change   the   settings   enough   to   get   any   kind   of   speed   or   temperature ,   and   since   you   can   fold   the   handle   it   s   easy   to   store   in   a   small   bathroom   drawer .   br   the   retractable   cord   is   a   plus   too ,   and   it   doesn   t   get   all   tangled   up   with   your   other   junk .   no   complaints !
good   product   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   about   it   is   the   dryer   cord   plugs   into   the   wall .   my   last   wall   mounted   dryer   had   a   separate   power   cord   from   the   wall   mount .   just   note   this   if   your   mounting   the   dryer   and   your   electrical   outlet   isn   t   close   by .   otherwise ,   i   would   recommend   this   product .
hair   dryer   really   nice   hair   dryer .   is   for   a   gift   and   i   m   sure   she   will   love   it .   i   like   the   way   the   handle   folds .
good   ship   very   fast , stuff   is   good !   i   like   it !   good   styff   , i   love   it   , very   nice   good   !   good   good   good   !   very   good   !
truly   professional   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   after   watching   a   series   of   blow   drying   tutorials .   i   researched   a   lot   about   hair   dryers   since   this   was   my   first   purchase .   i   wanted   to   invest   in   a   decent   blow   dryer   which   would   last   me   for   atleast   an   year .   i   have   wavy   hair   and   i   have   recently   got   a   layer   cut   done   with   a   scoop .   i   understood   the   need   of   a   good   blow   dryer   to   get   that   wow   look   that   you   get   after   a   salon   visit .   i   must   say   the   elchim   professional   2001   truly   met   all   my   expectations .   the   dryer   is   quite   light   and   easily   manageable   by   blow   dry   virgins .   if   you   are   planning   to   buy   a   blow   dryer   for   the   first   time ,   then   i   would   suggest   you   to   go   for   this   one .   this   2000   watt   dryer   is   very   powerful   and   straightens   your   hair   instantly .   all   you   need   a   ceramic   jumbo   round   brush   from   brush   lab   and   this   powerful   device   to   create   the   look   you   have   always   craved   for .   i   am   really   happy   with   the   results . my   husband   always   admires   my   hair   now   and   i   simply   can   t   stop   blushing ...   i   wanted   a   red   and   black   combi   dryer ,   but   they   sent   me   a   black   one   instead .   thats   ok .   when   this   breaks ,   i   m   gonna   simply   make   another   purchase   of   the   same   product .
disappointed .   i   bought   my   first   t3   for   the   weight ,   noise ,   and   ionic   benefits .   i   had   a   t3   for   years   and   loved   the   performance .   however   the   construction   was   shabby   from   day   one .   the   nozzle   would   not   stay   in   place .   i   ended   up   taping   it   on .   when   it   finally   died ,   i   replaced   it   with   another   t3   thinking   the   first   one   was   a   lemon .   this   last   one   also   disappointed .   the   first   time   i   tried   to   replace   the   concentrator ,   it   bent   the   dryer !   br   br   plus   this   one   seemed   to   leave   my   hair   fuzzy   no   benefits   from   ionic   ceramic   claims .   this   one   is   in   a   drawer   and   i   use   the   revlon   i   bought   for   1   3   the   price .
great   dryer   very   good   dryer   for   the   price .   i   like   the   high   speed   without   having   to   use   high   heat .   retractable   cord   is   great .
never   blew   hot   air   upon   first   use ,   this   item   did   not   blow   hot   air .   on   the   low   flow   airflow   setting ,   it   blew   vaguely   warm .   on   the   high   airflow   setting ,   it   blew   cold .   br   br   when   set   to   low   heat ,   it   didn   t   even   pretend .
love   this   hairdryer   had   a   good   experience   with   this   order ,   it   took   about   7   business   days   to   arrive .   and   have   been   using   this   product   for   years .
hair   dryer   review   change   great   hair   dryer   .   wife   loves   the   retractable   cord   and   compact   size .   after   using   the   hair   dryer   for   about   a   year ,   the   cord   broke   inside   causing   the   dryer   to   shut   on   and   off .   the   warranty   is   about   useless   because   after   paying   all   the   shipping   costs   both   ways ,   it   costs   as   much   as   buying   a   new   one .
i   don   t   usually   write   a   review   but ...   had   this   item   for   a   year   now   and   it   just   broke   on   me ,   so   i   figured   i   needed   to   write   a   review   to   warn   buyers .   when   the   item   first   arrived ,   the   back   lid   air   vent   didn   t   close   all   the   way   but   it   really   didn   t   bother   me   much .   i   ve   had   many   other   1875w   dryers   and   this   one   was   a   bit   louder   than   my   previous   ones .   about   a   week   ago ,   the   hair   dryer   stopped   producing   warm   hot   air   and   now   it   just   blows   cold   air .   had   to   throw   it   out   and   purchase   a   different   hair   dryer .   this   might   just   be   a   one   time   scenario ...   but   i   wouldn   t   purchase   again .
nice   little   dryer   for   the   price ,   this   is   a   pretty   nice   dryer .   i   almost   never   use   the   low   setting   on   hair   dryers   regardless ,   but   i   tested   it   just   to   see ,   and   it   s   not   quite   hot   enough   to   give   me   the   oomph   i   need   to   dry   my   hair .   so   there   s   that .   the   cold   shot   seems   to   suck   up   a   lot   of   power ,   and   i   don   t   use   it   any   more   for   fear   of   blowing   a   circuit   breaker ,   but   considering   how   much   i   paid   for   it ,   this   does   its   job   and   it   does   it   pretty   well .
everything   works   as   expected   my   wife   has   an   abundant ,   curly   head   of   hair ,   and   when   her   dryer   took   its   last   breath ,   i   looked   for   a   replacement   with   both   ionic   and   heat   sink   ceramic   qualities   to   efficiently   dry   her   hair   without   damaging   it .   because   of   size   and   weight ,   it   s   not   well   suited   for   travel ,   and   the   retractable   cord   does   not   fully   retract ,   but   from   reviews   i   ve   read ,   this   type   of   mechanism   is   problematic   more   often   than   not   you   just   live   with   the   fickle   function   when   you   choose   a   model   with   both   a   retractable   cord   and   a   folding   handle .   that   said ,   pumpkin   seems   content   with   her   new   dryer .
great   hair   dryer   shipped   fast .   this   dryer   dries   my   thick   long   hair   quite   a   bit   qucker   than   the   dryer   it   replaced .   i   also   really   like   that   the   cord   is   extra   long .   i   don   t   plan   to   use   the   attachmens   so   i   cannot   comment   on   those .
pretty   nice   not   a   bad   little   hair   dryer .   seems   to   work   well .   if   i   had   any   criticism   it   would   be   when   using   the   low   heat   setting ,   it   s   a   bit   windier   than   i   would   ideally   want ,   and   the   handle   is   a   little   fatter   than   it   needs   to   be .   but   all   in   all ,   a   nice   dryer .
could   be   better   i   expected   more   from   this   hair   dryer   after   reading   the   reviews .   it   wasn   t   as   powerful   as   i   like   and   the   opening   for   the   air   coming   out   seems   to   be   larger   than   my   last   dryer ,   so   it   just   goes   all   over   the   place   instead   of   being   more   focused .   the   thing   i   m   most   unhappy   with   is   the   cord .   i   always   buy   dryers   that   have   the   retractable   cord   because   i   can   t   stand   having   to   deal   with   the   cord   getting   wrapped   around   everything   in   my   drawer .   every   other   dryer   that   i   ve   had   the   cord   goes   all   the   way   into   the   dryer   just   leaving   the   plug   hanging   out .   this   dryer   has   about   a   foot   or   more   of   cord   still   hanging .   it   is   just   a   pain   deal   with   the   dangling   cord   while   putting   it   in   and   out   of   the   drawer   every   day .   i   m   still   deciding   if   i   should   return   it   or   not .
continues   to   please ...   i   like   this   drying   in   many   ways .   it   is   lightweight ,   it   is   powerful ,   has   a   great   retractable   cord   and   that   is   a   huge   plus !   i   hope   it   lasts   a   long   time .
jerdon   wall   mount   hair   dryer   easy   to   use ,   very   handy ,   always   at   your   disposal .   it   isn   t   a   powerful   dryer ,   but   it   works   great   on   mens   hair .   the   wall   mount   is   simple   to   install ,   and   it   s   shock   protected .   great   value
great   hair   dryer   bright   nightlight ,   light   weight ,   excellent   heat   and   air   for   such   a   compact   hair   dryer .   a   must   have ,   space   saver   and   reasonable   price .
hair   dryer   my   wife   loves   this   hair   dryer .   it   produces   very   warm   air   with   tremendous   air   flow .   i   will   say   it   took   2   months   for   it   to   finally   come   from   the   time   i   originally   ordered   it .
awesome   i   don   t   need   any   special   hair   tools   that   cost   100 .   i   have   thick ,   wavy   hair   and   this   works   just   fine ,   especially   with   the   diffuser   attachment .   i   love   how   the   cord   retracts   and   the   handle   folds   up   it   makes   storing   it   wonderfully   easy .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone .
high   speed   quit   i   was   excited   about   the   hair   dryer   and   used   it   less   than   two   weeks   and   the   high   speed   just   quit .   high   speed   is   what   i   use   to   dry   my   hair   so   now   the   dryer   is   useless   to   me .   i   have   never   had   this   happen .   i   purchased   the   hair   dryer   because   it   came   highly   rated .
very   small ,   powerful   and   convenient   product .   overall   i   would   have   given   it   5   stars ,   but   had   to   withhold   one ,   due   to   my   wife   s   complaint   that   there   is   no   separate   heat   and   fan   control   switches .   it   also   does   not   have   cool   blast   or   whatever   they   call   it   button   that   allows   to   temporarily   switch   off   the   heat   while   keeping   the   fan   running .   to   be   honest   her   hair   looks   the   same   to   me   regardless   what   dryer   she   uses .   its   an   excellent   product ,   and   if   you   are   not   super   picky   about   your   dryers   i   highly   recommend   it .
great   product   purchased   this   product   from   amazon   more   than   a   year   ago   and   have   had   no   issues   with   it   all .   great   purchase !
excellent   travel   hair   dryer ! ! !   the   infiniti   by   conair   mighty   mini   tourmaline   ceramic   styler   has   traveled   to   many   countries   with   me   thanks   to   the   ability   to   change   voltage   and   is   my   favorite   travel   hair   dryer .   i   m   amazed   at   how   powerful   the   hair   dryer   is   for   such   a   small   product .   it   s   very   light   weight ,   small ,   and   the   carrying   case   easily   slips   into   a   carry   on   or   packed   luggage .   the   attachments   though   i   never   use   them   are   a   nice   addition   as   well .   i   do   have   to   say   that   in   some   hotels   and   countries ,   i   cannot   use   the   high   setting ,   i   have   to   use   the   low   setting   otherwise   the   hairdryer   will   over   heat .   i   haven   t   had   this   problem   in   the   us   as   much   as   i   have   in   europe .   it   s   really   not   that   big   of   a   deal   because   the   low   setting   is   still   extremely   powerful   and   drys   my   hair   in   a   matter   of   minutes .   i   have   had   several   other   mini   dryers   both   by   connair   and   by   revlon   but   this   is   by   far   my   favorite .   i   ve   had   it   for   four   years   and   i   hope   to   be   able   to   use   it   for   many   more   years   to   come !   i   always   recommend   it   to   my   students   on   study   abroad   programs   and   to   friends   who   do   a   lot   of   traveling !
i   use   this   as   a   bed   warmer   i   love   this   little   blow   dryer .   i   use   it   to   warm   up   my   bed   when   it   is   cold   at   night .   before   i   go   to   sleep   i   dont   use   it   to   blow   dry   my   hair   so   i   dont   know   about   how   it   would   work   for   that ,   but   it   works   great   for   my   purposes .
excelent ! !   excelente ! !   excelent   product   and   quick   delivery ! !   if   you   want   a   professional   hair   dryer ,   this   is   used   by   stylists   here .   thank   you   from   dominican   republic !   excelente   producto   y   entrega   r   aacute   pida !   si   desea   un   secador   de   pelo   profesional ,   este   es   el   que   utilizan   las   estilistas   aqu   iacute   .   gracias   desde   rep   uacute   blica   dominicana !
love   it   it   is   easy   to   use .   my   sister   had   the   same   brand   hair   dryer   well   the   same   just   different   color .   i   would   never   learn   how   to   blow   out   my   hair   in   a   million   years ,   it   ll   be   three   times   as   puffy   and   frizzy   after   i   m   done   with   it .   after   using   this   product   with   the   comb   i   instantly   fell   for   it .   thanks   to   my   sis   and   ofourse   andis   hair   dryer   i   love   and   an   finally   manage   my   hair ,   most   importantly   i   save   a   lot   of   time   getting   ready   in   the   morning .   i   guess   its   great   quality   for   its   price .   i   would   recommend   it .   actually   i   did   and   my   cousin   bought   the   same   one   after   using   mines .
turbo   power   314   blow   dryer   i   had   this   model   blow   dryer   for   over   7   years   until   i   dropped   it   and   broke   the   fan .   this   blow   dryer   took   many   years   of   abuse   and   worked   like   a   champ .   i   bought   the   same   model   to   replace   the   one   i   had .
very   bad   none   available .
the   best   home   hair   dryer   the   best   i   have   ever   used .   i   used   it   ata   friend   s   house   while   away   for   the   weekend   and   knew   i   had   to   buy   one .   my   daughters   love   it   too .
nice   hair   dryer   my   old   conair   hair   dryer   finally   smoked   it   owed   me   nothing   after   many   years   of   great   service   and   i   couldn   t   find   anything   in   the   stores   that   measured   up .   found   this   one   online   and   so   far ,   it   s   great .   i   love   that   it   has   options .   4   heat   settings   and   3   speeds   with   a   cold   shot   feature   and   independent   controls   for   many   drying   combinations .   it   was   the   only   one   i   found   like   it .   while   the   speed   isn   t   as   fast   and   the   heat   isn   t   quite   as   hot   as   the   old   one ,   it   still   does   the   job   well   and   my   hair   will   probably   be   happier   for   it !   after   returning   one   that   felt   awkward   and   top   heavy ,   i   like   that   this   one   feels   light   and   balanced .   i   don   t   have   need   for   the   2   attachments   but   they   seem   good   quality .   hoping   it   lasts   as   long   as   it   s   predecessor !
very   good   product   very   good   product .   lightweight   and   compact ,   but   powerful .   came   quickly   and   was   well   packaged . easy   to   use   and   place   out   of   sight .
dries   thick   hair   quicker   my   stylist   uses   and   recommended   this   hair   dryer   to   me .   i   have   very   thick   hair   that   can   take   forever   to   blow   out .   but   with   the   sedu   revolution   it   has   literally   cut   my   time   in   half .   i   read   other   reviews   before   buying   it   and   there   were   a   lot   of   issues   with   the   fact   it   only   had   two   speeds   but   with   hair   like   mine   you   only   need   high !   and   a   good   brush !
great   this   blowdryer   is   amazing .   my   sylist   uses   it   in   my   hair   and   i   had   to   buy   it   for   my   home .   it   works   for   me   and   my   daughter   with   ease .   a   must   buy .
nice   product .   great   value .   after   18   years ,   i   found   myself   looking   for   a   new   hair   dryer .   i   had   been   interested   in   the   ions   i   d   seen   on   many   packages .   this   is   a   very   nice   hair   dryer ,   it   came   with   both   a   diffuser   and   a   concentrator   which   snap   on   nicely   and   work   well ,   as   designed .   it   dries   my   hair   very   quickly   even   on   the   low   setting ,   and   i   like   how   the   intake   is   on   the   back   rather   than   the   sides   and   is   less   likely   to   draw   longer   hair   into   it .   supposedly ,   you   can   remove   that   part   for   cleaning ,   but   i   haven   t   figured   out   how .   br   br   overall ,   a   really   awesome   product ,   especially   for   the   price .
only   lasted   7   months   i   m   a   hairdresser .   i   bought   this   dryer   thinking   it   would   last   and   it   broke   after   only   7   months ! ! !   it   was   great   while   it   lasted !   now   i   have   to   buy   a   whole   new   dryer   since   fhi   won   t   fix   it   because   i   purchased   it   through   amazon !
nice   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   its   ionic   which   is   the   best   type   of   blow   dryer   for   your   hair   and   it   really   does   make   hair   smoother   and   softer .   it   very   stylish   looking   and   easy   to   hold .   it   works   great   every   time   i   use   it   and   only   takes   about   40   minutes   to   dry   my   hair .   the   heat   flow   is   very   strong   and   i   also   like   the   cool   shot   as   well .   it   very   chilly .   lol
conair   infiniti   nice ,   easy ,   portable   hand   dryer   that   is   available   in   fun   colors .   i   use   this   product   with   an   attachable   hood   dryer   to   deep   condition   my   hair .   very   convenient   and   the   retractable   cord   makes   it   easy   to   store   without   the   hassle   of   dealing   with   a   messy   cord .
love   it !   this   hair   dryer   is   perfect ! !   love   it ! ! !   small   but ,   powerful !   i   have   very   thick   hair   it   dryes   it   fast .   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .
great   blowdryer   i   ordered   this   dryer   for   my   sister   and   she   loved   it ,   it   was   exactly   as   the   page   and   picture   described
small   and   strong !   drys   your   hair   very   quickly   with   a   smooth   shine ,   so   glad   i   bought   it . ,   will   fit   into   a   small   corner   of   my   luggage ,   so   very   handy .
best   ever !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   and   leaves   it   feeling   very   soft   and   smooth .   i   can   t   believe   the   great   price   i   had   been   looking   at   it   in   a   local   store   for   250 ! !   glad   i   didn   t   spring   for   that !   it   is   also   much   quieter   than   other   hair   dryers .   don   t   hesitate   to   buy   this   you   won   t   regret   it .
is   awesome   item   my   wife   had   this   itme   before   for   more   than   10   years   and   she   sed   that   she   love   the   way   it   works   for   all   this   time   that   she   used   this   item .   she   ask   me   to   buy   this   one   because   the   other   one   it   burns   the   extension   cord   actually   the   plug   of   the   extension   and   this   one   have   a   reset   and   a   power   control   on   the   plug   so   it   might   be   better   than   the   other   one   and   it   doesnt   get   to   hot   like   the   old   ones
worst   hairdryer   i   ve   had   in   several   years   i   ordered   this   hairdryer   july   2nd   and   it   quit   working   on   december   2nd   lasting   just   at   5   months .   i   tried   hitting   the   reset   thinking   that   somehow   it   had   been   tripped   although   i   was   using   the   dryer   when   it   quit .   i   also   let   it   cool   off   and   tried   again ,   all   with   no   success .   i   used   this   dryer   every   day   to   dry   my   medium   length   hair   and   it   was   the   shortest   lived   dryer   i   ve   had   in   several   years .   all   the   other   cheap   dryers   lasted   at   least   a   year   or   a   little   longer .   i   don   t   know   whether   placement   of   the   switches   to   turn   the   dryer   on   and   off   and   to   change   the   temperature   had   anything   to   do   with   the   short   lifespan   or   not .   i   was   constantly   accidentally   turning   the   dryer   off   changing   the   temperature   while   drying   due   to   this   placement .   i   will   never   order   a   dryer   made   by   andis   again .   this   was   definitely   not   worth   the   money   i   paid   for   it .
great   lightweight   product   as   advertised   i   love   everything   about   this   hair   dryer ,   so   i   am   glad   i   ordered   it .   it   is   lightweight   and   does   a   great   job .
conair   146kram   1875   watt   dryer   i   bought   this   dryer   to   use   on   my   8   month   old   puppy   because   it   was   supposed   to   be   quiet .   it   s   not   real   quiet ,   but   then   it   is   blowing   air .   my   dog   was   a   little   shy   of   it   at   first .   but   taking   time   to   introduce   him   to   it   slowly   worked   fine .   he   now   looks   forward   to   being   blow   dried   after   his   bath   and   when   we   come   in   out   of   the   rain   or   snow .   it   seems   well   made .   i   will   have   to   see   how   long   it   lasts .
very   nice   hairdryer .   no   complaints .   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   this   hairdryer   dries   it   very   quickly .   the   settings   are   great .   the   cord   is   wonderful .   the   price   is   awesome .
great   product   conair   makes   great   hair   dryers ,   and   this   in   no   exception .   relatively   quiet ,   and   generates   sufficient   heat   to   satisfy   most   customers .
great   product .   this   hair   dryer   make   and   model   is   a   replacement   of   a   product   that   i   have   been   using   for   several   years .   this   dryer   is   great   to   hang   on   the   wall ,   saving   space   on   the   countertops .
a   good   dryer   i   like   it ...   it   is   very   easy   to   use   and   to   handle   it   is   also   very   practical   if   you   want   to   take   it   for   travel   ...   my   hair   gets   dry   very   quick   i   was   surprise   with   the   power   of   this   dryer   i   thought   it   might   be   too   low ,   but   not .   yes   buy   it   is   a   good   product   and   cheap   ... one   year   warranty   ..
great   hair   dryer   fantastic   dryer   night   light   is   great   for   kids   and   two   speed   is   awsome ! !   will   buy   another   one   of   these   next   time ! !
so   glad   i   ordered   this   as   recommended   by   goodhouskeeping   magazine   great   price ,   lightweight ,   long   cord   which   makes   drying   my   hair   and   shifting   the   dryer   from   hand   to   hand   so   much   easier ,   not   as   noisy   as   my   last   hair   dryer ,   and   it   does   dry   my   thick   medium   length   hair   faster   than   my   past   hair   dryers .   i   am   able   to   switch   from   warm   to   hot   and   high ,   off ,   low   without   having   to   look   at   the   dryer .   i   really   do   love   this   hair   dryer ! !
love   this   dryer   i   had   the   exact   dryer   prior   to   purchasing   this   one .   i   had   it   for   many   years   before   it   gave   out .   i   have   thick ,   curly   hair   and   this   gets   it   dry   in   no   time .   its   light   weight   and   easy   to   hold .   it   has   3   different   heat   settings   and   high   low   setting   for   air   flow .   very   happy   with   this   product .
useful   and   parctical   my   wife   was   looking   for   a   small   hair   dryer   that   would   not   to   hot .   this   product   was   just   perfect .   it   is   small   but   powerful   enough   to   dry   hair   quickly .   it   may   not   be   good   for   someone   with   alot   of   hair .   it   has   two   speeds ,   high   and   low   but   only   one   heat   temperature .   it   would   be   more   helpful   it   had   a   warm   and   a   hot   temperature ,   but   for   the   price   it   was   well   worth   it .
not   a   compact   dryer   i   purchased   this   dryer   because   i   wanted   a   compact ,   easily   portable   dryer   for   travel   the   idea   of   a   retractable   cord   was   appealing .   it   is   not   compact .   in   fact ,   it   s   quite   large   i   returned   it   because   the   high   heat   level   was   not   hot   enough .   it   isn   t   ergonomic   it   s   heavy .   i   ended   up   buying   the   babylisspro   tt   tourmaline   titanium   travel   dryer   i   am   thrilled   with   it .   i   have   shoulder   length   fine   hair .
i   love   it   ingenious   product .   simple   and   convenient .   i   glued   it   to   my   mirror   and   stayed   there .   no   more   trouble   holding   the   dryer   on   one   hand   and   brushing   my   hair   with   the   other   one !   worth   every   penny
love   this   hair   dryer !   this   is   an   awesome   hair   dryer   i   never   really   thought   there   was   much   difference   between   the   various   kinds   until   now !   my   hair ,   which   is   thick ,   drys   super   quick   and   this   dryer   eliminates   all   the   frizz   amazing  
dependable ,   and   operates   as   claimed   saved   me   a   trip   to   the   store .   price   was   comparable   to   store   items   of   similar   design   claims .   i   think   conair   has   quality   products ,   and   the   retractable   cord   is   convenient   and   works   dependably .   has   plenty   of   drying   power .   not   an   ideal   travel   dryer ,   as   it   is   appropriately   larger   than   small ,   under   powered   travel   dryers .   perfect   for   daily   home   use .   last   conair   dryer   lasted   5   years .   similar   design   and   features .   i   think   that   s   good   durability .
meh .   and   then   it   broke .   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   from   target   4   months   ago   because   it   had   the   best   reviews   of   all   the   ones   they   had   there   on   the   shelf .   in   my   house ,   we   only   use   the   hair   dryer   around   3   times   a   week   total   between   my   husband   and   myself   i   only   have   to   style   my   hair   once   every   4   days   or   so   ...   so   this   thing   got   minimal   use .   when   i   bought   it   i   was   annoyed   at   how   the   temperature   switch   to   go   from   hot   to   cold   is   in   a   spot   on   the   handle   where   you   usually   grip   the   thing   while   you   re   drying .   i   would   constantly   accidentally   switch   it   to   the   cold   setting .   and ,   i   never   felt   like   this   got   hot   enough   to   style   my   thick ,   unruly   hair .   my   hair   is   crazy   thick   and   i   need   a   lot   of   heat   to   get   the   frizz   out   while   i   m   drying   and   styling ...   but   i   ve   had   to   deal   with   this   and   hair   dryers   not   being   hot   enough   my   whole   life ,   so   this   wasn   t   a   huge   surprise .   but   then ,   a   few   days   ago   the   heat   function   just   completely   broke .   so ,   now   it   only   blows   cool   air   no   matter   what ..   which   makes   it   basically   useless   to   me .   i   suppose   that   for   25   i   got   my   use   out   of   it   for   4   months ...   but   i   hate   that   i   m   having   to   send   another   plastic   piece   of   trash   to   the   landfill   a   lot   sooner   than   expected .  
perfect   for   fine   hair   gives   great   volume   with   exceptional   heat   control !   would   recommend   to   anyone   looking   to   enhance   body   and   volume   with   their   hair .
love   this   hair   dryer !   love   this   hair   dryer !   purchased   this   model   after   seeing   the   good   housekeeping   reviews .   lightweight ,   the   right   amount   of   power   to   style   my   hair   just   right ,   nice   extra   features   like   the   cool   shot   button   and   the   extra   long ,   flexible   cord ,   and   all   at   a   reasonable   price .   would   definitely   recommend   this   product .
nice   hair   dryer   this   hair   dryer   is   decent .   it   is   quieter   than   my   previous   hair   dryer ,   but   i   wish   it   was   a   little   quieter ,   especially   since   being   quiet   is   supposed   to   be   one   of   it   s   key   features .   i   love   whatever   material   it   is   made   of .   whatever   it   is   made   from   isn   t   a   slick   plastic ,   so   it   doesn   t   slip   around   in   your   hands   or   on   the   counter ,   which   is   nice .   i   would   say   it   is   right   in   the   middle   as   far   as   weight   goes ,   so   if   you   need   a   light   hair   dryer ,   this   is   not   for   you ,   but   it   s   not   so   heavy   that   i   feel   like   i   am   getting   a   workout .   i   also   do   not   feel   that   it   dried   my   hair   any   faster   than   my   previous   hair   dryers .   so ,   it   s   not   a   bad   hair   dryer ,   but   it   s   also   not   all   that   special .   i   would   recommend   it   to   others   if   it   is   on   an   awesome   sale ,   otherwise ,   try   something   else .
quick   to   dry   a   hotel   i   stayed   at   had   this   model .   loved   it   so   much   came   home   from   my   trip   and   ordered   it .   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   small   enough   that   it   doesn   t   take   up   too   much   counter   space   in   my   bathroom .
great   travel   hairdryer   i   bought   this   dryer   to   replace   one   i   use   at   home .   it   is   a   good   hair   dryer   but   only   has   one   heat   setting .   i   love   the   way   it   folds   up   for   storage   and   the   cord   retracts   which   is   nice .   these   2   features   alone   make   it   great   for   travel !
i   don   t   like   it   s   a   lot   of   work .   i   hate   blow   drying   my   hair   as   i   have   very   long   and   curly   hair .   this   blow   dryer   does   not   make   it   any   better   or   faster   of   a   process .
works   well   and   is   convenient   it   s   just   as   advertised .   dries   my   hair   quickly ,   folds   up   nicely   and   neatly .   the   retractable   cord   is   great .   it   s   a   good   purchase .
loves   it   my   wife   loves   this   hair   dryer .   its   easy   to   use   drys   and   curls   her   hair   nicely .   just   make   sure   your   hair   is   damp   not   real   wet   before   putting   it   in   rollers .   other   wise   your   hair   really   won   t   dry   or   curl .   the   hair   dryer   will   work   better   and   you   will   have   a   full   head   of   curley   hair .
heavy   and   too   big   i   bought   this   hairdryer   in   europe .   i   dont   know   what   idiot   is   designing   the   look   of   this   hair   dryer   but   how   about   creating   form   and   function   first   of   all   this   hair   dryer   weighs   a   ton ..   i   didnt   realize   hairdrying   was   considered   a   workout .   also   the   dryer   handle   points   away   from   the   drying   air   flow   which   makes   it   difficult   to   dry   the   back   of   your   head   i   keep   burning   my   back .   br   br   the   only   saving   grace   is   that   the   speed   actually   works   well .   i   would   not   recommend   this   product   based   on   design   alone .
hair   dryer   this   is   a   very   nice   and   functional   hair   dryer .   one   thing   that   s   bothersome ,   the   switch   for   the   blue   light .   it   turns   off   whenever   i   hold   on   to   the   dryer .   that   means   i   have   to   adjust   my   hold   on   the   dryer .   otherwise ,   it   s   pretty   good .
worked   great ... but   only   for   three   months   i   would   not   recommend   this   hair   dryer   since   it   only   worked   for   three   months .   it   was   purchased   in   august   and   now ,   in   november ,   it   will   not   turn   on .   br   however ,   if   you   are   not   as   unfortunate   as   i   am ,   this   simple   hair   dryer   is   very   surprisingly   quiet   and   gets   the   job   done   very   nicely .
lots   of   drying   power   in   a   compact   package   for   years ,   i   ve   used   conair   1875s   for   both   our   primary   blow   dryer   yes ,   my   wife   has   long   hair   and   our   travel   needs   motorcycle   touring   means   limited   luggage   space   .   the   dryer   produces   a   high   volume   of   heated   air   for   rapid   drying .   its   wattage   draw   is   low   enough   that   tripping   circuit   breakers   is   never   an   issue .   durability   is   good   our   s   usually   last   at   least   five   years   with   daily   use   by   two   people .   the   current   iteration   of   this   model   uses   a   shorter   cord   and   a   bulkier   plug   gfi   than   earlier   models .   while   i   prefer   the   original   configuration   longer   cord   with   smaller   plug   gfi   ,   the   changes   have   not   seriously   compromised   the   product .
excellent   choice   i   am   thrilled   with   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   better   than   even   i   imagined .   looked   at   several   at   the   local   beauty   supply   houses ...   all   with   huge   price   tags .   i   am   so   happy   with   this   one ,   i   can   t   begin   to   explain .   my   hair   is   not   fly   away   like   it   is   with   my   old   dryer .   it   has   plenty   of   volume   and   is   sleek   and   shiny .   i   can   t   believe   it   took   me   so   long   to   buy   such   a   quality   dryer .   i   recommend   this   highly !
the   best   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   i   bought   the   travel   size   and   a   local   ulta .   i   immediately   loved   it .   drys   my   hair   fast   and   doesn   t   fry   it .   would   recommend   it .
i   love   this   hairdryer   this   is   a   hairdryer !   it   does   not   get   too   hot   on   the   hot   setting   bit   it   dries   my   hair   in   five   minutes .   my   old   dryer   used   to   take   20   minutes .
great   hair   dryer   for   the   price !   it   is   very   potent   and   haven   t   given   me   any   problem   so   far .   br   i   paid   3   and   something   plus   shipping ,   so   it   was   very   cheap   and   i   think   it   s   a   good   quality   product .   br   ok ,   it   might   not   be   the   best   hairdryer   out   there   it   is   not   made   of   ceramic   and   has   no   ion   thingy   to   keep   your   hair   from   splitting   and   things   like   that   ,   but   it   was   just   what   i   needed .   i   would   buy   it   again   for   that   price   .
best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned   super   fast   super   strong   this   dryer   is   absolutely   awesome .   the   heat   settings   are   exactly   what   i   needed ,   and   the   force   and   speeds   are   great   for   volume   and   fast   drying .   really   worth   the   price .
love   it !   this   one   doesn   t   seem   as   powerful   as   the   previous   one   i   owned   but   it   is   just   as   well   my   previous   one   would   sometimes   burn   my   scalp   it   was   so   hot !   great   product .
best   hair   dryer   ever   i   love   this   hair   dryer .   it   is   very   quiet ,   the   retractable   cord   works   well ,   and   it   has   a   cold   setting   as   well   as   a   cold   button .   it   feels   solid   and   is   easy   to   handle .   it   s   everything   i   was   looking   for   in   a   dryer   and   at   a   very   reasonable   price .
excellent   i   just   love   my   new   hair   dryer   and   gets   my   hair   nice   and   straight   without   getting   to   hot .   it   comes   with   two   attachments   and   is   priced   right   for   me .
good   value   liked   the   heat   and   strength   bottons .   only   34   issue   34   is   that   the   dryer   is   a   little   heavy ,   if   you   are   using   it   for   straightning
great   price ! ! !   really   works   well .   one   if   the   best   hair   dryers   i   have   owned .   definitely   a   great   deal   since   they   are   300.00   retail
great   hair   dryer   one   of   the   best   reasonably   priced   dryers   out   there .   my   old   one   made   my   hair   frizzy   and   dried   out ,   i   am   so   pleased   with   my   results !
nice   for   the   price .   nice   basic   hairdryer .   a   little   slow   on   the   drying   though .   a   little   on   the   large   size .   does   get   the   job   done .
great   blowdryer   i   have   ordered   several   of   these   dryers   and   have   been   happy   with   them   all .   i   run   a   salon   and   enjoy   retailing   these   dryers   to   my   clients
worked   well   until   it   died   after   my   old   hair   dryer   died ,   i   decided   to   get   this   one   because   my   mom   has   it .   i   had   it   for   only   two   or   three   months   before   it   started   to   make   rattling   noises   when   i   used   it .   i   would   hit   it ,   and   the   rattling   would   lessen .   however ,   after   a   short   while   of   this   happening ,   i   was   drying   my   hair   and   it   started   to   smell   smoky .   i   decided   to   give   up   on   it   before   it   caught   fire   or   something .   br   if   my   mom   didn   t   have   the   same   one   that   has   been   working   perfectly   fine   for   over   a   year ,   i   would   have   rated   this   one   star .
great   appliance   at   best   price   i   had   a   previous   similar   model   for   many   years   and   needed   repl ,   this   one   is   great !   best   price   on   net .
good   days   good   hair   dryer   for   use   with   the   big   curlers .   a   longer   hose   would   have   been   good .   it   holds   you   hostage   while   you   dry .
brand   new   i   ordered   this   because   it   was   cheaper   than   sallies   sold   it   for .   i   actually   have   this   product   and   it   has   been   the   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   owned ,   so   i   ordered   a   new   one   for   my   mom   as   a   gift .   it   came   in   the   exact   packaging   and   i   couldn   t   be   happier .   now   my   mom   can   stop   stealing   my   hair   dryer !
great   dryer   i   got   this   for   a   trip   that   i   was   taking   and   didn   t   want   to   take   my   bulky   dryer .   this   one   is   lightweight ,   has   good   power   selectiion   and   temperature   control   settings .   i   m   very   happy   with   conair   products
yay   after   8   years   with   my   old   hair   dryer .   it   was   time   for   a   new   one .   br   this   dryer   had   more   option   than   my   old   one .   br   and   it   cut   my   drying   time   in   half .
awesome !   good   speed   and   heat   options .   i   like   that   the   hair   dryer   is   pretty   small .   my   other   one   was   huge   and   awkward   to   maneuver .   the   concentrator   attachment   is   good .   every   hair   dryer   needs   one .   the   diffuser   is   scary   haha !   i   have   no   idea   what   to   do   with   it   but   whatever .   it   is   apparently   for   creating   volume ,   but   i   have   thick ,   short   asian   hair   so   i   don   t   need   any   extra   volume .   cord   length   is   fine .   the   back   opens   up   really   easily   for   cleaning .   the   cool   button   and   cool   heat   function   are   actually   cool .   most   hairdryers   take   time   to   cool   down ,   so   going   from   hot   to   cold   doesn   t   work .   however ,   on   this   hairdryer ,   if   you   want   to   go   straight   from   hot   to   cool ,   it   happens   in   seconds .   maybe   it   s   just   because   it   has   cooled   down   here   in   san   diego   but   i   can   t   really   definitively   determine   that .   anyways   great   hairdryer !  
red   hot   this   product   is   very   good ,   i   also   use   it   for   straighten   my   hair   because   it   came   with   attachments .   br   my   hair   was   dry   with   in   5minutes ,   the   price   was   also   good   and   it   came   with   a   one   year   warranty .
love   this   dryer   great   lightweight   dryer .   dries   hair   fast   and   is   so   quiet   you   can   actually   hear   your   client   talking   to   you ,   even   in   a   busy   salon .
good   value   and   lots   of   power   a   replacement   for   another   conair ,   this   one   is   the   best .   there   are   cheaper   models ,   but   this   one   is   very   well   made   and   we   have   every   reason   to   expect   the   longevity   other   reviewers   have   noted .   i   use   the   low   setting   i   used   to   use   high   on   my   old   one   and   it   works   beautifully   and   is   much   quieter .   the   cord   retractor   is   great   at   first   i   expected   this   to   be   just   a   marketing   gimmick ,   but   now   i   wouldn   t   buy   a   dryer   without   one .   very   nice   to   pull   the   cord   in   and   drop   the   dryer   in   a   drawer   without   having   to   roll   up   the   cord   first ,   and   then   untangle   it   whenever   you   take   it   out .   we   ended   up   buying   two   of   these   to   prevent   my   daughter   from   swiping   it   and   having   to   search .   nice   to   find   a   product   that   is   well   made   and   reasonably   priced .   this   is   not   a   cheap   throw   away ,   it   is   a   good   value .
great   little   hair   dryer   the   off   on   switch   on   my   old   conair   travel   dryer   broke   after   5   6   years ,   so   i   purchased   this   one   after   reading   reviews .   it   s   even   more   compact   than   the   old   one ,   and   i   was   pleased   to   find   that   it   came   with   a   6   cord ,   unlike   the   old   dryer   that   had   a   curly   cord   that   wouldn   t   stretch   far .   it   dries   my   hair   in   about   3   minutes ,   and   the   long   cord   and   two   heat   settings   make   it   ideal   for   drying   my   dogs   after   bathing ,   too .   the   only   thing   missing   is   a   case   for   the   hair   dryer .   the   old   conair   came   with   one   and   i   saved   it   the   new   one   fits   perfectly .
good   hairdryer   not   heavy ,   buttons   not   in   the   way .   didn   t   like   the   diffuser ,   so   just   attached   a   hot   sock   diffuser ,   works   just   fine .   like   the   sleek   look   to   it .
i   wish   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   7   years   ago !   this   is   the   best   35   investment   that   i   could   have   possibly   made   for   my   hair .   i   have   thick ,   coarse ,   curly   ish   with   a   semblance   of   a   wave   hair   so   blow   drying   it   can   be   quite   a   challenge .   this   hair   dryer   gets   my   hair   very   straight   in   no   time .
if   you   want   your   cord   retractable   dont   buy   it .   i   purchased   this   mainly   for   the   retractable   cord   because   my   storage   space   is   limited .   the   cord   does   not   retract   well   and   when   it   does   still   leaves   about   a   foot   hanging   out .   even   has   a   stopper   if   it   reaches   it   that   leaves   about   8   inches   out .   i   didn   t   even   try   to   plug   it   in .   love   amazons   return   policy .....
powerfull   i   ve   had   this   hair   dryer   for   about   a   month ,   it   is   very   powerfull ,   i   have   a   lot   of   hair   and   this   hair   dryer   dries   my   hair   very   very   fast
hair   dryer   is   great   color   is   not   the   product   works   as   advertised   and   actually   dries   my   hair   in   less   than   half   the   time   as   my   other   hair   dryer   with   much   less   heat !   i   almost   didn   t   believe   it   was   possible   until   using   this   unit .   the   only   problem   is   the   color   of   the   unit   is   not   the   same   as   what   s   here   or   even   on   the   box .   i   was   expecting   red .   it   s   not .   it   s   a   metallic   hot   pink .   definitely   something   difficult   for   a   man   to   pull   off   unless   you   re   married   and   can   claim   it   belongs   to   your   wife .
dangerous   product ! !   do   not   buy   this   hairdryer   has   a   serious   design   flaw .   there   is   no   34   guard   34   preventing   hair   from   being   pulled   into   the   fan   and   ripped   from   the   scalp .   it   is   especially   hazardous   to   those   who   have   fine   hair   that   tends   to   have   flyaways .   i   should   have   returned   it   immediately   but   i   decided   to   continue   using   it   with   caution .   mistake !   this   morning   a   large   clump   of   my   hair   was   pulled   into   the   fan   and   subsequently   torn   out !   needless   to   say ,   i   am   quite   unhappy   about   it .   i   will   be   contacting   the   manufacturer .
very   heavy   and   doesn   t   blow   air   as   hard   as   expected   i   bought   this   based   on   other   reviews   indicating   that   it   would   dry   my   hair   faster .   they   say   40   faster   and   i   suppose   that   s   accurate   40   faster   is   really   not   as   big   of   a   difference   as   you   would   expect .   it   s   also   incredibly   heavy   considering   there   s   not   much   difference   between   this   and   your   usual   hairdryer .   if   you   want   a   good   workout   every   morning   though ,   then   definitely   get   it !
not   enough   air   flow   i   came   on   amazon   trusting   the   reviews   that   people   would   give   this   product .   i   bought   it   because   it   had   high   reviews   and   a   great   price .   with   a   solid   4   star   review ,   i   expected   a   lot   more   from   this   dryer .   br   br   the   issue   about   this   dryer   that   bothers   me   the   most   is   the   air   flow .   when   you   turn   it   on ,   it   sounds   like   those   cheap   kid   toys   with   a   wind   motor .   then   it   warms   up   a   bit   and   you   get   used   to   the   cheap   motor   and   you   dry   your   hair .   it   doesn   t   have   enough   air   force !   i   mean ,   it   s   a   standard   blow   dryer   so   yes   it   has   good   air   flow .   but   i   expected   something   a   lot   more   impressive   from   the   reviews   given .   br   br   on   a   plus   side ,   it   does   have   good   heat .   br   br   i   also   thought   that   the   air   flow   would   be   solved   with   that   front   clamp   thingy   the   front   thingy   that   pushes   the   air   flow   in   a   very   specific   direction   but   no !   actually   the   air   feels   more   dispersed   with   the   front   clamp   thing .   wha   br   br   i   guess   this   comes   down   to   the   fact   that   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   but   sometimes   i   have   paid   very   little   and   have   gotten   a   whole   lot .   this   was   not   the   case .   br   br   mostly ,   i   really   wish   the   reviews   would   have   matched   the   quality   of   this   product .   br   br   disappointed   and   i   would   not   suggest   people   to   purchase   this   dryer   unless   you   re   really   looking   for   a   meh   whatever   kind   of   dryer   with   a   good   cheap   price .
andis   hair   dryer   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   because   i   used   one   in   a   hotel   i   was   staying   at   and   liked   it .   i   also   took   into   consideration   that   i   have   limited   space   in   which   to   hang   it   and   it   was   perfect .
watch   the   buttons !   i   ordered   this   because   i   was   looking   for   something   to   speed   up   the   drying   process   for   my   long   hair   and   decided   to   try   this   one   based   on   the   fast   dry   ionic   feature .   the   product   dries   my   hair   ok   but   i   can   t   see   any   difference   in   the   time   it   takes   compared   to   my   old   blow   dryer .   the   things   i   don   t   like   about   it   are   br   1 .   it   s   really   big .   i   had   to   reorganize   my   bathroom   because   it   wouldn   t   fit   in   the   drawer   my   old   blow   dryer   occupied .   br   2 .   it   s   really   big   again   i   have   small   hands   so   it   s   uncomfortable   and   unwieldy   to   hold   and   operate .   one   small   plus   is   that ,   although   it   s   huge   it   s   thankfully   not   very   heavy .   br   3 .   watch   out   for   the   buttons !   they   are   placed   on   the   handle   in   a   way   that   allows   you   to   accidentally   turn   the   hair   dryer   off ,   change   the   drying   speed   or   the   temperature   while   you   are   trying   to   dry   your   hair .   since   this   just   happened   again   to   me   i   decided   to   write   this   review !   it   s   uncomfortable   to   try   and   hold   a   huge   hair   dryer   while   having   to   constantly   watch   the   position   of   your   hand   on   the   handle   where   the   buttons   are   located   so   as   not   to   change   a   setting   while   operating .   br   i   ll   keep   this   because   it   s   easier   than   returning   it   but   if   i   had   it   to   do   over   again   i   would   not   purchase   this   particular   hair   dryer .
not   bad ,   not   great   product   is   light   as   advertised   but   does   not   seem   as   strong   as   it   should   be .   the   first   i   received   came   apart   as   it   was   missing   2   screws ,   but   amazon   was   great   and   stood   behind   product   and   sent   another   out   immediately .   that   one   is   fine .   love   the   t3   feather   weight .
extremely   pleased   this   was   exactly   as   advertised   i   especially   liked   the   dimensions   given .   thanks   to   the   reviewer   who   told   me   how   to   switch   the   lever   behind   the   lint   filter   to   get   full   power .
perfect   for   travel   perfect   size   for   travel .   it   works   better   than   any   hotel   wall   mounted   blower   i   ve   tried   it   is   quite   powerful   for   its   size   not   like   a   regular   size   blower   of   course .   over   all   i   am   very   pleased
good   value   unfortunately   the   heat   and   fan   speed   are   together   can   t   have   high   speed   will   medium   heat .   the   heat   off   button   helps .
so   far ,   so   good   i   m   a   hairstylist   and   this   was   recommended   by   a   couple   of   coworkers .   it   recently   arrived ,   but   i   ve   used   it   on   a   number   of   clients   already   and   it   s   great .   strong   airflow ,   high   heat ,   lightweight ,   cool   shot   button ,   and   works   very   well   with   my   diffuser   attachment   also .   makes   my   job   much   easier !
does   the   job ,   seems   good   so   far   only   had   this   item   for   about   a   week ,   but   so   far   it   seems   to   work   well .   got   it   mounted   on   the   wall   and   it   works .   the   only   thing   i   m   not   thrilled   with   is   the   night   light   built   into   the   base   is   extremely   dim .   its   bordering   on   the   unhelpful   level   of   dimness .   it   would   be   nice   if   this   was   just   a   bit   brighter ,   but   thats   not   why   we   bought   it   anyway ,   we   got   it   for   the   hair   dryer .   my   3   ladies   of   the   house   have   used   it   and   like   it   so   far .   hopefully   it   will   last   a   while ,   but   if   not ,   its   not   an   expensive   accessory ,   so   we   ll   have   to   see   how   long   it   lasts .
it   s   pretty   good !   it   s   powerful   and   with   high   efficiency .   just   hope   that   it   can   continue   working   well   for   me   for   a   longer   time   at   least   more   than   6   months .   d   br   by   the   way ,   delivery   is   also   fast .
lightweight   and   compact   i   chose   this   particular   dryer   because   of   the   great   ratings   it   received .   i   am   not   disappointed .   i   like   that   its   lightweight   and   compact   and   that   does   not   overheat .   i   m   very   pleased   with   this   product   and   would   recommend   it .
awesome   for   the   price   works   well   for   an   item   that   cost   less   than   30.00 .   very   light   and   compact .   i   do   apt   of   road   travel   so   this   dryer   works   well .
good   so   far   i   use   this   frequently   and   its   working   well   so   far .   a   little   bigger   and   louder   than   i   expected   but   tolerable .
attractive ,   powerful ,   and   it   drys   my   hair   faster .   usually   i   buy   conair   hair   dryers   but   chose   the   andis   and   it   is   more   powerfull   than   the   conair   even   though   they   are   1875   watt .   i   have   not   used   the   attachments   because   i   have   short ,   straight ,   thick   hair   that   i   blow   dry   and   it   just   falls   into   place   requiring   little   brushing .   i   do   believe   it   is   just   a   bit   heavier   than   the   conair   dryer   but   not   so   much   that   causes   me   a   problem .   i   am   so   glad   i   chose   the   andis   instead   of   another   conair .   it   was   packaged   very   well   and   arrived   two   days   after   i   placed   my   order .   i   would   be   glad   to   recommend   this   andis   82005   to   my   family   and   friends .
total   waste   of   money .   also ,   it   sucks .   i   bought   this   dryer   thinking   it   was   going   to   revolutionize   my   morning   ritual .   yeah ,   i   was   wrong .   it   dried   my   hair   slower   than   any   other   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   had   and   left   my   hair   frizzy   every .   single .   time .   then   it   died   not   6   months   after   i   got   it ,   which   was   actually   a   total   relief   because   i   ended   up   spending   30   on   the   best   dryer   i   ve   ever   had ,   the   orange   conair   infiniti   pro .   save   your   money   check   out   that   one   instead ,   you   won   t   be   disappointed .
good   product   delivered   on   time .   this   is   the   only   dryer   my   wife   likes .   she   uses   it   everyday .
great   blow   dryer   this   blow   dryer   is   great .   it   blow   dries   my   hair   in   about   half   the   time   of   my   old   blow   dryer .   it   also   helps   tame   my   frizzy   hair .   love   it .
a   very   handy   hair   dryer   i   bought   this   for   travel   purposes   and   it   has   exceeded   my   expectations .   when   folded   up ,   this   hair   dryer   fits   in   the   smallest   places   and   isn   t   bulky   at   all .   this   portable   hair   dryer   is   pretty   strong   and   dries   my   hair   just   as   quickly   as   any   other   large   dryer   i   have   ever   tried .   the   only   criticism   i   have   for   this   product   would   be   how   loud   it   is .
great   hair   dryer !   love   this   hairdryer   .....   its   one   of   the   best   around   ......   drying   time   is   so   much   less   and   it   doesn   t   fry   your   hair   as   many   others   have .   br   i   would   buy   it   again .
more   girly   than   shown   in   pic   careful ,   gentlemen .   the   picture   online   and   on   the   box   shows   it   has   silver   trim ,   but   it   s   actually   bright   pink   trim   switches ,   filter   cover ,   ect .   .   has   a   narrow   mouth   with   a   penetrating   stream   that   s   probably   better   for   long   thick   hair   than   short   hair .   heavier   than   expected   too .
andis   30125   wall   mounted   hang   up   1600   watt   hair   dryer   with   night   light   i   have   to   say   this   hair   dryer   is   a   really   good   product .   it   arrived   when   expected .   i   was   very   pleased   that   it   contained   a   template   so   i   would   know   exactly   where   to   drill   the   pilot   holes   for   the   screws .   i   admit   i   had   not   seen   that   type   of   drywall   anchor   before   and   had   to   be   extra   careful   not   to   knock   them   to   far   into   the   wall ,   but   they   worked   just   fine .   my   husband   and   i   have   been   using   the   dryer   for   a   couple   weeks   now .   just   as   other   people   mentioned ,   the   nightlight   is   over   the   top ,   but   i   just   use   the   gfi   buttons   on   the   plug   to   shut   it   it   off .   i   love   not   having   a   hair   dryer   sitting   on   the   counter .   the   only   reason   i   removed   one   star   is   i   wish   the   dryer   had   lower   speed .   it   does   have   two   speeds ,   but   both   are   quite   powerful .   i   would   not   hesitate   to   order   again   and   probably   will   for   the   guest   bathroom .
great   hairdryer   this   is   a   great   hairdryer .   i   am   thrilled   with   this   purchase .   i   would   recommend   this   hairdryer   to   anyone .   it   dries   my   hair   very   quickly .
does   the   job   quickly   great   product   and   at   a   great   price ..... just   the   type   of   product   i   seek   out .   the   andis   dryer   is   light   and   comfortable   to   hold ... and   easy   to   use .
yikes !   don   t   buy   this   hairdryer !   i   ve   had   two   revlon   hairdryers   over   the   past   year   and   this   one   worked   better   than   the   subsequent   one .   i   think   i   may   have   escaped   burning   my   hair   by   taking   the   back   filter   off   of   it   my   dryer   also   sparked   but   i   realized   it   was   because   it   was   overheating .   taking   the   filter   off   the   back   creates   better   air   intake   and   i   guess   fixed   the   problem   and   i   avoided ,   apparently ,   setting   my   hair   on   fire   .   br   br   of   course ,   you   shouldn   t   have   to   do   this ,   and   doing   so   creates   further   problems .   the   filter   is   there   to   keep   your   hair   from   being   sucked   into   the   back   of   the   hairdryer ,   so   for   the   rest   of   its   life   i   had   to   be   insanely   careful   of   how   i   held   it .   unfortunately ,   even   my   drastic   efforts   didn   t   save   it   it   only   lasted   about   six   months .   the   transformer   somehow   stopped   working .   br   br   the   worst   part   of   my   experience   is   that   i   bought   another   one ,   albeit   a   different   model .   i   tend   to   blame   technical   difficulties   on   user   error ,   but   i   can   see   in   this   case   i   was   not   alone .   don   t   buy   this   hairdryer   better   yet ,   try   another   brand .
great   product   shipped   quickly   and   works   wonderfully .   nice   hot   dryer   to   get   the   job   done   in   no   time .   you   will   not   be   sorry !
not   reliable   i   purchased   this   hairdryer   four   months   ago ,   and   the   heating   element   has   already   broken .   i   generally   fold   it   up   when   i   store   it ,   and   one   day   while   i   was   opening   it   to   use   it   i   heard   a   strange   metallic   pop .   apparently ,   that   was   the   heating   element   breaking .   it   s   now   pretty   useless   it   will   only   blow   cold   air   just   in   time   for   winter ,   i   might   add   .   br   br   as   an   aside ,   this   is   the   second   revlon   hairdryer   i   ve   bought   this   year   after   having   a   hairdryer   of   another   brand   for   a   few   years .   i   m   beginning   to   think   that   the   brand   itself   is   not   reliable   or   at   least   the   lower   end   ones   aren   t .
great   travel   hair   dryer   this   little   beauty   has   great   heat   and   blowing   capacity .   i   love   it   and   use   it   at   home   and   when   traveling .   i   like   the   small   size   and   light   weight .   it   s   amazing   that   they   packed   1600   watts   into   this   tiny   little   blower .   you   ll   love   the   power   it   has .   i   have   since   bought   two   for   others   as   gifts .
great   i   had   another   t3   that   died   after   years   of   use .   i   received   my   new   drier   expeditiously   and   don   t   want   to   be   without   it .   great   service   and   great   product .
excellent !   great !   quiet ,   quick ,   pretty .   lots   of   setting   options .   dries   much   quicker   than   my   other   dryer .   less   frizz   too .   definitely   my   favorite   dryer   i   ve   had .   more   professional .   also   shipped   quickly .   i   d   recommend .
wonderful   product !   excellent   seller !   if   you   are   looking   for   a   great   dryer   for   both   home   and   travel ... this   is   it !   i   am   more   than   satisfied   with   this   product .   in   fact ,   i   will   be   ordering   another   one   because   i   do   not   want   to   be   without   it .   the   shipping   was   faster   than   expected   and   it   was   packaged   well .
oster   professional   wall   mount   hair   dryer   i   enjoy   the   compact   size   and   the   wall   mount   comes   in   handy   when   you   don   t   have   a   lot   of   counter   space   for   hair   dryers .
satisfied   in   spite   of   some   of   the   negative   reviews   this   dryer   does   exactly   what   i   need   it   to   do .   i   m   an   african   american   natural   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   to   get   a   better   result   out   of   my   deep   conditioning   treatments .   i   only   gave   this   a   3   because   it   s   not   mobile   it   s   so   huge   to   store ..   other   wise   it   heats   just   fine ,   also   because   i   would   imagine   if   my   goal   were   to   completely   dry   my   hair   it   d   take   a   great   deal   of   time   but   i   don   t   use   heat   to   dry   my   hair   so   for   me   this   is   great   with   my   plastic   cap   just   to   activate   my   conditioning   and   hot   oil   treatments .   but   it   adjusts   just   fine   i   m   comfortable   under   it .   you   do   need   to   be   a   bit   creative   about   where   to   put   it   i   suppose .   i   sit   on   the   toilet   w   it   perched   on   my   portable   drawers   i   use   for   storage .   i   guess   you   may   need   to   be   creative   to   use   it   on   a   table   top   or   maybe   a   ocunter   of   some   sort   but   other   than   that   i   m   pleased   for   my   intended   purposes .
the   best   i   have   ever   owned   i   can   not   say   enough   good   things   about   this   hair   dryer .   i   have   long   curly   hair   that   took   over   an   hour   to   dry .   now   i   can   actually   leave   for   work   on   time .   my   previous   dryer   was   more   expensive   and   not   even   close   to   being   as   good   or   as   fast .   no   reason   to   ever   spend   more   money   again .   i   am   a   very   satified   customer .   without   a   doubt ,   i   will   be   a   repeat   customer   next   time   i   need   a   new   hair   dryer .
smells   horrible !   i   have   had   this   for   about   2   years .   i   have   to   say ,   it   was   good   for   the   price .   it   dries   my   thick   shoulder   length   hair   in   about   12   minutes   on   a   good   day   .   the   only   downsides   i   have   are   it   gives   my   hair   a   really   awkward   texture ,   like   too   fluffy ,   and   it   smells   horrible .   i   don   t   know   why ,   because   i   ve   cleaned   the   fan   and   everything ,   but   it   smells   like   burning   hair   all   the   time .   i   would   recommend   this   product ,   though .
heat   settings   a   little   too   warm   overall   the   power   and   cord   length   in   this   blow   dryer   works   very   well .   my   only   complaint   is   the   temperature   of   the   warm   setting .   with   very   fine   hair   it   is   important   for   me   to   use   as   little   heat   as   possible   on   my   hair   to   avoid   damage .   the   warm   setting   is   hotter   than   my   old   one ,   and   i   ve   never   even   used   the   hot   setting !
too   heavy   and   large   for   travel   i   purchased   this   for   a   trip   i   was   taking   to   mexico .   it   arrived   on   time   and   was   exactly   as   described .   unfortunately   after   looking   at   it   and   feeling   it   s   weight   i   decided   to   return   it .   as   you   know   the   airlines   have   strict   weight   limits   on   luggage .   given   i   was   traveling   for   two   weeks   out   of   the   country   i   need   the   room   in   my   luggage   for   other   items .   in   order   to   reduce   the   weight   something   had   to   be   left   behind   and   i   chose   to   forgo   the   dryer .
dangerous ! ! !   please   do   not   buy ! ! !   be   warned   don   t   buy   unless   you   want   a   fire   on   your   hands .   if   you   have   one   throw   it   away ! ! !   this   product   exploded   in   my   hands   just   as   i   plugged   it   in   and   i   have   only   had   it   for   a   few   weeks .   if   you   read   other   reviews   on   this   you   will   see   that   this   is   not   the   first   or   second   time   that   this   has   happened   and   the   supplier   is   refusing   to   refund .   totally   shabby   treatment   all   around ! ! ! !   amazon   should   remove   it   from   their   site ! ! !   asin   b000m7yqom   andis   82075   tourmaline   ionic   hair   dryer  
good   hair   dryer   nice   size   for   storage .   dryer   came   ready   to   use ,   and   the   cool   switch   is   great   as   last   stage   to   dry .   it   would   be   nice   to   have   a   hanger   loop .
bubble   city   the   dryer   works   really   well ,   but   as   other   reviewers   have   indicated ,   the   finish   on   the   handle   starts   bubbling   and   peeling   after   about   a   month   of   use .   it   s   annoying ,   but   it   does   work .   too   late   to   send   it   back   and   i   m   not   sending   it   to   conair   with   5   to   get   it   repaired .
user   friendly   at   first   i   wasn   t   sure   about   how   it   would   work ,   after   buying   the   right   adaptor ,   however   it   did   and   i   an   very   impress .   i   have   decided   to   buy   this   same   product   for   a   friend   s   birthday ,   i   hope   she   too   would   find   it   as   useful   as   i   did .
it   is   not   dual   voltage   it   did   not   work   in   europe .   every   hotel   in   the   us   has   a   hair   dryer .   why   would   i   carry   this   with   me   however   we   need   it   in   europe   when   we   travel .   garbage !
didnt   last   long   i   was   going   to   buy   a   babyliss   but   i   ordered   this   one .   it   was   a   mistake   since   it   is   more   expensive   and   it   didnt   last   long .   now   it   takes   forever   to   dry .   i   had   many   customers   complain   about   it .
quick   fast   and   helpful   used   them   before   would   use   them   again   i   choose   them   over   my   pro   distributer   that   all   folks
not   enough   powerful   dryer   i   used   to   have   a   turbo   power   hair   dryer   which   is   very   powerful   but   the   3000   is   little   bit   dissappointing   because   the   dryer   is   not   strong   enough   and   bigger   than   i   thought .
started   a   fire   this   hairdryer   started   a   fire   in   my   home   3   weeks   ago .   it   was   left   plugged   in   but   not   left   on .   it   did   not   overheat .   i   did   notice   that   it   hesitated   to   turn   on   for   a   half   second   before   we   used   it   for   the   last   time .   i   set   it   down   on   a   table   and   left   for   the   day .   when   i   returned   a   few   hours   later ,   it   had   melted   into   an   unrecognizable   puddle .   burned   the   table   and   the   floor   beneath   it .   the   outlet   was   tripped   but   still   intact ,   the   fire   dept   said   it   was   clearly   a   wiring   issue   within   the   hairdryer   itself .   please   make   sure   to   unplug   your   hairdryers   after   use ! ! ! !
pink   blow   dryer   love   this   blow   dryer   cool   with   retractable   cord   and   small   that   fits   when   you   travel !   perfect   size ,   weight   and   great   air   quality .   drys   hair   quickly .
terrific   hairdryer   like   others   that   have   reviewed ,   i   had   used   this   hair   dryer   at   the   cosmpolitan   hotel   in   vegas .   br   took   a   photo   with   my   phone   so   i   could   order   one   when   i   got   home .   br   i   have   lots   of   hair   and   it   does   a   great   job   and   has   the   benefit   br   of   folding   and   retractable   cord .
infinity   by   conair   223xr   1875   watt   touraline   hair   dryer   i   love   the   infinity   conair   hairdryer .   i   especially   like   that   it   has   the   ceramic   heater   since   it   doesn   t   get   hot   enough   to   burn   my   2   year   old   great   granddaugher   when   she   is   in   the   the   bathroom   with   me .   the   cord   reel   works   great .
fast ,   quiet   and   less   frizz !   pros   br   quiet   br   i   usually   wear   earplugs   when   drying   my   hair ,   but   no   more !   this   one   s   nice   and   quiet   br   fast   br   some   people   mistake   quiet   for   less   power ,   but   this   is   not   true .   this   dryer   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   of   my   old   noisy   one ,   and   i   can   tell   by   how   much   it   blows   my   hair   around   that   it   is   powerful .   br   less   frizz   br   this   does   not   mean   no   frizz ,   sadly ,   but   my   hair   gets   very   frizzy   when   dried   with   a   hair   dryer ,   and   with   this   hair   dryer ,   the   frizziness   was   about   half   as   much   a   vast   improvement !   br   compact   br   folds   up   and   fits   in   our   little   drawer !   br   br   i   don   t   really   see   any   cons   with   this   product .   the   cord   is   not   very   long ,   but   i   find   that   to   be   a   pro   because   it   doesn   t   get   tangled .   after   all ,   how   far   from   the   outlet   do   i   really   need   to   go  
impressed !   i   initially   ordered   the   solano   3500 .   though   it   look   sturdy   and   well   made ,   my   conair   207p   infinity   tourmaline   ceramic   hair   dryer   dries   my   hair   way   faster   than   the   solano   3500 .   i   was   going   to   exchange   it   with   the   solano   3700   but   it   wasn   t   on   sale   and   i   don   t   want   to   pay   200   dollars   for   a   hair   dryer .   i   was   hesitant   to   try   the   sedu   4000i   because   of   some   negative   reviews   but   i   thought   worst   case   scenario   i   can   return   it   if   i   end   up   not   liking   it .   sedu   4000i   is   really   small   compared   to   other   pro   hair   dryer .   it   look   sturdy   ,   has   a   sleek   look   and   weighs   1.2   lbs ,   weighed   not   including   the   cord .   hair   dryer   s   length   is   5   3   4   inches   without   the   concentrator   ,   depth   2   3   4   inches ,   height   from   top   of   the   dryer   to   the   bottom   of   the   handle   7   3   4   inches .   solano   3500   though   much   bigger   than   sedu   4000i   just   weigh   1   pound .   first   time   i   used   the   sedu   4000i   i   was   so   impressed .   it   dried   my   hair   way   faster   took   only   10   minutes   than   my   4   yr   old   conair   that   burns   my   hair   sometimes .   i   have   long   mid   back   hair .   medium   thickness   with   some   wave   and   i   don   t   like   to   use   flat   iron   or   any   kind   of   hair   products   on   my   hair .   except   shampoo   and   conditioner   .   sedu   is   also   quieter   than   my   old   conair   and   solano   3500 .   with   sedu   4000i   my   hair   looks   so   shiny ,   straight   and   frizz   free .   i   keep   the   ion   switch   off   on   my   hair   dryer   because   i   want   some   body   volume   on   my   hair .   i   so   love   my   hair   dryer   that   i   am   always   looking   forward   to   use   it .   very   highly   recommended .
horrible   quality   one   star   is   too   high ...... while   i   ve   used   yellow   bird   hair   dryers   for   years   and   have   always   loved   them ,   their   high   quality   has   totally   deteriorated .   the   last   two   hair   dryers   have   worked   less   than   2   months .   the   first   time   it   happened ,   i   decided   to   give   them   a   2nd   chance .   now ,   this   hair   dryers   has   quit   heating   after   only   one   month   of   use .   br   br   returning   the   item   is   expensive   and   time   consuming ...... i   ll   just   have   to   find   another   company   and   hair   dryer .   surely ,   there   are   others   that   will   work   for   longer   than   1   2   months .
great   product ,   great   price   and   wife   loves   it !   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   for   my   wife   who   happens   to   be   a   professional   hair   stylist ,   and   i   would   say   that   she   is   very   selective   picky   about   the   products   she   uses .   for   her   work ,   similar   hair   dryers   sell   for   almost   200 .   consequently ,   i   thought   this   was   a   very   good   buy .   at   any   rate ,   so   far   she   loves   this   product .   she   uses   it   at   home   and   has   nothing   but   compliments   about   the   dryer .   she   even   suggested   that   we   should   buy   one   for   each   of   our   two   daughters   for   christmas .   so   far ,   a   very   happy   customer !
great   product !   i   chose   this   because   i   like   this   product   and   because   it   was   a   great   price !   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   interested   in   this   product !   blow   dryer   is   awesome   and   works   very   well
works   great   i   love   this   in   my   kids   bathroom   because   its   something   they   actually   put   up !   it   s   working   great !   our   last   one   only   lasted   about   a   year ,   so   hopefully   this   one   will   last   longer
brilliant   product ,   excellent   delivery   service   brilliant   product ,   excellent   delivery   service ,   love   the   finish   of   the   haridrier ,   i   didn   t   realised   that   it   was   american   plug   so   i   ve   purchased   an   adaptor   from   amazon   and   all   sorted !  
unusable   hair   dryer   this   looked   like   a   good   hairdryer   when   i   unpacked   it ,   but   the   hose   will   not   stay   attached   to   the   bonnet   and   if   you   hold   it   by   hand ,   the   hot   air   never   gets   to   the   front   and   top   of   the   bonnet .   it   s   basically   useless .
good !   it   is   in   good   quality   and   convenient   to   use .   i   am   highly   recommended   this   product .   and   i   love   the   product !
top   notch   i   replaced   this   unit   after   15   years   with   the   same   model .   works   great ,   just   need   to   clean   fan   area   occassionally .
wall   mounted   hair   dryer   i   had   ordered   this   product   before   and   accidently   ordered   a   smaller   version   of   the   one   i   wanted .   it   mounted   easily   and   works   fine   even   tho   i   would   prefer   a   stronger   drying   force .
a   great   mid   sized   compact   hair   dryer   i   have   used   my   andis   rc   2   ionic   1875w   ceramic   hair   dryer   with   folding   handle   and   retractable   cord   for   at   least   three   times   a   week   since   i   got   it ,   but   it   has   been   only   about   a   month   since   it   arrived !   that   is   not   a   long   time   to   evaluate   it   thoroughly ,   but   it   has   been   excellent   so   far .   due   to   the   retractable   cord   feature   the   barrel   is   a   little   fatter   than   other   hair   dryers   that   i   have   tried ,   but   so   far   it   is   better   than   any   other   dryer   i   have   used !   i   think   that   if   you   use   reasonable   care   when   retracting   the   cord   like   running   the   cord   through   your   fingers   as   it   retracts ,   to   slow   it   down   and   straighten   out   any   twists   ,   it   should   last   a   long   time .   i   think   that   letting   the   cord   zoom   up   at   full   speed ,   like   i   have   inadvertently   done   twice ,   might   shorten   the   cord   retraction   devices   life   as   some   reviewers   have   reported   .   i   do   not   think   that   will   be   a   problem   though ,   if   you   use   reasonable   care   and   let   the   cord   retract   through   your   fingers .   the   ionizer   feature   appears   to   really   help   make   the   hair   easier   to   manage ,   too !
attractive ,   functional ,   and   durable .   great   for   at   home   or   on   the   road .   i   recently   was   medically   retired   from   the   military .   as   part   of   my   transition   to   the   civilian   world ,   i   have   decided   to   grow   out   my   hair   because ,   in   my   mind ,   i   believe   i   will   one   day   look   as   stylish   and   sexy   as   leonardo   decaprio .   i   am   finding ,   though ,   that   to   achieve   that   look   there   is   a   lot   involved   including   blow   drying   your   hair .   not   just   for   style   but   functionality   as   walking   around   all   morning   with   wet   hair   is   not   fun .   br   br   this   ceramic   hair   dryer   is   amazing .   it   folds   up   saving   space   which   is   great   since   i   am   an   organized   o . c . d .   son   of   a   gun   after   so   many   years   in   the   military .   to   add   to   the   storage   technique   the   cord   conveniently   retracts   back   into   the   main   body   of   the   blow   dryer .   br   br   this   means   that   i   can   use   the   hair   dryer   both   at   the   home   and   on   the   road   as   i   do   travel   quite   a   bit   and   find   the   hair   dryers   that   come   free   in   many   hotel   rooms   leaving   a   lot   to   be   desired .   br   br   for   its   size ,   this   hair   dryer   is   also   very   powerful .   i   was   surprised   at   both   the   amount   of   air   it   is   able   to   blow   as   well   as   how   hot   it   is   capable   of   getting .   it   comes   with   a   cool   blast   button   which   circulates   regular   room   air .   i   use   this   setting   when   blowing   hair   off   my   neck   after   shaving   it   or   after   cutting   my   children   s   hair .   br   br   probably   one   of   the   biggest   selling   points ,   since   i   am   a   man ,   is   the   stylish   grey   silver   black   colors   that   feel   manly   in   my   hand   versus   the   lime   green   and   hot   pink   blow   dryer   my   wife   tried   to   get   me   to   use   the   other   morning .   br   br   overall ,   a   very   attractive   and   functional   hair   dryer   that   also   has   durability   on   its   side .   a   great   investment .
i   love   this   hair   dryer !   i   have   long   hair ,   it   goes   just   past   my   mid   back ,   and   i   blow   dry   my   hair   almost   every   day .   so   as   you   can   imagine   a   good   hair   dryer   is   very   important   to   me .   although   i   only   got   the   hair   dryer   yesterday   after   using   it   this   morning   i   had   to   post   a   review .   this   is   the   best   hair   dryer   i   have   had   in   a   long   time .   it   has   a   lot   of   power   and   my   hair   was   completely   dry   in   about   10   mins   .   considering   how   much   hair   i   have   this   is   fast .   the   dryer   itself   is   not   too   heavy   and   is   quieter   than   most   models .   my   hair   was   so   soft ,   straight   and   shiny   after   using   this   hair   dryer   i   must   say   i   am   instantly   in   love .
best   design   for   a   wall   mount   hair   dryer .   we   had   one   of   these   for   years ,   replaced   it   with   a   different   design ,   but   returned   to   this   one   because   it   s   just   a   superior   design .   br   br   easy   to   unlatch   and   latch   securely   to   the   wall   mount .   excellent   performance   in   drying   hair .   br   br   i   should   have   ordered   two   just   in   case   they   stop   making   this   design   type ...   hard   to   find .
why   this   dryer   is   good   for   most   people   i   have   owned   this   dryer   for   two   and   a   half   years   and   it   still   work   perfectly .   br   br   all   dryers   seem   to   be   the   same   with   a   fan ,   a   heating   element   a   stay   cool   body   and   some   controls .   this   one   has   a   powerful   heating   element   1875   watts   ,   and   a   good   fan   for   its   size   .   the   purpose   of   a   hair   dryer   is   not   to   heat   up   the   hair   to   boil   away   the   water ,   but   to   speed   up   the   evaporation   process   of   drying   by   exposing   the   hair   to   a   stream   of   hot   air .   the   faster   the   stream   and   the   warmer   the   air ,   the   more   evaporation   occurs .   where   this   dryer   differs   is   in   the   body   that   has   a   longer   and   narrower   nozzle   that   is   about   one   inch   wide .   this   forces   a   much   stronger   blast   of   air   at   least   on   high   speed   that   is   not   a   wide   as   those   dryers   with   a   wide   nozzle .   br   br   if   your   hair   is   fine ,   colored ,   permed   or   naturally   curly ,   you   would   want   a   different   dryer   with   a   wider   nozzle   to   diffuse   the   heat   so   that   the   hair   dries   more   slowly   at   a   cooler   temperature .   that   may   make   the   hair   less   likely   to   frizz   and   it   may   give   the   hair   more   volume .   br   br   this   dryer   makes   the   nozzle   narrow   and   thus   helps   to   concentrate   the   heat   into   one   spot   in   order   to   make   the   hair   it   blows   on   dry   rapidly .   you   can   adjust   the   fan   speed   and   the   temperature ,   but   not   the   concentration   of   the   air   flow .   br   br   so ,   if   you   have   regular   hair   or   like   me   are   a   guy   that   just   wants   to   dry   their   hair   rapidly ,   this   is   the   dryer   for   you .   put   it   on   high   speed   and   high   heat   and   it   is   extremely   fast .
the   plastic   melted   i   have   fine ,   relatively   straight ,   long   hair .   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   a   year   ago ,   thinking   that   it   would   last   for   a   while .   i   use   it   every   other   day   to   dry   my   hair .   nothing   unusual .   it   worked   as   described   for   almost   a   year   and   suddenly   the   plastic   covering   the   shaft   started   to   melt   down .   it   still   works   but   i   m   not   sure   if   its   still   safe   to   use   it .   just   consider   another   product   if   you   are   ready   to   spend   this   kind   of   money .
wall   mount   luxury   i   saw   this   in   a   hotel   i   was   staying   in   and   came   home   and   ordered !   takes   a   mess   off   the   counter   and   works   like   a   pro .   turns   my   bathroom   into   that   hotel   feel   every   morning !
good   for   the   money   i   use   this   blow   dryer   at   least   4x   week   and   so   far   so   good .   i   have   had   it   for   about   a   month   now .   the   only   complaint   i   have   is   that   the   concetrator   falls   off   really   easily .   then ,   if   i   want   to   put   it   back   on ,   i   have   to   wait   at   least   5   minutes ,   because   it   is   too   hot   to   touch .   so   basically ,   i   do   half   my   hair   with   the   concentrator   on   the   blow   dryer ,   and   once   it   falls   off   cause   it   always   does   i   just   do   the   rest   of   my   hair   without   it .   other   than   that ,   a   good   product   for   the   money !
seems   like   a   decent   product   i   bought   this   blow   dryer   about   a   month   ago ,   and   it   works   really   well .   it   heats   up ,   had   good   air   pressure ,   and   the   cool   setting   works   well   also .   the   only   complaint   i   have   is   the   retractable   cord .   the   button   is   a   bit   touchy   it   only   works   if   you   push   on   one   part   of   it .   it   is   also   a   bit   difficult   for   me   to   squeeze   hard   enough   with   one   hand .   the   cord   itself   is   a   decent   length ,   but   it   is   easy   to   pull   it   past   the   red   tape   that   warns   you   not   to   pull   any   further .
perfect   in   every   way ! ! !   i   can   not   tell   you   how   amazing   this   blow   dryer   is !   a   great   price   too !   a   must   have   for   every   woman !
good   stuff   as   usual   most   of   items   here   i   buy   for   my   wife   she   likes   this   hair   dryer !   it   has   cold ,   warm   and   hot   regime ,   concentrator   and   diffuser   that   helps   her   to   stylish   her   hair   in   different   ways .   it   s   very   comfortable   to   hand   it .   we   are   thinking   about   remington   flat   iron   now  
nearly   burned   my   house   down !   do   not   buy   this   hair   dryer !   mine   caught   fire   when   it   was   plugged   in   but   not   turned   on .   if   i   had   not   been   home   it   would   have   burned   down   my   house !   as   it   was ,   i   smelled   smoke   and   was   able   to   put   out   the   fire !   very   scary   !   i   was   lucky   i   did   not   get   burned   and   nothing   was   damaged .   i   will   never   buy   another   conair   product   again !   br   c .
good   hot   dependable   straight   forward ,   strong   hot   heat .   i   m   a   guy   and   this   thing   is   the   simple   hot   strong   wind   i   wanted .   simple   high   and   low   setting .   that   s   all .
exactly   what   i   expected   i   bought   this   hairdryer   bc   i   was   looking   for   a   compact   dryer   with   a   retractable   cord   and   handle .   this   is   exactly   what   i   wanted .   the   grip   is   matte   so   it   gives   a   nice   grip ,   it   folds   to   make   the   dryer   smaller .   the   retractable   cord   works   well   and   makes   the   dryer   very   convenient   to   use   in   my   small   bathroom   or   if   i   m   traveling .   the   settings   are   also   good   3   varieties   that   dry   my   hair   quickly .   the   dryer   is   not   very   loud   either ,   it   s   a   reasonable   noise   level .
dryer   replaced ,   finally   my   husband   has   been   using   a   hair   dryer   with   broken   teeth   off   the   comb   for   what   seems   like   forever .   when   he   mentioned   it ,   i   immediately   went   to   amazon ,   found   just   the   right   hair   dryer   and   it   works   perfectly .   it   has   just   the   right   heat   and   accessories   for   both   of   us .   i   would   suggest   to   others   to   buy   this   one .
conair   ionic   ceramic   styler   product   is   not   the   color   described .   supposed   to   be   black   and   white   but   is   actually   purple .   not   what   i   ordered .
air   doesn   t   stay   hot   i   have   been   using   the   twinturbo   3200   everyday   for   11   months .   i   bought   it   because   i   wanted   a   hair   dryer   that   would   blow   very   hot   air .   it   worked   great   for   about   9   months .   after   9   months ,   the   hot   air   wouldn   t   stay   hot   after   5   minutes   of   being   on   it   turns   to   warm   air .   also ,   the   diffuser   falls   off   very   often   while   the   hair   dryer   is   on .   it   s   quite   startling .   my   previous   hair   dryer   was   a   supersolano   that   i   used   everyday   for   6   years   before   it   failed .   i   do   not   recommend   the   pibbs   twinturbo ! !   i   am   very   disappointed   with   it .
wife   didnt   like   it   my   wife   has   long   hair   and   said   this   didn   t   dry   it   as   well   as   her   current   hair   dryer .   however   she   will   keep   this   for   travelling .   br   br   3   5   stars .   great   design   will   retractable   cord   and   folding   handle .   poor   performance .
perfect !   very   light   weight ,   and   is   not   too   hot   on   hair ,   gets   the   job   done !   very   happy   with   this   hair   dryer !
andis   hangup   hair   dryers   best   on   the   market !   the   andis   30925   hangup   hair   dryer   is   a   great   little   product .   mounts   to   the   wall   in   it   s   own   holder ,   so   it   is   up   out   of   the   way .   it   is   small   but   very   powerful   and   dries   even   the   longest   hair   evenly   and   quickly   with   a   nice   strong   flow   of   air   without   scorching .   the   nightlight   is   a   nice   touch   too .   br   br   however ,   i   would   like   to   see   the   nightlight   go   back   to   a   softer   green   color .   the   new   blue   nightlight   is   very   bright   and   i   had   to   put   a   piece   of   tape   over   it   to   mute   it   down .   br   br   great   product ,   buy   it   for   your   house .
awesome   hair   dryer !   this   hair   dryer   is   without   a   doubt   the   best   i   have   ever   purchased .   it   is   light ,   easy   to   handle ,   and   leaves   my   hair   soft   and   silky .   will   dry   hair   very   quickly ,   eliminating   flyaways   and   frizz .   great   tool   for   the   price .
very   dangerous   product   do   not   buy .   my   wife   has   been   using   this   hair   dryer   for   about   a   year   now   with   no   problems   until   today ,   when   the   dryer   motor   exploded   in   her   hands   and   she   was   nearly   electrocuted   when   she   tried   to   unplug   it .   reading   some   of   the   other   reviews ,   i   see   that   she   was   very   lucky   the   casing   remained   intact   and   the   tiny   sharp   pieces   of   the   motor   remained   inside   the   unit   rather   than   turning   into   dangerous   shrapnel .   the   andis   82075   tourmaline   ionic   hair   dryer   is   a   poorly   designed ,   dangerous   product   that   should   be   taken   off   the   market .
gets   the   job   done   my   daughter   hated   having   her   hair   dried ,   so   we   bought   her   her   very   own   hair   dryer .   she   loves   hello   kitty ,   so   she   loves   that   it   s   got   the   hello   kitty   stuff   all   over   it   and   that   made   her   comfortable   using   this   item .   it   works   fine .   we   don   t   use   it   for   any   high   end   styles   just   to   get   a   toddler   s   hair   dry   before   she   goes   to   bed .
disapointed   i   was   very   disappointed   in   this   product .   australian   power   outlets   are   different   to   this   product .   i   was   able   to   return   it   for   a   refund   but   the   cost   to   repost   it   was   more   than   triple   the   cost   of   the   product .   i   was   only   being   re   embersed   for   a   minimal   amount .   where   is   the   product   on   the   rubbish   shelf   in   the   shed .   would   not   purchase   again .
almost   caused   a   fire ! ! ! !   i   like   this   dryer .   it   s   pretty   loud   as   far   as   hair   dryers   go   and   i   like   that   it   has   three   different   heat   levels   but   i   find   that   warm   isn   t   warm   enough   but   hot   is   pretty   darn   hot .   so   hot   i   can   t   use   it   when   i   dry   my   childrens   hair .   i   use   it   myself   but   worry   that   much   heat   could   be   damaging   my   hair .   cool   shot   works   well   and   it   s   a   good   weight   for   a   dryer .   br   br   update   2   years   later   i   have   had   this   hair   dryer   for   almost   2   years   and   i   always   noticed   that   the   handle   was   warm .   well ,   this   morning ,   it   sparked   and   caught   fire .   needless   to   say ,   i   m   less   than   happy .   i   ve   had   plenty   of   other   hair   dryers   that   have   lasted   for   many   years   and   even   when   they   ended   up   breaking ,   they   just   stopped   working   as   opposed   to   almost   causing   a   fire   in   my   house ! ! !   this   is   a   huge   problem .   i   have   changed   my   rating .   do   not   purchase   this   dryer !
worked   better   than   many   of   the   hotel   hair   dryers .   i   used   this   hairdryer   while   on   a   trip   to   ireland .   while   it   s   true   that   you   only   get   one   functioning   speed   when   using   the   dryer   with   240   volts ,   the   speed   you   have   is   very   powerful .   i   stayed   at   a   number   of   hotels   that   had   dryers   available ,   but   in   most   cases ,   i   used   this   one   instead .   this   gave   me   the   convenience   of   using   it   anywhere   in   the   room   and   had   more   power   than   those   supplied   by   the   hotels .   it   is   very   light   weight   and   compact   for   packing .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   to   others   who   want   to   be   certain   they   have   a   functioning   hair   dryer   while   in   european   countries   without   having   to   purchase   and   take   the   risk   of   using   a   convertor .   a   plug   adapter   is   still   necessary .   a   simple   turn   of   a   screw   using   your   fingernail   changes   the   dryer   from   120   240   volts .
lightweight   hair   dryer   best   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .   i   love   it .   it   took   a   bit   to   get   it   but   it   was   well   worth   the   wait .
decent   cheap   hairdryer ,   no   cool   air   setting   i   needed   a   quick   replacement   for   my   spare   dryer   and   wasn   t   interested   in   spending   much   money .   this   one   has   two   settings ,   a   nice   grip ,   and   a   little   loop   for   hanging   it .   it   does   not   have   a   no   heat   setting   like   the   one   it   replaced ,   and   is   pretty   noisy .   ours   has   also ,   after   just   a   couple   of   months   of   daily   use ,   developed   a   bit   of   a   rattle   when   used   at   certain   angles ,   which   to   me   indicates   that   it   might   have   something   loose   or   just   out   of   tolerance   and   that   the   dryer   may   not   hold   up   long   term .   while   this   met   my   needs ,   i   ll   likely   be   replacing   it   with   a   more   expensive ,   slightly   fancier   model .
junk   my   sister   had   one   and   i   did   too .   the   dryer   would   turn   off   on   everything   but   the   low   setting   right   out   of   the   box .   both   units   did   this .   do   not   buy .   no ,   you   re   not   going   to   be   one   of   the   lucky   ones ... don   t   buy   this   piece   of   junk .
light   and   hot   this   little   hairdryer   is   very   light ,   easy   to   use ,   with   2   attachments .   the   controls   are   easy   to   use ,   and   there   s   a   button   for   cooler   air   so   that   you   can   actually   set   your   hair   using   hot   then   cold   air .   i   m   very   happy   with   the   purchase .
love   it   very   handy   and   heat   is   great   i   have   previously   owed   one   of   these   and   i   really   like   the   convenience   of   the   wall   mount .   heat   and   air   are   great
heavy   and   ineffective   this   hairdryer   gets   very   hot ,   but   not   much   air   blows   out   compared   to   other   i   have   an   older   conair   that   i   love   hairdryers .   it   s   also   very   heavy .
best   ever   i   had   this   blow   dryer   a   few   years   ago   it   lasted   6   yrs .   i   have   since   gone   through   the   chi   which   broke   in   6   months   solano   which   has   completely   destroyed   my   hair .... only   because   i   couldn   t   remember   the   name   of   my   old   dryer .   it   was   just   recently   while   asking   a   friend   if   she   knew   of   a   good   blower   that   i   was   reconnected   with   the   twin   turbo .   it   is   by   far   the   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   had ! !
inexpensive ,   fast   dryer   this   is   a   good   basic   dryer .   i   don   t   use   the   attachments   but   find   that   it   works   quickly   and   is   easy   to   hold .   i   don   t   think   that   it   being   tourmaline   ceramic   adds   much   to   the   product   s   quality ,   but   it   s   still   a   fine   product .
superior   dryer !   my   husband   continues   to   tease   me   because   i   continue   to   gush   about   how   much   i   love   this   blow   dryer .   he   says   ooooh   it   plugs   in   and   blows   air   how   special   says   the   man   with   little   hair   to   blow   this   is   a   great   dryer   i   have   longish   straight   hair   and   it   dries   it   in   a   heartbeat   without   frying   my   hair   the   variety   of   settings   really   work   well   and   the   cool   shot   button   is   instantaneous .   my   hair   hasn   t   looked   this   good   in   years !
sucks   hair   into   motor   ! !   so   annoying   ! ! !   i   dont   understand   the   great   reviews   of   others .   this   hairdryer   is   less   than   average   to   me .   br   br   cons   br   it   does   not   get   very   hot .   br   does   not   have   a   strong   blast .   br   slow   to   dry   my   hair   br   sucks   my   hair   into   the   vent   on   the   side   and   my   hair   gets   stuck   in   the   motor .   br   br   pros   br   feels   heavy   and   substantial .   br   br   but   the   really   annoying   thing   is   that   it   sucks   my   long   hair   into   the   vent   on   the   side   of   the   dryer   and   my   hair   gets   stuck   in   the   motor ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   br   i   have   to   cut   my   hair   out   with   scissors .   yeah ,   ouch .   br   who   puts   the   vent   on   the   side ,   anyway   br   br   dealbreaker .   this   machine   is   going   back   to   the   store .
six   years   of   wonderful   results .   i   had   this   hair   dryer   for   six   6   years .   i   m   surprised   it   lasted   that   long   ... given   my   previous   experiences   with   other   dryers   that   didn   t   even   reach   a   year   of   use .   absolutely   worth   the   price .
great   hair   dryer   this   is   a   great   hair   dryer .   easy   to   use   and   store .   i   don   t   like   cords   loose   on   things   and   the   cord   stores   in   the   handle   of   the   dryer   with   just   a   press   of   a   button .   we   had   stayed   at   the   fairmont   hotel   in   washington   dc   and   this   was   the   dryer   they   have   in   their   bathrooms .   i   liked   it   so   much   that   i   looked   on   amazon . com   and   sure   enough   i   found   it   and   bought   it   much   cheaper   than   i   thought   it   would   be   too   .   my   hair   is   short   and   fine   but   this   drys   it   in   half   of   the   time   as   my   old   one   and   gives   it   lots   of   volume .
great ,   basic   hair   dryer ...   my   only   complaint   is   that   there   is   not   a   hot   cool   option ,   so   it   can   get   pretty   hot ,   especially   on   the   high   setting .   other   than   that ,   it   s   an   inexpensive ,   quality   hair   dryer .
nice   product   and   very   portable   this   hairdryer   works   and   is   easily   portable .   br   it   been   taken   to   many   places   since   i   bought   it   br   and   my   wife   who   is   fussy   about   stuff   like   this   br   adores   it !
love   it .   when   i   decided   to   purchase   this .. my   mind   was   made   up .. i   was   going   professional .   the   price   for   a   professional   hair   dryer   could   be   very   expensive   considering   i   am   not   a   hairstylist   so   i   brought   this .. it   was   priced   in   the   middle .   i   totally   love   this   elchim ! ! !   i   have   curly   hair   and   i   could   straighten   it   or   wear   it   curly   with   no   frizz .   i   would   recommend   this   product .   it   s   worth   every   penny .
do   not   recommend   i   do   not   recommend   the   purchase   of   this   product .   it   does   dry   your   hair , however ,   the   attachment   does   not   lock   in   place   and   makes   it   very   frustrating   and   awkward   to   use .
gets   the   job   done   great   little   dryer ,   blows   strong   and   price   is   just   right .   biggest   down   side   as   others   have   mentioned   is   when   you   press   the   cool   button   power   goes   down   quite   a   bit .   so   unfortunately   there   is   no   way   to   blow   a   lot   of   cool   air .
wonderful   this   hair   dryer   is   great .   i   especially   love   the   cord   keeper   feature .   very   good   product .   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   anyone .
great   hair   dryer   it   s   extremely   hot ,   so   it   just   takes   15   20   minutes   for   me   blow   dry   my   wet   hair   as   if   i   have   ironed   it  
great   value   for   money !   this   is   an   awesome   product .   i   have   a   mid   length   hair   and   it   dries   them   in   5   mins   on   high   warm   setting .   there   are   2   settings   one   for   the   temperature   and   the   other   for   speed .   so   you   can   choose   between   cool   warm   hot   on   one   side   and   low   high   on   the   other   end .   the   product   was   delivered   on   the   said   delivery   date   and   it   is   a   great   value   for   money .
great   hair   dryer   i   had   been   looking   for   an   affordable   but   fast   drying   dryer .   this   one   is   amazing .   it   gets   my   hair   dry   a   lot   quicker ,   does   not   overheat ,   and   has   great   adjustable   speeds   and   heating .   however ,   i   will   say   that   the   only   con   to   this   product   is   that   it   is   not   completely   comfortable   to   hold .   i   will   occasionally   hit   the   cold   button   on   the   hair   dyer   because   i   don   t   know   where   else   to   comfortably   hold   it .
blow   dryer   love   the   fact   that   this   dryer   is   a   little   lighter   in   weight   than   the   original   one   that   i   also   have .   it   does   not   seem   to   have   the   same   drying   power   as   the   original ..   i   keep   this   one   in   my   travel   bag   for   that   reason .. it   is   easy   on   the   hair   and   does   not   seem   to   frizz   out   the   hair   as   some   brands   seem   to   do   all   the   time ..
i   bought   this   after   trying   it   at   a   hotel   i   recently   stayed   in   a   high   end   hotel ,   and   this   is   the   hairdryer   that   was   in   my   room .   after   using   it   just   once ,   i   had   to   buy   one   for   myself   whatever   the   cost .   when   i   got   home   and   placed   the   order ,   i   was   surprised   and   pleased   to   see   that   this   hair   dryer   is   also   a   great   value .   there   are   not   too   many   bells   and   whistles   on   this   dryer ,   just   a   good ,   strong   flow   of   air   that   isn   t   too   loud .   it   also   folds   into   a   compact   size   and   includes   a   retractable   cord ,   so   it   is   easy   to   store   in   a   drawer .
love   love   love   it ! ! !   i   am   always   traveling   and   needed   something   light   weight   and   small .   after   reading   other   reviews   on   this   product   i   decided   to   give   it   a   try .   i   love   it .   it   s   very   light   and   small .   it   also   comes   with   a   travel   size   bag .   it   doesn   t   tangle   your   hair .   very   good   dryer   for   those   who   s   always   on   the   go   or   even   if   you   re   not   and   you   want   something   light   and   small ! ! !
wife   pleaser .   get   your   mind   out   of   the   gutter .   this   thing   takes   a   damp   haired ,   angry   wife ,   into   a   glowing   beauty   with   gorgeous   hair .   it   also   has   a   suctioning   action   that   s   not   advertised ,   it   sucks   the   angry   out   of   nearby   females   and   it   pacifies   them   in   a   way   i   ve   never   seen   before .
great   while   it   lasted   i   was   a   little   hesitant   to   purchase   since   it   was   rather   cheap   for   a   good   ionic   dryer   but   it   worked   great .   i   have   3c   type   hair   and   it   dried   my   hair   rather   quickly   and   straight ,   with   minimal   frizz   but   it   did   die   out   exactly   a   year   later .   so   i   guess   you   get   what   you   pay   for .... but   it   was   good   while   it   lasted .
so   far   so   good   i   ordered   thursday   night   i   received   friday   night .   comparing   its   price ,   i   really   suprised   from   its   quality .   it   is   pleasant   to   touch   its   surface   and   it   works   very   well .   i   am   really   oversatisfied .   touch   wood ! !   i   hope   i   wont   have   a   trouble   in   coming   days .
better   than   a   chi   hair   dryer   my   chi   hair   dryer   had   just   broken   after   having   it   for   less   than   a   year   and   i   went   to   buy   a   new   one   at   walmart .   this   one   claims   to   work   as   well   as   chi   but   it   works   better .   im   obessed   with   it ,   it   drys   my   hair   faster   and   makes   it   so   much   smoother .   it   makes   my   hair   shinier   and   looks   smooth   even   after   i   straighten   it .   i   highly   reccomend   buying   it .
just   right   for   travel !   my   wife   bought   this   for   our   recent   europe   trip .   small ,   though   not   tiny   like   her   old   one ,   but   plenty   of   power ,   folds   for   packing ,   dual   voltage   means   no   convertor   needed   for   use   on   240v   50hz   in   europe   you   do   need   the   little   plug   adaptor ,   which   is   not   included   .   she   says   sh   ll   use   in   place   of   her   old   one   when   we   get   home .
fabulous   hair   dryer !   fast   shipping .   nice   weight ,   high   quality   product .   great   choices   of   speeds ,   heat   and   cooling   levels .   dries   hair   quickly   and   effortlessly .   highly   recommended .
inherited   by   my   mom !   i   have   really   rebel   wavy   hair   and   my   mom   got   this   as   a   gift   10   yrs   ago .   we   both   used   it .   she   gave   it   to   me   abt   4   5   yrs   and   honestly   it   sooo   good .   it   leaves   ur   hair   sleek   and   shiny   depending   how   good   you   take   care   of   your   hair   .   anyway   just   recently   it   makes   this   weird   sound   and   it   smells   kindda   bad   haha   but   i   cant   complain .   i   just   need   a   new   one   after   10   yrs .
the   hair   dryer   for   life ,   this   is   the   best   hairdryer   ever   this   hair   dryer   is   great   because   of   a   few   key   features   1   the   retractable   cord .   ok   ok   not   so   special .   2   it   has   3   heat   settings ,   3   levels   of   blowing   and   a   cooling   button   for   this   price   thats   unheard   of .   its   so   sturdy   and   nice   and   a   cool   metallic   color   too .   not   loving   the   neon   barbie   pink   but   hey   its   a   great   dryer   for   cheap .   and   its   got   some   nice   attachments   too   like   a   huge   serious   diffuser   !
perfect   perfect   for   long   thin   hair   that   doesn   t   need   to   be   dry   in   a   salon .   it   won   t   burn   your   hair   and   will   leave   it   with   no   friz
so   convenient   i   originally   bought   this   for   my   guest   bathroom   but   decided   to   put   in   the   master   and   i   am   so   glad   i   did .   i   don   t   have   to   get   the   dryer   out   everyday   to   dry   my   hair .   it   s   right   there   and   the   night   light   feature   is   great   also .   my   hair   isn   t   thick   so   the   blow   power   isn   t   an   issue   with   me   but   it   really   blows   and   drys   my   hair   in   no   time .   i   m   thinking   about   getting   another   one   for   our   guest   bath   and   for   a   christmas   gift .
not   quiet   i   was   disappointed   with   this   hair   dryer .   i   needed   a   quiet   hair   dryer   so   i   wouldn   t   wake   my   family   when   i   get   ready   early   in   the   morning .   while   advertised   as   being   quiet ,   it   is   no   different   than   the   regular   hair   dryers   we   have .   very   disappointing .
lightweight ,   big   flow   i   bought   this   product   because   it   was   highly   rated   by   good   housekeeping   as   best   lightweight   dryer .   it   is   lightweight   and   easy   to   handle .   dries   fast ,   even   on   low   heat .   the   fan   on   off   switch   has   the   off   position   in   the   middle   of   the   rocker ...   wish   it   were   the   down   position .   a   bit   confusing   when   you   are   not   looking .   also ,   this   would   be   a   fantastic   product   if   the   very ,   very   long   cord   were   a   retract .   the   long   cord   is   a   real   asset ..   no   doubt   about   it   and   it   doesn   t   tangle .   i   would   certainly   buy   again .
nice   dryer ... cord   shorts   hazard   out   from   reel   this   is   actually   a   nice   dryer ...   although   annoying   to   get   the   cord   back   in   and   out   at   times .   i   have   had   this   for   about   4   years .   however ,   it   now   has   a   short   in   the   cord   where   it   attaches   to   the   reel .   this   makes   the   dryer   not   come   on .   i   have   to   jiggle   the   cord   and   turn   back   on   to   get   it   to   work .   for   obviously   fire   hazard   reasons ,   i   unplug   it   after   use ,   but   will   need   to   find   a   new   dryer   as   it   s   simply   not   safe   to   keep   using .   that   being   said ,   i   guess   for   the   price   it   s   fine   it   does   work   well   until   it   fails .   just   don   t   pull   the   cord   too   far   out   else   you   will   likely   have   the   same   problem   as   me .
don   t   buy   this   andis   blow   dryer !   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   because   when   i   was   staying   at   the   cosmopolitan   hotel   in   las   vegas ,   they   stocked   one   in   the   room   and   i   really   liked   it   so   when   i   got   home   i   ordered   one   for   myself .   in   less   than   a   year ,   the   thing   kept   cutting   out   on   me .   i   would   wait   several   minutes   to   see   if   it   would   work   again ,   but   it   didn   t   until   i   kept   blowing   on   it .   well   today   it   started   making   some   strange   loud   crackling   sounds .   i   was   going   to   blow   on   it ,   but   decided   i   didn   t   want   to   risk   it   blowing   up   in   my   hand .
works ,   but   was   expecting   super   fast   drying   when   this   hairdryer   came   i   was   super   excited .   i   bought   to   replace   the   one   i   had   bought   back   in   high   school   longer   ago   than   i   care   to   remember   .   it   works   well ,   nothing   special .   it   s   nice   that   the   cord   can   be   stored   inside   the   dryer   istelf ,   but   leaves   the   plug   portion   just   hanging   out   awkwardly   so   it   makes   it   kind   of   hard   to   store   in   a   regular   sized   vanity   drawer .   it   comes   with   two   attachments   which   i   use   and   find   helpful   when   drying   my   hair   for   special   occasions .   it   s   okay ,   probably   would   have   gone   with   one   that   was   a   little   bit   cheaper   if   i   had   to   do   it   over   again .
meets   my   expectation   price   is   ok   and   this   product   definitely   meets   my   expectations .   only ,   the   ionic   feature   is   not   so   well   developed .   i   have   a   braun   ionic   hairdryer   and   i   love   the   ionic   feature .   i   almost   anticipated   that   the   ionic   feature   is   not   be   so   good   with   this   product   on   account   of   the   low   price   and   i   was   right .   so ,   the   product   is   fully   ok ,   only   if   you   buy   it   just   for   the   ionic   feature ,   then   you   might   be   disappointed .
good   deal   for   the   price   inexpensive .   lightweight   and   easy   to   hold .   blows   warm   and   hot .   i   was   disappointed   as   it   does   not   blow   cold   air   .   not   the   longest   cord   so   you   have   to   stand   close   to   where   you   plug   it   in .   be   careful   about   holding   it   close   to   your   head   as   it   will   sometimes   pull   your   hair   if   the   intake   on   the   sides   gets   too   close !   i   have   shoulder   length   hair   and   have   to   be   pretty   careful .   it   does   a   good   job   of   drying   my   hair .   it   s   not   too   loud ,   after   all   its   a   hair   dryer ! !
great   product ,   terrible   screws   this   is   the   second   andis   hairdryer   i   ve   had   of   this   type .   the   first   one   lasted   six   years   and   i   used   it   almost   every   day ,   then   it   eventually   started   to   overheat   and   would   turn   itself   off   almost   immediately   after   turning   it   on .   it   is   outstanding   and   that   s   why   i   bought   another   one .   i   personally   like   the   light   on   it   because   it   makes   a   great   night   light   in   the   bathroom .   however ,   there   is   one   problem   and   that   is   the   reason   i   m   giving   it   four   stars   instead   of   five .   the   screws   that   are   used   to   attach   this   hair   dryer   to   the   plate   that   goes   on   the   wall   have   a   phillips   head   that   does   not   match   american   phillips   screwdrivers .   i   was   very   lucky   to   have   one   special   screwdriver   that   worked .   why   i   didn   t   remember   this   problem   from   the   first   andis   hair   dryer   i   don   t   know .   i   think   they   should   include   american   head   phillips   screws   when   sending   it   to   an   address   in   the   united   states .
good   product   my   wife   likes   the   ion   and   we   both   like   the   power .   seems   to   have   all   the   gizmos .   deduct   one   star   for   fussy   buttons ,   but   seems   to   be   well   made
good   item   with   minor   flaws   overall ,   this   is   a   very   nice   hair   dryer .   it   is   lightweight ,   which   is   a   big   plus   in   my   book .   i   gave   only   4   stars   for   2   issues   1   noise ,   and   2   cold   shot   button .   this   is   not   the   noisiest   hair   dryer   i   ve   used ,   but   i   do   wish   it   was   a   bit   quieter .   not   enough   of   an   issue   to   make   me   sorry   i   bought   it .   i   do   really   wish ,   however ,   that   the   cold   shot   button   could   be   set   so   you   don   t   have   to   continually   hold   it   down .   my   previous   hair   dryer   allowed   the   button   to   be   set   and   left ,   which   i   liked   a   lot   as   i   use   it   frequently .   luckily ,   the   overall   lightness   of   the   dryer   allows   me   to   hold   the   button   down   fairly   comfortably .
hairdryer   way   too   noisy !   this   hairdryer   is   the   loudest   one   i   have   ever   owned !   br   i   m   actually   thinking   of   buying   another   and   using   this   only   br   for   travel .   br   br   other   than   that ,   it   s   very   lightweight ,   compact   and   dries   br   well .   br   br   because   it   s   so   loud ,   i   would   not   recommend   this   to   a   friend .
powerful !   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   i   liked   that   it   came   with   the   attachments   and   that   it   was   reasonably   priced .   what   i   found   was   in   addition   to   the   attachments ,   this   hair   dryer   is   very   powerful !   i   recently   had   to   use   my   old   dryer   and   kept   looking   at   it   to   make   sure   i   had   it   on   high ,   then   was   looking   to   see   if   there   was   dust   blocking   the   way !   what   a   huge   difference .   br   i   highly   recommend   this   dryer .   my   only   complaint   would   be   the   buttons   on   the   handle   are   not   in   a   great   place .   i   had   to   get   used   to   holding   the   dryer   and   not   turning   it   off   by   accident .   i   still   give   it   five   stars   though !
good   for   the   price   i   really   didn   t   expect   anything   spectacular   with   this   dryer , but   i   am   satisfied   with   the   product   overall ... the   seller   did   not   tak   elong   at   all   to   get   my   product   out   to   me   and   it   arrived   packaged   nicely   and   undamaged .   i   am   using   the   dryer   now   as   i   write   this   review   and   even   though   it   is   very   cheaply   made   i   am   impressed   with   the   heat   settings .   high   is   indeed   very   high   heat   and   perfect   for   when   i   do   my   deep   conditioning   treatments ... the   airflow   is   not   bad   either   considering   where   the   holes   are   place ... all   around   the   top   of   the   hood ,   and   then   the   airflow   from   the   opening   in   the   back .   i   can   actually   see   this   doing   a   good   job   on   my   hair   if   i   were   to   roller   set   and   get   under   the   dryer   no   problem ... if   you   are   just   looking   for   a   cheap   but   gets   the   job   done   such   as   deep   conditioning   with   heat   for   15   20   minutes   type   of   hair   dryer   then   i   say   buy   this   one .   its   ok   for   its   price .
favorite   hair   dryer   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   over   two   years   ago   after   using   one   at   a   hotel   and   it   s   still   going   strong .   it   s   a   great   dryer   light   weight ,   perfect   size ,   enough   power   to   dry   my   hair ,   and   very   reasonably   priced .   i   m   ordering   another   one   as   a   back   up ,   in   case   they   quit   making   this   model .   love   it ! ! !
over   heated   over   heated   and   shut   off   within   the   first   five   minutes   of   use .   returned   to   amazon .   would   in   no   way   recommend
great   for   the   hair   this   dryer   cuts   my   drying   and   styling   time   in   half ,   it   works   very   well   and   i   am   very   happy   to   have   bought   it .
eh ...   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   because   i   need   one   with   a   retractable   cord .   otherwise ,   it   is   fairly   heavy   and   kind   of   loud .   not   the   best   or   the   worst ,   i   have   owned   it   for   a   while   and   it   hasn   t   broken   which   is   a   plus .
best !   i   own   three   andis   turbo   1600w   hair   dryers .   why   it   has   tremendous   power   and   dries   hair   quickly .   the   low   setting   is   very   adequate .   the   andis   is   slightly   more   quiet   than   most   hair   dryers .   it   s   excellent   for   hair   health   because   the   heat   temp .   is   modified .   severe   heat   damages   hair   .   my   first   andis   is   10   years   old .   my   thanks   to   the   engineers !   this   is   a   very   good   product .   i   have   owned   countless   hair   dryers .   at   last ,   i   ve   found   the   best .
cheap   quality   i   couldn   t   get   the   hose   to   stay   attached   locked   to   the   bonnet .   used   it   for   30   mins   and   it   fell   off   at   least   5   times .   that   was   enough   for   me   to   return   it .
waste   of   time   and   money   this   dryer   is   a   waste   of   money ,   the   hood   does   not   adjust   and   it   is   difficult   to   get   it   positioned   over   your   head   so   your   hair   actually   dries .   you   have   to   stick   your   head   all   the   way   to   the   top   of   the   hood   to   really   get   the   air   on   your   hair ,   and   since   it   only   really   comes   out   of   a   few   holes   on   the   top   it   just   burns   a   few   spots   and   doest   really   affect   the   rest   of   your   hair .   this   is   only   good   for   people   with   really   straight   fine   hair .   not   for   rollers   or   any   types   of   styling   .....
horrible   placement   of   buttons !   took   it   back !   needed   a   new   blow   dryer   and   thought   this   would   be   the   one .   little   did   i   know   that   i   would   turn   it   off   and   on   and   change   the   heat   settings   while   simply   holding   it .   ended   up   returning   it   because   i   couldn   t   get   used   to   it .   br   br   it   blow   dries   your   hair   really   fast ,   but   that   s   only   when   it   s   on   the   correct   setting ,   which   i   kept   changing   with   a   slight   tough   of   my   hand .   if   anything ,   they   should   make   the   buttons   a   little   harder   to   switch ...   or   just   move   them   completely .
mixed   feelings   night   light   quit   working   after   a   week .   the   dryer   itself   works   fine   snd   is   handy   being   located   on   a   wall   and   not   in   a   drawer .
overheated   i   bought   this   dryer   last   year   and   loved   it .   i   bought   the   new   generation   this   year   and   it   simply   shuts   off   and   overheats   way   too   soon .
company   does   not   stand   behind   their   product   this   dryer   lasted   a   total   of   3 ,   light   duty ,   months   before   it   died .   i   contacted   the   company   who   said   they   d   bend   the   rules   and   allow   me   to   send   them   55.00   for   a   replacement .   they   said   that   the   vendor   who   sold   the   dryer   through   amazon   was   not   an   authorized   seller   and   they   had   no   way   of   knowing   the   condition   of   the   product   when   i   received   it .   so ,   long   story   short ,   not   a   good   experience   with   t3 .   it   was   underpowered   when   it   was   working .   i   don   t   trust   a   company   who   values   customer   satisfaction   so   little .
quiet   and   powerful   i   bought   this   same   dryer   8   years   ago   and   absolutely   loved   it .   when   friends   would   use   it ,   they   d   always   wanted   to   know   where   i   got   it   but   it   had   been   so   long   that   i   forgot .   when   it   blew   out   because   i   dropped   the   power   cord   hard   on   the   floor   for   many   o   years   i   knew   i   had   to   replace   it .   i   searched   for   it   on   amazon   and   sure   enough ,   they   had   it   and   you   can   t   beat   the   price .   it   s   quiet   and   does   a   great   job   on   long   hair .
happy   last !   this   hair   dryer   is   amazing !   my   hair   is   very   wavy   time   very   curly ,   br   this   dryer   let   s   me   style   my   hair   easily .   it   makes   my   dryer   time   so   much   faster .   br   br   love   it ! !   br   br   maggie ,   river   vale ,   nj
not   really   digging   it   got   this   for   travel   purposes .   used   it   2   3   weeks   ago .   takes   longer   to   dry   my   hair   which   i   expected   due   to   less   wattage   and   it   makes   my   hair   more   frizzy   which   i   did   not   expect   .   this   is   in   comparison   to   the   revlon   rv544blu   tourmaline   ionic   1875   watt   dryer ,   which   i   also   got   from   amazon .   the   product   came   exactly   as   shown   in   picture .
it   gets   the   job   done   quick   this   is   the   second   time   i   purchased   the   same   exact   item .   my   first   one   lasted   at   least   4   years !   it   works .
i   really   like   it   i   have   only   dried   my   hair   twice   with   it ,   because   i   bought   it   2   nights   ago .   i   do   like   it ,   it   feels   quality   to   me .   my   hair   is   a   lot   less   frizzy   even   after   letting   it   dry   half   way   then   finishing   with   the   dryer .   i   actually   have   very   curly   hair   that   is   banana   curls   underneath   and   waves   everywhere   else .   i   did   half   my   hair   with   the   diffuser   for   the   curls   andhalf   my   head   straight   no   i   didn   t   go   out   in   public   like   this   and   i   like   it   for   styling   both   ways .   it   s   heavier   then   my   red   revlon   dryer   and   blue   contair   but   it   does   a   better   job .   i   hated   my   blue   dryer   b   c   i   always   had   frizzy   hair   afterwards .   the   red   dryer   was   like   a   someone   blowing   on   my   hair   themselves   no   power   at   all .   so   far   so   good ,   i   purchased   mine   at   target ,   they   have   the   dryers   they   sell   on   display   so   you   can   pick   them   up   and   feel   the   weight   and   shape   i   would   suggest   finding   a   local   target   that   offers   that   before   buying   a   new   dryer .   make   sure   it   s   right   weight   for   yourself ,   i   was   ok   with   it   and   i   have   corporal   tunnel   ion   both   my   arms .
awful   awful   awful   would   give   it   a   0   if   i   could   br   bonnet   had   a   hole   in   it ,   and   the   air   just   doesnt   seem   to   get   through .   this   is   a   cheap   product   make   the   investment !
helps   with   the   frizzies   i   ve   had   my   share   of   hair   dryers   in   my   life   time ,   so   i   confess   i   was   relieved   when   my   old   one   died .   i   knew   exactly   what   i   wanted   1 .   ionic   technology   because   it   helps   reduce   my   frizzies .   br   2 .   at   least   3   heat   settings .   tired   of   warm   and   too   hot .   br   3 .   power .   my   hair   is   thick   and   it   takes   some   air   velocity   to   dry   it .   most   dryers   are   pretty   good ,   but   the   turbo   setting   does   increase   it .   it   s   not   wind   tunnel   awesome ,   but   it   s   helpful .   br   this   hair   dryer   met   those   requirements .   as   noted   by   several   other   reviewers ,   it   is   a   bit   larger   and   heavier   than   most   other   hand   held   hair   dryers .   if   that   is   not   an   issue   for   you ,   i   think   you   will   like   it .
best   travel   dryer   ever   i   just   returned   from   a   trip   to   israel   and   this   travel   dryer   performed   beautifully .   all   i   needed   was   the   plug   adapter   that   i   had   purchased   and   when   i   set   the   dryer   to   the   international   voltage   the   dryer   functioned   perfectly .   i   had   no   issue   with   over   heating   and   had   really   effective   power   which   was   far   superior   to   the   dryer   in   our   bathroom   provided   by   the   hotel .   i   also   appreciated   the   folding   feature   making   it   easy   to   pack .   highly   recommend ! ! ! !
does   all   i   had   hoped .   does   all   that   i   had   hoped ...... helps   to   declutter   my   vanity   top   and   dries   my   hair .   as   for   the   night   light .... i   find   that   a   plus .... soft   glow   in   the   whole   vanity   area .
andis   33700   hangup   1600w   wall   mount   hair   dryer   this   is   the   second   andis   hair   dryer   that   i   have   purchased   because   i   like   it   so   much .   when   we   remodeled   our   bathroom ,   this   is   the   hairdryer   that   came   to   mind .   i   like   the   night   light   feature .   it   is   very   bright   and   green !   the   dryer   has   plenty   of   power   and   has   an   adjustable   heat   setting .   can   t   go   wrong   with   this   product .   our   first   one   is   at   least   20   years   old   and   we   are   now   using   it   in   a   different   bathroom .
conair   1875   conair   1875   hair   dryer   br   br   stopped   working   in   less   than   a   month .   the   reset   button   won   t   click ,   so   it   won   t   start .   don   t   feel   like   the   hassle   of   trying   for   a   credit   or   return ,   don   t   have   packaging .   am   going   to   buy   local   where   i   can   easily   return   something .
good   while   it   lasted   mine   stopped   working   in   less   than   3   months .   as   i   was   drying   my   hair   it   all   of   the   sudden   stopped .   nothing   i   could   do   would   make   it   turn   back   on .   it   wasn   t   that   expensive   but   i   do   expect   it   to   last   longer   than   3   months .
good   price ,   great   for   thick   hair   i   noticed   an   immediate   difference   in   the   texture   of   my   hair   after   purchasing   this   hair   dryer .   it   took   less   time   to   dry ,   and   it   was   much   smoother ,   which   was   great   because   i   have   very   thick   hair .   the   size   and   weight   are   fine .   i   agree   with   other   reviewers   that   the   blue   light   is   weird ,   but   it   s   really   not   a   big   deal   you   could   cover   it   with   electrical   tape   if   it   really   drove   you   nuts .   i   ve   had   the   hair   dryer   for   a   few   months   and   have   no   complaints   it   s   been   a   great   addition   to   my   hair   care   arsenal .
works   good   so   far   i   purchased   two   of   the   hairdryers   on   aug   12th ,   and   today   is   sept .   13th   so   they   are   only   one   month   old .   i   have   been   careful   to   sort   of   break   in   the   first   one   by   using   low   power   for   a   minute   before   going   to   high   power   and   then   to   switch   to   low   power   when   i   am   finished   before   turning   off .   i   was   concerned   since   several   reviews   stated   that   they   had   problems   with   the   unit   failing   after   using   it   only   for   a   short   time .   so   far   i   am   very   pleased   with   my   purchase   and   am   considering   buying   two   more   to   keep   as   reserves .   it   is   almost   impossible   to   buy   1600   w   dryers   now   and   even   harder   to   find   dryers   than   have   the   side   mounted   motors   and   fans   which   i   like .   the   new   1875   w   dryers   can   cause   circuit   breakers   to   trip   and   i   don   t   feel   we   need   that   much   heat   on   our   hair .   we   must   all   remember   that   in   this   economy   everyone   is   trying   to   cut   costs ,   and   that   pertains   to   hairdryers   as   well   as   everything   else .   anything   we   can   do   to   reduce   the   shock   to   a   new   appliance   can   possibly   lengthen   the   life   of   the   product .   nothing   lasts   as   long   as   they   used   to   as   we   have   found   with   clothes   washers   and   dryers ,   refrigerators ,   dish   washers ,   ac   units   etc .   however ,   so   far ,   i   am   extremely   pleased   with   this   hairdryer .   hopefully   that   will   stay   the   same   for   months   ahead .
amazing   product !   great   product ,   easy   and   fast   results .   love   it ! !   fast   shipping ..   i   have   curly   hair   and   this   product   straightens   my   hair   in   about   twenty   twenty   five   minutes ..   and   i   am   no   professional .
finally   got   exactly   what   i   wanted   after   purchasing   several   other   dryers ,   this   is   the   one !   my   old   conair   baby ,   that   was   ancient ,   bit   the   dust .   the   newer   versions   were   a   pale   comparison ,   so   i   started   searching .   my   requirements   were   relatively   light   weight ,   doesn   t   sound   like   a   jet   engine ,   larger   than   usual   air   blowing   surface ,   long   enough   cord ,   a   little   less   than   1800   watts .   this   is ,   by   far ,   the   nearest   thing   to   my   old   conair   baby   that   i   found .   i   actually   went   back   and   ordered   another   for   a   spare .   i   ve   been   using   this   now   for   a   few   months   i   think ,   i   love   it .
great   hair   dryer   for   the   money   our   old   dryer   died   and   we   decided   to   try   this   one   for   the   ionic   system .   the   dryer   is   very   fast ,   has   mutiple   settings   and   my   wife   who   didn   t   like   hair   dryers ,   because   she   has   very   fine   hair ,   really   likes   this   one   and   uses   it .   it   does   a   very   good   job   and   this   model   seems   perfect   to   me .
cheap !   this   dryer   is   very   cheaply   made .   i   used   it   once   did   not   work   second   time .   i   went   to   rite   aid   and   bought   a   small   conair   travel   dryer   which   i   ve   had   before   .   great   dryer !
adis   hair   dryer   i   was   able   to   test   drive   this   hair   dryer   at   la   bellaserra   hotel   in   paso   robles .   it   was   so   fantastic   i   had   to   get   one   for   home .   leaves   your   hair   soft   and   dries   it   in   less   time !
good   lifespan   for   price   it   lasted   a   little   over   a   year   and   a   half ,   which   is   decent   for   the   20   i   paid .   the   fan   runs ,   but   the   housing   has   separated   where   the   silver   part   and   black   part   meet ,   leaving   a   crack   that   allows   strands   of   hair   to   be   sucked   into   the   fan   heater   assembly .   i   m   looking   for   something   a   little   more   durable ,   even   if   it   ends   up   costing   a   bit   more .   it   does   reduce   frizz !   travels   well   domestically   within   the   us ,   but   is   not   a   dual   voltage   dryer .
strong   dryer   i   ve   been   looking   for   a   powerful   hair   dryer   and   found   this   at   a   resort .   i   was   happy   that   i   found   it   online   and   it   was   so   reasonable .   i   like   the   retraactable   cord   and   hope   it   lasts .   some   of   the   reviews   were   negative   on   this .   it   leaves   my   hair   dry   in   minutes   and   soft .   more   powerful   than   some   of   the   other   larger   hair   dryers   i   ve   purchased .
it   s   ok ... kind   of   i   wanted   a   bonnet   hair   dryer   to   deep   condition   my   hair .... i   remember   the   one   my   mother   had   over   20   years   ago ... they   sure   dont   make   them   like   that   anymore ,   that   one   provided   full   drying   coverage   it   wasnt   just   blowing   heat   out   the   top   and   with   a   prayer   and   tilt   of   head   forward   hopes   it   drys   the   back   and   sides   of   the   head   too .... which   is   what   this   one   does ... i   was   thinking   of   returning   it   but   after   researching   others   as   it   turns   out   they   all   seem   to   be   like   this ... so   ill   keep   it ... it   gets   really   hot   when   on   the   high   setting   not   the   air   the   dryer   itself   and   on   first   use   it   tripped   my   electrical   plug .....
best   hair   dryer   ever ! ! ! ! !   i   ve   been   searching   for   a   great   quality   hair   dryer   and   decided   to   give   this   one   a   try   after   reading   all   the   great   reviews .   this   product   is   every   bit   as   awesome   as   people   have   said ! ! ! ! !   i   love   it ! ! ! !   i   have   shoulder   length ,   curly   hair   and   this   dryer   cuts   my   drying   time   in   half .   worth   every   single   penny ! ! ! !
very   nice .   my   wife   loves   this   new   hair   dryer .   it   blows   her   old   hair   dryer   away .   she   has   been   very   please .   we   have   not   issues   with   the   product   at   this   time .   she   uses   it   most   days .
button   sucks ! !   buttons   on   the   dryer   are   not   user   friendly ,   if   you   are   planning   to   use   often   its   not   a   good   buy .
not   that   great   i   bought   this   product   about   a   year   now   and   i   have   to   say   there   are   other   blowers   that   work   better   than   this   one   that   are   way   cheaper   for   the   price   it   has   a   high   pressure   of   hair   coming   out   and   it   is   light   but   it   does   not   silk   the   hair   no   matter   how   much   you   go   over   the   same   section   of   hair   i   would   not   buy   agian .   and   yes   i   am   a   dominican   hair   stylish
lasts   unfortunately   only   one   year   this   is   a   perfect   little   travel   dryer   too   bad   that   the   plastic   of   the   fan   rotor   is   such   bad   quality .   we   have   had   2   of   these   break   after   exactly   13   months   of   use   so   just   outside   the   warranty   on   top   of   that   the   cost   of   mailing   ect .   inside   the   warranty   period   is   prohibitive   for   actually   using   the   warranty   br   we   bought   the   second   one   because   the   quality   of   the   rest   of   the   components   as   well   as   the   construction   is   very   good ,   but   after   the   second   break   down   with   exactly   the   same   problem   and   after   exactly   the   same   time ,   we   must   conclude   that   this   is   not   worth   the   money .
great   i   bought   this   for   my   wife   and   she   really   likes   it ,   she   says   it   s   the   best   hair   dryer   she   has   ever   used   in   her   life .
great   product   as   prescribed   it   works   well   sofar   will   see   how   long   it   last .   i   use   it   on   a   daily   basis   handle   pretty   good
miracle   dryer !   only   been   using   this   for   about   a   week   now   so   i   can   t   speak   to   the   longevity   of   the   dryer   but   i   really   love   it   so   far .   hair   dryers   have   always   been   kind   of   hit   and   miss ,   mostly   miss   for   me .   they   are   usually   not   strong   enough ,   or   too   hot ,   or   not   hot   enough ,   or   cheaply   made   even   expensive   ones   ,   etc .   i   have   thick   long   hair   and   it   takes   forever   to   dry .   this   dryer   is   amazing .   it   has   several   settings   and   on   the   hottest ,   strongest   setting   i   can   dry   my   hair   faster   than   any   other   dryer   i   ve   had .   but   it   doesn   t   get   overly   hot   either .   i   don   t   feel   like   i   m   burning   my   hair   and   scalp   as   i   have   with   other   dryers .   as   someone   who   has   been   on   the   hunt   for   the   perfect   dryer   for   decades ,   i   feel   like   i   finally   found   one .   i   m   tempted   to   buy   a   bunch   so   i   have   them   for   the   future   in   case   this   one   ever   goes   away .
great   value !   heats   instantly ,   dries   hair   very   quickly   and   it   s   much   quieter   than   any   other   brand   i   ve   ever   had ... well   worth   the   price .
oh   yeah ...   so ... my   girlfriend   has   this   really   super   thick ,   straight ,   shiny ,   enviable   mane   of   dark   red ,   beautiful   butt   length   hair .   she   mantains   it   so   thoroughly   and   with   so   much   detail ,   her   daily   routine   usually   takes   substantial   effort   and   time .   br   br   with   our   old   high   end   hair   dryer   i   started   referring   to   this   ritual   of   hers   as   hairnobyl   because   it   raised   the   temperature   of   the   bathroom   20   degrees ,   dimmed   the   lights ,   made   me   turn   up   the   tv   really   loud ,   the   dogs   would   hide   in   other   rooms   and   communication   was   impossible   her   mouth   would   move ... but ...   .   after   the   30   minutes   of   excruciating   noise   i   was   climbing   the   wall ... not   to   mention   a   repetitive   use   shoulder   pain   she   developed .   br   br   then   i   bought   her   this   dryer .   br   br   her   shoulder   feels   better   because   it   s   so   much   lighter ,   and   it   takes   about   half   the   time .   it   is   also   more   effective ... makes   her   hair   really   shiny .   br   br   we   now   own   two   of   these ... they   are   great !   she   s   an   expert ,   and   when   she   raves   about   a   hair   product ... trust   me ... it   is   win !
quick   drying ,   easy   on   the   ears   this   is   a   very   good   hair   dryer ,   especially   if   you   are   less   accustomed   to   professional   dryers .   if   you   like   myself   have   been   buying   conair   or   revlon   dryers   since   you   were   a   teenager   then   you   ll   appreciate   a   step   up   from   those .   this   dries   my   hair   quickly   without   an   intense   level   of   heat .   better   yet   much   less   noise   and   a   longer   cord   than   my   previous   dryers .   a   solid   purchase .
amazing !   a   long   time   elchim   user   here   didn   t   think   anything   was   better   than   the   hot   heat   and   forceful   blow .   well   this   is   better   than   that !   fastest   drying   time   ever ,   heat   is   right   on .   it   is   a   little   heavy ,   which   frankly   none   of   the   good   dryers   are   light ,   so   you   can   t   really   ding   it   on   that .   i   have   hair   to   below   my   shoulder   blades ,   wavy   frizzy ,   colored   and   this   makes   it   almost   to   the   point   of   no   flat   iron .   worth   the   price ,   just   the   best   dryer   ever !
so   far   so   good   i   am   loving   this   blow   dryer !   my   hair   feels   so   soft   and   looks   much   more   shiny ! ! ! !   i   m   hoping   it   isnt   like   the   other   reviews   and   doesnt   break   in   a   few   weeks   bc   i   love   this   brand   and   will   never   buy   another   cheap   walmart   brand ! ! ! ! !
great   little   hair   dryer   i   needed   a   smaller   hair   dryer   with   a   diffuser   to   use   while   traveling .   i   saw   this   conair   and   decided   to   give   it   a   try .   it   works   great   and   the   diffuser   is   a   good   one .   it   fits   well   into   my   suitcase ,   taking   up   little   room .   i   can   t   use   hotel   hair   dryers   because   they   do   not   have   diffusers   so   this   conair   is   a   great   answer   to   my   hairdo   needs .   i   have   very   wavy   and   thick   hair   and   i   like   to   have   it   curl .   to   do   this   i   need   a   diffuser   and   this   hair   dryer   comes   with   one .   it   s   a   little   difficult   to   attach   the   diffuser   but   once   attached   it   s   stable   and   does   not   come   off .   on   other   hair   dryers   i   ve   had   the   problem   of   diffusers   coming   off   while   i   m   in   the   middle   of   drying   my   hair   .   i   highly   recommend   this   hair   dryer   as   an   alternative   to   the   larger   ones ,   or   as   a   second   one   to   use   while   traveling .
its   really   the   fastest   i   do   not   buy   anithing   without   try   it   first .   but   this   blower   its   really   great .   its   fast   and   powerfull ,   and   reduce   the   time   of   drying   in   half .   i   love   this   product .
waaaay   too   loud ,   don   t   buy   i   bought   this   dryer   about   a   week   ago   because   i   ve   recently   become   natural   and   i   needed   a   hooded   dryer   for   hot   oil   treatments   and   deep   conditioning .   this   is   my   first   time   using   the   dryer   and   i   hate   it .   the   price   was   reasonable   and   now   i   understand   why .   it   is   so   noisy   i   can   t   take   it .   the   worst   part   of   it   is   that   i   found   a   dryer   in   my   closet   which   i   clearly   forgot   about   and   now   i   m   stuck   with   an   overly   noisy   dryer   that   i   will   never   use   again .   if   you   plan   on   buying   a   dryer   please   please   read   the   product   reviews   from   people   who   have   purchased   it .   i   failed   to   do   that   and   if   i   did   i   wouldn   t   be   stuck   with   a   noisy   dryer .
happy ... would   buy   again   overall ,   very   pleased   with   my   purchase .   the   diffuser   stays   on ,   which   was   a   problem   with   my   previous   dryer   so   much   so   that   my   little   dog   has   learned   to   sit   outside   the   bathroom   when   the   hairdryer   is   on   since   the   previous   diffuser   constantly   jumped   off   and   attacked   him   .   what   i   like   most   about   this   hair   dryer   is   that   it   is   quiet .... really   quiet ... a   big   plus !   i   think   my   only   dislike   is   that   the   on   off   is   above   the   heat   setting .   where   you   naturally   hold   it   your   thumb   is   closest   to   the   heat   setting ,   so   every   time   i   go   to   shut   it   off   i   hit   the   temp   instead .   sure   i   will   get   used   to   it ,   but   is   something   that   should   be   fixed   in   future   models .
just   okay   i   saw   the   other   reviews   and   thought   this   was   the   dryer   for   me .   well   not   so   much .   yes   it   did   make   my   hair   less   frizzy .   but   my   main   disappointment   is   that   it   doesn   t   have   enough   power   nor   did   it   dry   my   hair   quicker .
hair   dryer   bought   this   to   replace   my   reliable   sunbeam   1500   wall   mount   hair   dryer   which   lasted   over   4   years .   this   model   is   the   newer   replacement   version .   newer   but   definitely   not   better .   it   lasted   only   3   months   before   before   it   burned   out   sparks ,   smoke   and   then   death .   cheaply   made   junk ! ! !
buyer   beware !   i   paid   around   68   bucks   for   this   a   year   ago .   it   never   worked   right .   the   front   would   get   scalding   hot   and   the   back   would   stay   cool   and   it   was   very   loud .   i   used   it   maybe   three   times ,   four   at   the   most   and   hated   it .   the   fourth   or   fifth   time   i   went   to   use   it ,   it   made   a   pop   noise   and   then   nothing .   it   never   worked   again .   i   cannot   find   anyone   to   fix   it   or   replace   it .   of   course ,   it   crapped   out   after   the   warranty   expired .   do   not   buy   this   dryer !   it   is   a   total   hunk   of   junk .   it   still   looks   brand   new ,   but   its   just   a   giant   paper   weight   now .
great   hair   dryer   for   a   low   price   i   was   really   surprised   when   i   received   this   hair   dryer   because   the   quality   of   the   product   it   is   great   br   the   dryer   is   very   affordable   and   has   a   great   look   and   feel   and   puts   out   nice   heat .   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   product   to   friends   and   am   very   happy   with   it .
conair   hair   dryer   great   product   for   the   price .   works   great   and   has   nice   settings .   it   came   with   two   snap   on   extentions   which   both   work   nice   on   my   hair .
even   broken ,   it   works   great !   i   bought   this   hair   dryer   almost   four   years   ago ,   and   i   use   it   for   at   least   15   minutes   every   day .   after   about   a   year ,   the   bottom   switch   high   medium   off   broke   off ,   but   i   m   still   able   to   turn   it   on   and   off   with   the   thumb   easily   enough .   it   is   a   bit   heavier   than   your   average   dryer ,   but   it   works   much   faster ,   and   i   can   tell   and   definite   difference   in   the   smoothness   of   my   hair   when   i   use   this   compared   to   the   cheap   o   ones   i   ve   used   in   the   past .   i   m   thinking   about   buying   another   one   just   because   mine   is   scuffed   up   and   has   the   broken   switch ,   but   all   in   all ,   it   works   great !   also ,   there   is   a   matching   straightener   which   works   really   well ,   too !   asin   b003v21wo2   remington   s9520   salon   collection   ceramic   hair   straightener   with   pearl   infused   wide   plates ,   2   inch  
lastest   almost   a   year ...   well ,   this   is   an   update   to   my   previous   review .   this   blow   dryer   has   stopped   blowing   hot   air ,   only   blows   cold   now .   it   happened   right   after   i   pushed   and   held   the   cold   shot   button   in   for   a   minute ,   maybe   less .   i   feel   this   dryer   should   have   lastest   longer .   br   br   this   little   hair   dryer   is   powerful ,   it   s   nice   and   petite ,   and   the   air   is   not   too   hot   that   it   burns   and   not   so   cool   that   it   doesn   t   dry   well .   it   s   the   perfect   temp .   so   far   it   is   the   best   little   hair   dryer   i   have   ever   owned .   the   only   draw   back   is   that   the   cord   doesn   t   retract .   however ,   those   usually   break   sooner   than   later ,   so   i   am   happy .
best   blowdryer   ever ! ! !   i   ve   been   a   stylist   for   15   yrs   and   i   can   tell   you   nothing   compares   to   this   dryer   in   terms   of   closing   the   cuticle   with   added   shine   however   i   do   recommend   getting   the   twin   turbo   ionic   for   30   more   it   s   worth   every   penny .   i   couldn   t   be   more   happier   and   it   s   made   in   italy   so   the   finest   materials   go   into   construction   and   you   can   feel   it .   the   weight   and   the   little   kickback   when   turned   on   sounds   crazy   but   this   this   is   powerful .
amazing   i   have   very   thick   hair   and   go   through   blow   dryers   quite   frequently .   i   am   always   upset   when   i   have   to   spend   so   much   75   on   something   i   know   i   will   have   to   replace .   br   br   well   this   dryer   has   been   wonderful !   i   have   had   it   much   longer   than   i   have   had   any   other   blow   dryer .   also   i   can   rest   easy   knowing   that   if   i   do   have   to   replace   it   it   is   well   within   a   reasonable   price .   br   br   thank   you   conair !
excelente   calidad   la   nano   cer   aacute   mica   i   oacute   nica   seca   el   cabello   tecnolog   iacute   a   como   ninguna   otra .   en   vez   de   seco ,   paja   como   el   pelo   seco   el   andis   proporciona   un   secado   flexible   y   suave   que   hace   que   el   pelo   se   siente   muy   sano   y   natural .
powerful ,   but   not   that   hot .   this   product   was   listed   as   a   2000   watt   ceramic   ionic   hairdryer .   it   certainly   had   2000   watts   and   was   as   loud   and   powerful   as   a   jet   engine   in   my   bathroom .   however ,   despite   the   power ,   the   heat   was   lacking .   and ,   it   was   so   powerful ,   it   was   difficult   to   control   fly   aways .   not   recommended   for   curly   hair   where   you   are   trying   to   control   frizz   and   defeat   humidity .   too   powerful ,   but   not   hot   enough   to   help .
great   for   reducing   frizz !   awesome   hair   dryer !   i   have   very   frizzy   hair ,   and   this   is   the   first   blow   dryer   i   have   owned   that   actually   helps   to   reduce   frizz .   my   hair   is   almost   frizz   free   after   i   blow   dry ,   so   i   can   just   quickly   run   my   flat   iron   over   it   rather   than   having   to   iron   tiny   sections   to   remove   the   frizz .   the   high   speed   is   very   powerful ,   and   it   dries   my   hair   quickly .   the   retractable   cord   is   a   great   feature   so   the   cord   isn   t   laying   all   over   my   counter   when   i   m   not   using   the   dryer .   the   only   reason   i   gave   this   4   stars   instead   of   5   i   would   have   liked   to   give   it   4.75   if   i   could   is   because   it   takes   a   little   while   to   heat   up .   otherwise ,   this   is   a   great   product   and   i   highly   recommend   it .
great   product   for   its   convenience   while   it   may   not   be   the   most   powerful   or   versatile   hair   dryer   available ,   it   is   certainly   the   most   convenient .   i   bought   this   as   a   replacement   for   the   exact   same   model   that   lasted   several   years .   my   wife   wanted   this   one   replaced   when   the   plastic   internal   fan   blades   broke   apart ,   but   that   was   after   5   10   years   of   regular   use .   my   wife   has   one   or   two   others   that   have   specialty   attachments   and   are   probably   more   powerful ,   but   this   is   the   one   that   she   uses   as   the   primary   one ,   because   it   is   always   right   there ,   nothing   to   pull   out   and   plug   in   etc .   it   s   just   there   and   it   is   powerful   enough   to   handle   most   every   requirement .   i   use   it   infrequently   but   my   short   hair   is   dry   in   less   than   a   minute .
improved   design   more   stylish   than   the   old   model   i   bought   3   sunbeam   1500   wall   mount   hairdryer   back   in   2000   and   had   used   them   since .   after   a   few   years   use   i   noticed   the   plastic   part   got   a   small   hole   burnt .   i   found   a   way   to   still   use   it   by   letting   it   sit   until   it   cooled   down   before   placing   it   back   into   the   mounting   fixture .   so   based   on   the   durability   of   the   product   i   bought   this   model   again   expecting   bunbeam   to   have   improved   in   the   design   about   the   heat   discipation .   my   previous   3   dryer   are   still   working   but   i   changed   them   all   anyway .   br   i   m   impressed   with   the   new   design   it   becomes   more   stylish   and   after   drying   my   hair   when   i   hold   the   blow   hole   by   hand   it   s   just   mildly   warm   not   hot   at   all .   it   is   not   a   very   quiet   hairdryer   but   i   m   happy   with   the   purchase .   i   expect   to   last   20   years .
i   love   it ! ! !   i   have   tried   many   types   of   hair   dryers   from   inexpensive   to   professional .   i   have   long   medium   thick   hair .   this   one   saves   me   so   much   time   and   my   hair   turns   out   looking   healthy   and   shiny .   i   rarely   use   my   straightener   any   more .
my   favorite   hairdryer   i   recently   purchased   this   bad   boy   for   the   2nd   time .   i   was   distraught   when   i   went   to   dry   my   hair   one   morning   and   my   old   dryer   wouldn   t   turn   on   i   ran   to   target   and   grabbed   a   cheap   conair   dryer   but   hated   it   after   a   couple   of   uses .   i   wound   up   ordering   this   a   few   days   later .   it   s   much   quieter   than   many   dryers   i   ve   used .   it   has   different   heat   settings   that   you   can   toggle ,   and   it   s   not   too   heavy .   it   s   definitely   my   go   to   dryer .
poor   when   you   turn   it   on   setting   2 .   its   smells   real   bad ..   br   there   are   no   holes   for   the   heat   to   come   out   in   the   sides .   setting .   1   dose   not   get   very   hot ..   br   i   would   not   recommend   this   product   to   know   one ..
mounted   hairdryer   i   have   used   this   product   at   three   other   facilities   and   it   is   a   value   for   the   cost .   mounts   easily   and   works   as   detailed .
weak   based   on   mostly   positive   reviews   i   purchased   this   hair   dryer   usually   the   reviews   on   amazon   are   on   target   not   this   time .   this   dryer   appears   to   be   well   built   and   fits   the   space   on   my   wall   fine   but   has   two   major   flaws   that   make   me   regret   my   decision   to   purchase   br   1 .   the   night   light   is   way   too   bright .   br   2 .   more   importantly ,   the   air   flow   on   the   high   setting   is   woefully   inadequate   for   me ! ! !   trying   to   dry   my   hair   each   morning   during   this   hot   summer   has   been   no   fun   with   this   hair   dryer   barely   pushing   very   hot   air   at   me .   it   usually   leaves   me   sweating   with   semi   dry   hair .   br   br   i   hate   to   waste   hard   earned   money ,   but   i   m   looking   at   trashing   this   unit   and   finding   a   replacement   i   used   to   have   a   sunbeam   model   that   worked   great   .   br   br   good   luck   shopping !
not   for   my   hair .   this   hair   dryer   gave   my   hair   great   body   but   when   it   came   to   straightening   it   it   fails .   its   really   only   because   i   have   insanely   thick   hair ,   this   product   would   probably   work   on   someone   with   thinner   and   more   tamable   hair   than   myself .
great   product   i   have   wanted   a   t3   hair   dryer   for   several   years   after   watching   presentations   on   infomercials .   my   hands   don   t   function   well   and   holding   a   blow   dryer   up   to   dry   my   short   but   difficult   to   dry   hair   has   been   a   challenge   for   years .   i   finally   decided   to   shop   around   and   get   myself   one .   i   am   very   happy   with   the   diffusers   and   how   quickly   my   hair   dries   using   the   dryer ,   however   i   would   like   it   if   it   folded   for   travel .   that   doesn   t   detract   from   my   enjoyment   and   less   pain   in   my   hands   having   this   new   product   to   use .
love   it !   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   it   works   so   well   with   my   thick   hair .   i   recommend   this   hair   dryer   to   anyone   with   thick   hair .
t3   hair   dryer   not   the   best   hair   drier   i   ve   used   it   gets   hot   as   you   cornuie   to   use   it   but   i   wouldn   t   have   purchased   it   if   i   was   to   look   for   a   professional   hair   drier   that   can   bring   up   the   heat   because   this   doesn   t   really   do   that .
love   it   excellent   dryer !   very   powerful ,   love   it   so   much .   arrived   earlier   than   expected ,   and   works   like   a   salon   dryer .   im   so   relieved   because   i   had   gotten   previous   dryers   that   were   so   weak   and   kept   my   hair   wet .   this   one   dries   my   thick   hair   in   less   than   10   minutes
flames   shooting   beware   that   after   some   use   of   this   dryer ,   the   cord   loosens   at   its   connection   to   the   body   of   the   dryer .   if   you   lose   power   just   once   due   to   a   loose   cord   connection ,   stop   using   immediately .   i   didn   t .   i   wiggled   the   cord   and   it   started   blowing   hot   air   again .   the   next   event   was   flames   shooting   out   at   me   through   the   spot   where   the   cord   exits   the   body   of   the   hair   dryer .   it   is   not   only   very   scary   when   you   have   flames   shooting   at   your   face ,   hair ,   and   clothing ,   but   needless   to   say ,   very   dangerous .   br   br   when   this   dryer   works ,   it   is   great ,   but   this   is   not   the   only   review   reporting   fireworks   shooting   out   of   the   cord   connection .
not   bad   for   the   price   not   bad ,   does   a   good   job   but   feels   a   little   cheap .   description   says   full   size   dryer   but   could   have   a   little   more   power .   doesn   t   look   or   feel   like   a   real   expensive   hair   dryer ...   but   i   guess   you   can   t   really   expect   that   for   around   twenty   bucks .
great   this   is   really   a   great   hair   dryer .   i   love   the   cool   setting   after   drying   my   hair   with   the   heat .   would   not   trade   it   for   anything .
people   who   blame   this   dryer   on   damaging   hair   are   idiots .   i   have   been   a   stylist   for   over   10   years   now   and   was   also   a   auto   mechanic   too ,   so   i   do   have   knowledge   on   how   things   work .   people   blaming   the   dryer   on   damaging   their   wife   s   hair   are   idiots .   if   the   hair   was   breaking   off   its   due   to   her   stylist   over   processing   her   hair !   i   dryer   isn   t   going   to   break   hair ......... it   melts   burns   it   and   only   if   the   user   doesn   t   properly   know   how   to   use   it .   probably   why   the   husband   is   writing   the   review   cause   he   is   the   woman   in   the   relationship   since   the   woman   probably   has   no   clue   how   to   cook   since   you   can   t   keep   one   area   under   constant   heat   for   too   long   of   a   period .   br   br   no   for   a   real   review !   br   br   i   owned   the   origanl   version   of   the   dryer   by   paramount   velectra   the .   which   was   a   full   size   dryer   with   a   long   cord   and   worked   great   for   the   7   yrs   i   owned   it   till   it   was   stolen ...... i   guarantee   it   is   still   working .   br   br   so   3   years   ago   a   old   girlfriend   bought   the   sedu   version   since   many   of   the   top   educators   in   the   hair   industry   use   it   even   the   new   sam   villa   dryer   is   very   similar   .   it   may   be   heavy   for   some   people ,   but   it   is   well   balanced .   has   a   long   cord   like   the   old   the ,   controls   are   never   in   the   way .... so   it   not   changing   the   settings   in   the   middle   of   a   blow   dry   like   you   would   with   all   the   chi   s .   i   m   a   perfectionist   when   it   comes   to   blow   drying ......... haven   t   even   owned   a   flat   iron   in   the   last   5   years   since   most   my   clients   like   volume   and   movement .   the   sedu   gets   the   job   done   faster   than   any   dryer   on   the   market ...... makes   the   t3   look   like   a   helen   of   troy   dryer .   i   got   lucky   and   was   able   to   pick   up   the   tgr   4000i   same   dryer   from   a   beauty   supply   store   for   37 ........ these   dryers   were   once   priced   at   280   6   7   years   ago .   btw ....... i   finally   picked   up   a   flat   iron   this   week ........ ghd   is   the   only   way   to   go ........ i   used   to   own   a   chi   and   a   digital   chi   wet   to   dry   and   there   is   no   comparison .
it   works !   it   works   really   good   and   makes   my   hair   smooth ,   i   recommend   it !   my   hair   has   some   waves   and   it   makes   it   straight   and   doesn   t   smell   like   when   i   iron   it .
ladi   vs .   hairdryer   this   is   my   second   purchase   of   the   sunbeam   oster   wall   mounted   hair   dryer .   after   years   of   enjoying   the   wall   mount   in   hotels ,   i   decided   to   buy   one   for   my   bathroom   at   home .   best   thing   i   could   have   done .   when   my   first   one   gave   out ... had   to   have   another .   plus   convenient ,   easy   to   use ,   out   of   the   way   of   other   things ,   and   clean .   minus   lower   wattage   means   slower   drying .   would   not   like   it   for   long ,   thick   hair .   cord   could   stand   to   be   longer   to   stetch   just   a   bit   further .   really   like   this   product !
not   that   happy   about   this   dryer   i   wouldn   t   have   minded   paying   this   amount   for   the   dryer   but   it   s   really   not   good   for   travel   after   all .   it   s   much   too   large   and   heavy   for   tucking   into   a   carry   on   bag .   the   name   featherweight   is   a   bit   misleading   it   was   more   like   the   whole   chicken   plus   the   feathers ...   have   sent   it   back   to   amazon .
a   from   a   high   end   blow   dryer   user   i   m   a   woman   of   color   with   healthy   hydrated   curly   textured   hair .   it   is   essential   that   i   have   a   high   quality   blow   dryer   to   get   a   nice   smooth   blowout   without   frizz   and   no   damage .   i   didnt   expect   anything   from   this   13   dryer ,   but   figured   what   could   it   hurt   to   have   something   less   bulky   to   travel   with   to   the   beach   that   works   internationally .   i   used   it   at   home   a   few   times   and   i   am   impressed .   i   ve   spent   hundreds   of   dollars   on   t3 ,   chi   pro ,   superstar   and   they   all   work   great .   well ,   while   this   isnt   100   comparable ,   its   near   80   comparable .   fantastic   quality !   this   is   one   of   your   best   bets   for   a   good   quality ,   high   heat   non   damaging   air   flow   cheap   travel   blow   dryer   that   doesnt   cost   a   fortune .   i   will   say   that   my   hair   frizzed   up   much   easier   when   i   hit   the   dc   humidity   than   it   does   when   i   use   my   other   blow   dryers .   but   still ,   a   small ,   minor   complaint   given   that   it   is   less   than   20 ,   travels   well   without   taking   up   space ,   and   gets   a   decent   temperature   with   good   air   flow .
broke   after   4   months   of   use   i   really   like   this   blow   dryer   dried   very   quickly   and   felt   that   my   hair   was   healthier   than   with   my   old   blow   dryer   but   broke   after   4   months   of   use .
very   disappointing   i   purchased   the   yellowbird   in   september .   i   only   used   it   two   or   three   times   a   week ,   and   by   january   it   was   broken .   the   heating   element   died   and   now   it   only   blows   cold   air .   i   should   have   kept   the   cheap   hair   dryer   i   ve   had   since   high   school .   what   a   waste   of   money !
the   best !   i   used   one   of   these   at   the   marriot ,   and   i   loved   it   so   much   that   i   had   to   have   one !   love   the   power   that   it   has   and   the   folding   handle .
i   had   three   of   these .   they   averaged   about   6   months   each   or   42   3x13.99   for   18   months   of   use .   this   is   a   basic   somewhat   compact   blow   dryer   that   worked   well   in   the   beginning .   as   described   it   has   two   blower   speeds   and   two   heat   settings   and   that   s   it .   the   cord   is   a   decent   length   without   being   too   long   or   too   short .   if   anything   the   high   speed   blower   setting   might   be   too   fast ,   but   it   s   not   a   big   problem .   however ,   i   have   had   three   of   these   ,   so   read   the   updates .   update   1   after   3   months   the   first   one   is   still   blowing   and   going .   came   back   and   ordered   another .   nothing   but   good   things   to   say   about   this   little   hair   dryer .   update   2   june   17 ,   2013   the   first   of   two   dryers   i   bought   like   this   one   stopped   working   today .   it   lasted   about   10   months   before   the   off   on   switch   smoked   and   went   limp .   it   flops   back   and   forth   completely   useless .   not   as   much   of   a   bargain   as   i   thought   at   first .   but ,   i   am   ordering   another   and   writing   this   bad   switch   off   as   bad   luck .   my   3rd   one   is   on   the   way .   update   3   in   less   than   4   months   the   second   hair   dryer   quit .   that   is   2   of   the   three   we   own .   i   am   not   buying   a   fourth   one .   update   4   the   third   dryer   has   quit .   not   one   of   the   three   lasted   more   than   10   months .   it   is   not   worth   the   hassle   to   return   these   cheap   hair   dryers .   the   cost   of   shipping   both   ways   is   more   than   buying   a   new   one .   three   hairdryers   in   just   over   a   year   all   bought   here   on   amazon .   the   one   i   used   the   longest   lasted   10   months .   andis   is   not   a   quality   hair   dryer   in   fact   to   me   it   is   the   definition   of   34   too   cheap   to   be   true   34   junk .
decent   price   for   decent   amount   of   use   i   have   purchased   two   of   these   dryers   within   the   last   ten   years ,   and   they   worked   well   75   during   that   time .   my   hair   is   thick   and   slightly   wavy ,   and   it   took   fifteen   minutes   start   to   finish   with   a   rounded   air   vent   brush .   the   buttons   moved   easily ,   and   the   dryer   s   handle   was   comfortable   to   grip .   br   br   the   demise   of   these   dryers   was   pretty   much   the   same   fire   the   first   time ,   sparks   the   second ,   which   sounds   pretty   common   considering   the   reviews   on   here .   also ,   the   medium   heat   setting   was   a   bit   too   hot ,   and   it   sucked   in   too   much   hair ,   requiring   me   once   to   disassemble   the   unit   for   removal .   i   considered   buying   a   third ,   but   having   generated   sparks   with   the   last   two ,   i   opted   to   purchase   a   different   brand .   overall ,   if   you   don   t   mind   the   potential   electrical   danger ,   it   s   a   decent   dryer   for   the   price .
not   happy   with   this   dryer   the   biggest   complaint   i   have   about   this   dryer   is   that   the   buttons   which   are   very   sensitive   are   located   exactly   where   your   fingers   go   in   order   to   hold   it   so   i   am   constantly   hitting   them   by   mistake .   to   try   to   avoid   that   makes   you   hold   the   dryer   in   a   very   awkward   manner .   you   would   think   they   would   notice   when   testing .   it   is   also   heavy   and   bulky .   i   did   not   notice   any   additional   shine   to   my   hair .   the   low   setting   is   really   cool   and   the   hot   is   not   very   hot .   takes   a   lot   longer   to   dry   my   very   short   hair .   the   only   thing   i   did   like   was   the   hanging   hoop .   if   i   hadn   t   purchased   it   a   long   time   ago   as   a   back   up   dryer   i   would   return   it .
what   else   is   needed   other   reviews   indicate   the   advertising   was   in   error   as   the   unit   did   not   include   acool   slection .   the   one   we   received   did   have   this .   the   unit   is   extremely   light   and   gets   the   job   done .
love   it !   amazon   rocks !   i   m   not   sure   if   this   hair   dryer   actually   dries   my   hair   any   faster   but ,   it   sure   makes   it   shinier .   i   also   love   the   shape   placement   of   the   cool   button   which   i   use   to   set   the   volume .
love   it !   great   deal !   i   also   found   this   dryer   at   a   hotel .   loved   how   quickly   it   dried   my   very   thick   hair !   was   even   happier   when   i   found   out   how   inexpensive   it   is !
great   dryer ,   but   nozzle   melting   this   item   was   a   great   price   and   i   was   very   happy   with   it   for   the   first   few   uses .   it   dries   my   hair   in   half   the   time   that   i   was   spending   with   a   drugstore   brand .   unfortunately ,   the   tip   of   the   nozzle   is   melting .   it   may   be   because   it   s   made   out   of   lightweight   plastic .   real   bummer   as   i   was   so   thrilled   with   its   performance .
the   best   best   hair   dryer   i   ve   ever   had .   my   first   one   lasted   12   to   15   years   of   daily   use ,   lost   count   of   how   old   it   was .   my   guess   that   it   died   at   age   110   in   hair   dyer   years .
good   while   it   lasts   i   have   owned   two   of   these .   this   dryer   is   the   best   blow   dryer   i   have   ever   had ,   but   it   lasts   just   about   a   year   of   gentle   home   use .   same   results   with   both   dryers .   for   this   price   would   expect   it   to   last   much ,   much   longer .   i   would   not   call   it   professional   quality .
love   this   dryer   i   bought   this   dryer   after   trying   it   at   a   hotel   we   stayed   at .   love   the   way   it   folds   up   and   is   easy   to   transport   and   store .   great   product   at   a   great   price
revelon   1875   ion   hair   dryer   i   love   this   hair   dryer !   my   first   one   finally   died   and   i   ordered   the   very   same   one   because   it   performed   so   well   and   lasted   so   long .   i   highly   recommend   it .
revlon   rv408   1875   watt   full   size   turbo   dryer ,   black   love   this   hair   dryer .   the   different   speeds   are   great   and   drys   fast   got   it   fast   in   the   mail   love   that .
love   this   dryer   and   price   is   unbelievable   ! !   i   just   love   my   new   conair   hair   dryer !   very   sturdy   feeling   and   the   buttons   controls   work   smoothly   much   better   hair   dryer   than   my   revlon   1875   which   was   awkward   and   cheaply   constructed .   i   have   always   preferred   the   conair   ion   shine   and   am   glad   to   have   a   new   conair   at   a   pricetag   of   13   br   motor   does   seem   quieter   than   my   other   hair   dryers   and   the   cool   shot   button   is   an   added   bonus .   br   might   just   have   to   get   another   at   this   price .  
great   little   hairdryer ....   a   little   powerhouse ,   that   stores   its   own   cord ,   fits   nicely   in   a   drawer ,   and ,   so   far ,   reliable .   i   used   this   model   at   the   four   seasons   santa   barbara ,   and   was   able   to   locate   it   on   amazon .   i   ordered   one   for   each   of   my   bathrooms !
i   like   it   but   i   like   it   but   the   other   reviewers   that   said   that   it   stops   retracting   were   right .   but   it   s   powerful   and   i   like   that   it   folds   in   half .   so   now   i   just   wrap   the   cord   around   it .   but   i   wish   it   still   retracted .  
favorite   hair   dryer   i   ve   had   this   for   a   while   now   and   it   is   still   working   perfectly .   dries   my   hair   quickly   and   doesn   t   leave   it   as   frizzy   when   i   use   it   with   the   included   extension .   the   different   heat   settings   are   great   too   i   like   having   a   cool   option   instead   of   just   a   cool   button .
if   you   are   looking   for   a   hairdryer ,   then   great .   a   hair   styler   not   so   great .   as   a   hair   dryer   this   is   a   good   product ,   it   has   plenty   of   oomph   it   is   not   too   loud ,   it   looks   good .   br   but   if   you   bought   it   like   i   did ,   for   styling   your   hair ,   using   the   attachments   that   came   with   it ,   you   will   be   disappointed .   br   the   boars   hair   bristle   brush   is   the   only   useful   attachment   out   of   the   3   that   come   with   it .   the   other   two   have   barely   any   room   between   the   bristles ,   and   so   unless   you   have   extremely   short   hair ,   you   are   not   going   to   be   able   to   run   it   through   your   hair .   so   you   are   left   with   the   boars   hair   brush .   but   that   too ,   is   pretty   much   useless ,   because   the   bristles   are   really   long ,   and   really   weak ,   they   don   t   get   into   your   hair   at   all ,   rather   they   just   skim   over   the   top   of   it .   after   one   use ,   those   boar   bristles   were   leaning   every   which   way   but   straight ,   so   the   brush   was   effectively   ruined   after   one   use .   br   i   got   a   refund   on   it .
do   not   use ! ! !   horrible   customer   service !   sent   the   wrong   part   and   won   t   send   a   replacement ! ! !   i   am   a   hair   stylist   and   i   am   about   to   open   my   own   salon .   there   is   a   lot   of   stress   involved   in   opening   your   own   business   but   receiving   the   correct   product   should   not   be   one   of   them .   i   did   my   research   and   ordered   through   amazon   because   noone   had   ever   let   me   down   when   ordering   through   them .   until   now .   i   ordered   a   portable   hair   dryer   and   waited   patiently   for   it   to   be   delivered .   when   i   received   it ,   i   opened   the   box   and   began   putting   it   together .   one   of   the   pieces   did   not   fit   so   i   just   thought   that   maybe   i   was   doing   it   wrong .   after   myself ,   my   landlord ,   and   a   maintenance   man   tried   to   put   it   together ,   we   all   agreed   that   the   wrong   part   was   delivered   and   that   i   should   call   customer   service   to   ask   for   a   replacement .   after   one   email   and   two   phone   messages ,   i   received   a   phone   call   back   only   to   tell   me   that   the   manager   said   that   the   piece   does   fit   and   to   try   harder .   what   ! !   i   tried   so   hard   that   i   gashed   my   finger !   the   customer   service   agent   was   very   nice   but   had   to   relay   this   message   to   me   from   the   manager .   so   my   question   is ... how   in   the   world   do   you   know   if   this   piece   actually   fits   !   is   it   possible   that   i   received   a   faulty   part   so   now   my   only   two   choices   are   to   go   back   and   try   to   fit   this   piece   in   and   possible   hurt   myself   worse   it   s   a   metal   pole   by   the   way   or   send   it   back .   do   not   waste   your   time   with   this   company .   so   now   i   am   back   to   the   start   and   my   salon   opens   in   less   than   three   weeks .   thank   you ,   mix   wholesale ,   for   wasting   my   time .
a   must   have   everyone   should   own   this   hair   dryer .   throws   out   a   lot   of   heat ,   works   very   well   with   afro   american   hair .   the   comb   is   very   strudy .   only   complaint   it   is   somewhat   heavier   than   what   i   expected .
good   buy   this   hairdryer   was   a   good   buy .   i   sent   it   to   my   sister   and   niece .   they   both   have   long ,   thick ,   curly   hair   and   find   the   dryer   strong   enough   to   do   the   job   comfortably .   they   tell   me   it   was   a   good   buy   and   they   find   it   strong   and   a   good   performer .
powerful   dryer !   i   love   the   yellowbird !   i   have   very   long   hair   and   it   holds   up   to   drying   my   hair ,   as   other   dryers   wind   up   overheating   before   my   hair   is   dry .   not   this   one .   it   is   powerful ,   unlike   many   other   dryers ,   and   i   love   the   cool   setting   that   is   continuous   instead   of   being   a   cool   shot .   i   would   reccomend   this   dryer   for   anyone   with   thick ,   long   hair .
i   m   buying   another   this   hairdryer   has   all   the   features   i   want   retractable   cord ,   powerful ,   folds   up ,   cool   botton   and   attractive .   i   bought   mine   over   5   years   ago   and   used   it   every   other   day ,   and   the   cord   and   casing   all   are   in   excellent   condition   still ,   but   the   motor   just   died .   i   think   over   5   years   is   a   reasonable   time ,   so   i   m   bying   the   same   one   again .
blow   me   away   i   ve   had   my   blo   and   go   for   a   month   now ,   after   a   recent   accident   left   me   severely   handicapped   this   little   item   has   saved   my   life   when   it   comes   to   getting   my   hair   dried .   can   t   recommend   this   enough   whether   you   got   one   or   both   hands   you   just   won   t   believe   how   much   help   this   is .
dryer   has   many   uses   this   dryer   is   constructed   to   be   a   first   class   item .   works   very   well   for   many   uses ,   we   used   it   to   remove   vinyl   letters   from   our   trailer .   did   a   great   job .
disappointed   have   owned   this   hairdryer   for   less   than   six   months ,   and   it   has   already   ceased   to   work .   very ,   very   disappointed   because   i   like   the   style   and   the   size   of   the   unit .   it   just   stopped   working   wasted   my   money !
disappointed   in   amazon   i   can   t   believe   you   would   send   me   an   appliance   that   uses   110v .   i   cannot   use   this   hairdryer   as   i   cannot   plug   it   in .   australia   has   240v .   do   you   have   an   adaptor   that   converts   240v   to110v  
piece   of   junk .   i   thought   this   hair   dryer   would   be   great   for   traveling   because   it   folds   and   has   the   retractable   cord .   first   hotel   i   plugged   it   in ,   the   power   in   our   room   went   out .   second   hotel ,   same   thing .   i   didn   t   use   it   the   rest   of   our   trip .   i   tried   it   again   when   we   got   home .   as   soon   as   i   tried   to   plug   it   in   it   sparked .   in   the   trash   it   went .   big   waste   of   money ,
space   saver   this   dryer   works   great   and   saves   space .   i   have   one   at   our   home   and   at   our   lake   house .   i   love   the   night   lite   it   has .   its   easy   to   hang   on   the   wall   and   looks   nice   too .
