do   not   recommend   it .   go   use   your   money   for   something   more   ...   3   of   the   buttons   stopped   working   after   a   month   of   using   it .   it   was   used   twice   a   day .   do   not   recommend   it .   go   use   your   money   for   something   more   durable .   oh   and   also   big   plates   do   not   fit   in   it .
looks   as   good   as   the   picture   didn   t   use   it   long   so   i   can   t   attest   to   that   but   for   the   price   it   is   extremely   good   looking   and   feels   like   a   quality   build .   just   know   it   s   small   you   will   not   be   nuking   turkeys   in   this   and   it   s   not   super   high   wattage   so   it   may   take   a   bit   longer .   so   if   you   must   have   your   canned   soup   in   2   1   2   minutes   and   not   3   then   this   won   t   work .
four   stars   very   nice   microwave ,   great   price
quiet   quiet ,   but   does   not   seem   like   1000   watt   power .
four   stars   it   s   bigger   than   i   thought .
great   microwave   really   love   this   microwave .   has   the   one   touch   settings   that   i   wanted   along   with   the   30   seconds   button .   its   a   great   size   for   a   countertop .   it   can   be   a   little   noisy   when   it   beeps   as   others   have   said .
stopped   working   after   2   years   we   bought   this   microwave   2   years   ago   as   part   of   a   home   remodel .   it   was   great   while   it   worked   but   recently   stopped   working .   sharp   warranty   is   only   1   year .   for   the   amount   of   money   we   spent   on   this   i   would   expect   it   to   last   more   than   2   years .
was   pleased   with   the   packaging   and   easy   instructions   to   set   it   ...   was   pleased   with   the   packaging   and   easy   instructions   to   set   it   up .   worth   55   and   that   it   was   prime   34   order .
great   value   for   the   money .   neat   little   unit .   i   have   no   complaints .
it   had   great   reviews   when   we   ordered   it   the   finish   is   nice   and   matches   our   stainless   steel   black   wall   oven   nicely .   however ,   the   button   to   open   the   door   no   longer   opens   on   the   first   try   or   needs   some   help .   and   occasionally   something   internal   to   the   microwave   makes   a   noise   when   the   tray   is   rotating .
great   little   microwave !   excellent   small   microwave !   i   recently   moved   to   an   apartment   which   did   not   have   a   built   in   microwave ,   but   also   a   kitchen   that   wasn   t   that   big .   this   microwave   was   perfect   for   it .   its   footprint   is   small ,   however   it   packs   a   punch .   all   my   plates   fit   it   and   cooks   everything   evenly .   the   only   downside   is   that   when   opening   or   closing   the   door ,   the   whole   microwave   sometimes   may   move   as   it   s   not   the   heaviest   out   there ,   but   i   m   not   going   to   fault   it   for   that ,   i   just   simply   put   my   other   hand   on   top   of   it   while   opening   closing .
four   stars   works   really   well
five   stars   love   this   microwave !   gives   me   more   space   in   my   kitchen .   .. only   con   is   the   price .
i   never   used   this   for   my   wife   insisted   we   buy   ...   i   never   used   this   for   my   wife   insisted   we   buy   a   new   microwave   after   i   bought   this .   i   did   contact   ge   and   they   gave   me   a   20   credit   and   said   not   to   worry   about   paint   peeling   off .   tell   that   to   your   wife !   that   was   ok   because   i   read   some   reviews   which   made   it   sound   alittle   difficult   to   use .
this   device   needs   to   be   recalled ,   deaths   are   going   to   occur .   we   are   currently   on   the   third   microwave   from   lg .   the   first   microwave   failed   after   2   weeks .   it   took   2   weeks   for   lg   to   get   us   a   new   microwave .   the   next   microwave   lasted   11   months .   it   went   out   on   thanksgiving ,   we   bought   a   69.00   off   brand   microwave ,   it   has   worked   perfectly   for   last   18   months .   the   lg   failed   again   after   18   months .   lowes   and   home   depot   should   replace   microwave .   reading   the   blog ,   i   have   never   had   a   brand   of   microwave   failed   this   often .   i   am   going   to   take   lg   to   court .   they   have   to   know   there   is   a   major   problem ,   if   so   many   failures ,   yet   they   continued   producing   this   worthless   piece   of   junk .   this   appears   to   be   another   bean   counter   situation ,   cheaper   to   give   new   machine   and   fix   damage ,   than   recall   product .
...   for   about   a   week   and   so   far   it   s   been   great   the   microwaving   powder   is   quite   strong   had   this   for   about   a   week   and   so   far   it   s   been   great   the   microwaving   powder   is   quite   strong   but   the   grill   plate   is   too   high   for   some   bulkier   food ,   that   would   be   my   only   complain .
i   only   got   to   use   the   grill   feature   once   and   it   was   fun .   the   microwave   turntable   and   light   would   come   by   itself   and   sometimes   when   you   closed   the   door .   at   first   we   were   able   to   cook   with   the   microwave   but   eventually   it   got   to   where   i   couldn   t   get   it   to   cook   no   matter   what   we   tried   such   as   unplugging   it   and   it   would   sit   there   rotating   but   not   heating .   so   sadly   we   had   to   send   it   back .   i   only   got   to   use   the   grill   feature   once   and   it   was   fun .
this   is   a   funny   story .   this   is   a   funny   story .... years   ago   my   husband   found   one   of   these   cube   microwaves   at   a   garage   sale   for   25.00 !   it   was   perfect   for   our   daughter   as   she   has   an   extremely   small   kitchen   with   very   little   counter   space   etc .   recently   i   moved   to   a   older   home ,   new   home   to   me   with   lots   of   charm   and   very   little   counter   space .   no   room   for   an   over   the   range   microwave .   my   new   little   whirlpool   cube   fits   perfectly   into   the   corner   space   of   my   new   little   kitchen !   love   it ,   love   it ,   love   it .... however   25.00   would   have   been   an   easier   price   on   the   pocket   book !   lol
love   to   nuke   good   price ,   has   continued   to   work   very   well   since   december   2014   8   months   .   my   only   recent   complaint   is   that   the   glass   carousel   no   longer   seems   to   fit   tightly   over   the   plastic   gear   in   the   center .   it   therefore   makes   a   rattling   sound   as   the   gear   turns .   i   don   t   see   what   could   cause   the   loose   fit .   nevertheless ,   the   carousel   does   turn ,   just   not   very   quietly .   br   br   otherwise ,   great   buy .   it   is   still   easy   to   clean .   i   love   using   the   1 ,   2   and   3   settings   for   one   touch   cooking   times   of   1 ,   2   or   3   minutes .   i   really   like   being   able   to   turn   the   microwave   on   for   30   seconds   by   simply   touching   34   start   34   one   time .   some   people   have   complained   that   the   door   is   hard   to   open   so   that   when   the   large   34   open   34   button   is   pushed ,   the   entire   microwave   moves ,   but   i   have   not   had   that   experience .   i   seldom   use   the   programmed   settings   for   vegetables ,   popcorn ,   potato ,   etc .   i   had   a   bad   experience   burning   a   minibag   of   popcorn   the   microwave   didn   t   sense   a   need   to   stop   cooking .   however ,   it   s   fine   for   baking   a   potato .   br   br   i   do   not   understand   the   benefit   of   the   rather   extreme   concave   back   to   the   interior ,   which   contributes   to   the   1.4   cu   ft   interior   volume .   but   the   size   is   right   for   me   regardless .   certainly   this   was   the   best   buy   on   amazon   for   my   purposes .
this   is   a   great   product .   the   size   is   perfect   and   it   works   ...   although   it   slides   when   you   open   the   door ,   this   is   a   great   product .   the   size   is   perfect   and   it   works   great .   br   br   because   of   how   my   kitchen   is   designed ,   i   cant   push   my   microwave   against   the   wall .   if   you   can ,   then   your   microwave   will   not   slide .
four   stars   solid   microwave   for   a   good   price .
no   timer   this   microwave   has   every   button   in   the   world   except   a   simple   timer .   we   used   our   microwave   timer   for   everything .   it   s   so   stupid   that   a   microwave   this   expensive   doesn   t   include   a   basic   kitchen   timer .
timely   delivery ,   good   product .   prompt   delivery ,   my   microwave   is   back   up   and   running .
five   stars   very   attractive   and   useful   mircorwave
whirlpool   wmc20005yw   0.5   cubic   ft .   microwave   white   although   only   . 5   it   holds   a   nice   size   dish .   i   love   that   the   controls   are   at   the   bottom .   counter   space   is   limited   so   this   is   peer .   would   be   great   in   a   dorm   room   too
danby   1.1   cuft   microwave   good   unit   unit   is   lighter   than   expected .   cooks   as   expected .   door   latch   is   hard   to   push ,   but   not   hard   enough   to   move   unit   while   opening .   light   comes   on   as   unit   runs ,   not   as   door   opens .   buttons   are   convenient   for   cooking ,   but   read   directions ,   some   difference   to   set   power   levels ,   than   other   microwaves   i   have   owned .   went   with   this   unit ,   due   to   reviews ,   size   and   price .
five   stars   extremly   satisfied
worked   well   on   sharp   carousel   ii   worked   well   on   an   old   sharp   carousel   ii   microwave .   1   can   was   enough   for   2   coats .   first   make   sure   you   sand   down   and   prime   any   rust   spots   so   they   won   t   show   through .
great   purchase .   the   microwave   does   the   job   and   was   ...   great   purchase .   the   microwave   does   the   job   and   was   a   great   price .
five   stars   excellent   results
five   stars   works   great ,   product   was   as   describer   and   delivered   promptly   and   on   time .
truckers   mucrowave   perfect   for   semi   truck   at   750   watts   can   run   on1000   watt   inverter
gap   on   the   top   right   i   just   received   mine   and ,   when   it   s   running ,   you   can   see   the   interior   light   shinning   through   a   gap   on   the   top   corner .   not   sure   if   this   is   normal   or   safe ,   so   i   ve   submitted   a   question   about   it .   for   now ,   i   ll   give   it   a   3   star   review   for   looks   and   the   slightly   annoying   bang !   the   door   makes   when   it   closes ,   pending   any   heating   and   an   answer   to   my   question .   i   ll   update   then .   i   m   attaching   pictures   of   the   gap .   br   br   update   9   26   2015   well ,   the   gap   doesn   t   seem   to   be   a   normal   feature ,   but   it   doesn   t   seem   to   affect   the   operation   of   the   microwave   oven   in   any   way .   i   mostly   use   it   for   heating   up   leftovers   and   it   works   great   for   that   purpose ,   have   not   tried   it   for   any   serious   cooking .   the   loud   door   is   far   more   tolerable   now   after   a   few   uses ,   barely   noticeable .   updating   my   review   to   4   stars ,   won   t   do   five   only   because   of   that   gap .
five   stars   works   well   with   proper   preparation .
i   m   an   idiot   i   am   giving   three   3   stars   because   i   have   to .   in   order   to   get   this   message   on   to   the   page   i   must   rate   the   product   well ,   this   is   a   first   and   more   than   likely ,   my   last   attempt   to   rate   a   product   before   receiving   it   i   have   the   older   sharp   model   r   410lw .   it   is   no   longer   if   ever   listed   on   sharps   pages   for   repair   oem   well ,   i   am   guessing   and   ordering   this   34   rmotda252wrzz   34   ...   ... however ,   my   burned   up   sharp   motor   is   34   rmotda264wrzz   34   but   i   m   thinking   that   the   rpm   3   three ...   is   the   same ...   60hz ...   is   the   same ... 120   v ... is   the   same ... 2w ... is   the   same ... so ,   i   ll   maybe   be   losing   money   on   this   part   but   the   same   one   is   36.00   wish   me   stupid ... i   know !
but   it   fits   where   we   wanted   it   just   perfect   and   we   like   the   looks   we   ordered   it   for   a   boat   that   we   are   rebuilding   not   real   sure   how   its   going   to   work   yet .   but   it   fits   where   we   wanted   it   just   perfect   and   we   like   the   looks .   that   is   about   all   i   can   tell   you   at   the   present   time .   terry
five   stars   good
it   s   pretty   powerful .   it   looks   as   if   there   are   many   ...   needed   one   in   a   hurry   and   my   teen   bought   this .   it   s   pretty   powerful .   it   looks   as   if   there   are   many   brands   that   are   actually   this   same   machine .
what   a   great   unit !   took   some   fiddling   to   install   but   the   ...   what   a   great   unit !   took   some   fiddling   to   install   but   the   unit   itself   is   really   very   nice .
the   fabuous   whirlpool   mini !   i   had   found   a   small   blue   cube   micro   wave   some   years   ago .   after   16   years   of   service   it   finally   wore   out .   i   love   the   cube   shape   and   took   a   risk   on   ordering   this   little   gem .   i   couldn   t   be   happier .   it   is   the   great   same   size ,   the   outside   is   fabulous   and   it   has   more   power   than   the   last   microwave .   would   not   hesitate   to   purchase   this   again !   totally   worth   the   price .
five   stars   love   lg   products .   got   product   in   a   timely   manner .
nothing   special ,   but   fits   the   bill .   works   well   enough   for   my   purposes .   just   the   right   size .   i   dig   the   1   touch   feature   for   30   seconds   start   and   minutes   number   buttons   .   it   s   also   good   that   it   has   the   removable   glass   rotator   thingy .   what   brings   the   star   count   down   are   the   button   sizes   themselves   super   tiny ,   and   the   handle .   while   this   microwave   is   nice   and   light   and   the   door   seals   well ,   that   doesn   t   make   for   a   good   combination   for   opening   the   door .   so   i   have   to   hold   one   side   to   apply   opposite   pressure   to   open   the   door .   i   think   this   could   be   solved   with   some   super   rubber   feet ,   but   i   shouldn   t   have   to   add   them   myself .
received   defected   item   came   in   brand   new   package   but   item   doesn   t   work   at   all .
but   it   heats   quickly   and   is   very   easy   to   clean   you   can   t   use   the   34   cook   34   feature   with   a   timer   going   on   the   machine ,   but   it   heats   quickly   and   is   very   easy   to   clean .
five   stars   got   it   sooner   thank   you
this   has   been   a   good   microwave   for   us   this   has   been   a   good   microwave   for   us .   sure   the   paint   has   peeled   inside ,   but   for   us   it   was   only   after   2   3   years .   i   just   scraped   it   off   it   is   not   needed   for   cooking .   the   thing   that   we   really   like   is   that   the   styling   on   the   front   completely   matches   our   jenn   aire   stove   right   below   it .   cooking   wise ,   it   has   been   fine ,   and   heavily   used   for   many   years .   it   is   now   reaching   end   of   life ,   and   i   am   struggling   to   find   a   replacement   that   fits   the   space   and   matches   the   stove .
it   looks   like   it   is   cooking   but   the   water   is   at   room   ...   it   came   slightly   damaged   but   main   problem   is   that   it   does   not   heat   at   all   in   any   functions .   i   have   tried   to   heat   a   cup   of   water   with   microwave   express ,   it   looks   like   it   is   cooking   but   the   water   is   at   room   temperature   after   30   seconds .   then   i   have   tried   all   the   functions   and   none   of   them   work .   the   surface   light   and   the   vent   fan   works   fine .   i   really   should   try   it   before   i   install   it .   now   i   have   all   the   trouble   to   remove   it   and   install   another   one .   br   br   i   order   it   from   amazon   and   contacted   both   the   seller   home   care   company .   since   it   is   saturday   so   i   will   have   to   wait   up   to   two   working   days   to   to   get   a   respond   from   home   care   company .   i   am   not   sure   what   will   happen   but   i   am   not   recommend   to   buy   this   product   or   buy   it   online .
so   far   so   good !   3yrs   and   counting .   so   far   so   good !
easy   install .   looks   great .   works   great .   lighter   than   the   ge   one   it   replaced .   easy ,   simple   to   use   touchpad .   installation   was   easy   and   i   am   not   the   best   when   it   comes   to   installation   of   appliances .   i   usually   pay   someone   but   the   previous   reviews   indicated   it   was   simple   and   they   were   right .   you   just   need   2   people   when   you   are   ready   to   lift   it   up   and   hang   it   in   place .
great   microwave ,   i   would   purchase   again .   install   was   really   easy ,   and   the   microwave   looks   and   works   great .   the   buttons   are   really   touch   sensitive   and   it   seems   to   clean   very   easily .
amazon   reviews   were   misleading .   one   of   my   worst   amazon   purchases .   i   hate   this   microwave   and   deeply   regret   purchasing   it .   it   is   giant   and   heavy ,   sits   crooked   on   a   flat   surface ,   and   heats   food   unevenly !   you   can   get   way   better   for   less   money ! ! ! ! !   shocked ,   because   usually   amazon   reviews   are   so   spot   on .
five   stars   just   installed   it   that   part   was   easy
pretty   good   so   far .   .   .   after   having   read   reviews   for   more   expensive   upmarket   brand   microwaves   like   lg   and   panasonic ,   we   went   to   our   local   canadian   wal   mart   to   see   what   they   had .   br   br   the   first   thing   i   noticed   about   this   one   is   that   it   is   completely   stainless   steel   front   and   back   outside   and   inside   all   around .   it   looks   like   a   professional   food   service   microwave .   to   me ,   the   stainless   steel   interior   is   easier   to   clean   than   a   white   painted   one .   br   br   we   have   heard   that   microwave   ovens   don   t   last   like   they   used   to   we   have   one   low   quality   unbranded   otr   one   in   a   mobile   home   at   the   moment   which   was   new   in   1995   still   working   as   well   as   it   ever   did ,   and   another   lg   900   watt   in   an   rv   from   2004 ,   also   a   good   runner   at   this   writing ,   july   2013   .   br   br   we   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   lot   of   money   if   the   microwave   was   only   going   to   last   a   couple   of   years .   well ,   with   this   danby ,   we   have   a   two   year   replacement   warranty .   if   it   dies   before   its   time ,   we   either   get   a   new   one   or   a   refund   of   the   money   we   spent   on   this   one .   fair   enough ,   i   thou ...   read   more
i   couldn   t   enjoy   our   travels   in   our   rv   if   i   didn   t   have   ...   i   couldn   t   enjoy   our   travels   in   our   rv   if   i   didn   t   have   my   sharp   convection   microwave   oven .   i   just   love   it   !
won   t   be   buying   bosch   again ...   i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   10   months ,   and   already   the   handle   broke   apparently   like   everyone   else   s   .   dealing   with   the   bosch   customer   service   group   has   been   horrible ... required   like   8   phone   calls   to   get   a   replacement   part   ordered   under   warranty ,   and   then   they   wanted   99   for   a   tech   to   install   it .   i   finally   convinced   them   to   just   send   me   the   part   for   free   so   i   could   install   it   myself .   after   removing   the   plastic   trim   from   the   inside ,   discovered   that   the   screw   holding   the   top   part   of   the   handle   is   behind   a   metal   piece   that   seemed   impossible   to   remove .   i   just   drilled   through   the   metal   and   was   able   to   get   it   done .   whew !
excellent   microwave   does   the   job !   excellent   product   does   the   job .   i   have   one   in   my   home ,   and   when   an   older   over   the   stove   unit   failed   in   a   rental ,   i   immediately   ordered   another .   a   few   things   are   tricky   in   the   install ,   but   were   easily   and   quickly   resolved .   tenants   happy ,   i   m   happy .   in   this   case ,   the   older   unit   had   limited   functionality ,   the   whirlpool   has   several   features   new   to   them   that   are   real   benefits .
five   stars   love   it !
great   drawer   microwave   we   really   like   the   look   of   this   microwave .   we   used   the   same   model   in   our   last   home   and   liked   it   and   just   had   a   new   home   built   and   chose   to   have   the   same   model   installed   in   our   new   kitchen .   we   have   never   had   any   issues   with   it .   it   is   classy   looking ,   large   enough   for   a   casserole   dish ,   and   heats   well .
microwave   worked   fine   when   i   bought   back   in   march   15   microwave   worked   fine   when   i   bought   back   in   march   15   then   a   few   days   ago   it   would   not   turn   on .   will   not   buy   danby   microwaves   again .
to   the   point   where   it   s   annoying .   if   i   had   known   this   before   i   purchased   ...   when   you   close   the   door ,   it   is   very   loud ,   to   the   point   where   it   s   annoying .   if   i   had   known   this   before   i   purchased   it ,   i   would   have   bought   a   more   expensive   one   to   not   deal   with   the   noise   every   time   it   closes .   the   plastic   covering   the   buttons   is   already   ripping ,   had   it   for   less   than   a   year .   other   than   that ,   it   works   fine .
still   in   the   box   purchased   this   for   college   student   and   it   has   not   been   used   yet .   still   in   the   original   box .   looks   nice ,   however .
five   stars   awesome !
but   it   is   a   little   slow   and   worse   of   all   it   has   no   way   to   quickly   add   ...   microwave   and   reheat   function   works   well ,   but   it   is   a   little   slow   and   worse   of   all   it   has   no   way   to   quickly   add   30   seconds   or   a   minute .   you   must   always   either   select   a   mode   or   manually   enter   the   cook   time   before   starting .
five   stars   very   good   item
love   it !   i   was   reluctant   to   get   a   microwave   because   of   limited   counter   space   that   i   have   in   my   tiny   apartment ,   so   i   talked   myself   out   of   not   needing   a   microwave .   but   then   i   realize   how   convenient   it   is   to   have   one   and   found   this   one   that   s   just   the   right   size ,   that   s   when   i   knew   i   had   to   get   it .   but   don   t   let   its   size   fool   you ... it   can   fit   a   full   sized   dinner   plate .   five   star   for   sleek   design   and   function .   love   it !
great   price ,   great   microwave   the   microwave   does   what   it   s   supposed   to   do   and   is   easy   to   use .   i   like   the   express   settings   so   when   you   press   any   single   digit   it   automatically   puts   in   that   amount   of   minutes .   it   is   great   for   urban   kitchen   needs .   for   smaller   kitchens ,   doesn   t   take   up   too   much   space   or   for   bringing   up   flights   of   stairs   it   is   nice   and   light .   really   compact ,   heats   up   food   well .   great   for   the   price .
very   good   but   smelly   our   microwave   was   working   fine ,   but   had   a   number   of   rusty   spots .   i   cleaned   the   inside   really   well   and   sanded   the   spots   to   bare   metal .   there   was   enough   paint   in   the   can   to   cover   the   spots   as   well   as   put   a   light   layer   on   the   remainder   of   the   interior .   i . e .   to   give   a   uniform   color   appearance .   the   only   issue   is   that   it   took   a   week   for   it   to   air   out .   you   could   still   smell   it   a   couple   of   weeks   later .   but   eventually   it   went   away .   overall ,   i   m   happy .   the   10   yr   microwave   continues   to   work   well   and   now   it   looks   nice   again   too .
a   real   beauty !   what   a   beautiful   micro .   i   love   it .   works   great .
very   satisfied   for   the   low   price ,   it   works   very   well .   compact   and   nice   looking .
excellent !   excellent !   i   love   the   shape   and   size ,   perfect   for   a   small   kitchen
better   than   expected !   had   not   heard   of   this   brand .   was   a   little   unsure   about   purchasing .   really   nice   looking   and   very   quiet !   great   value !
whirlpool   has   turned   into   garbage   after   only   two   years   of   owning   this   microwave   it   started   arcing   when   started .   i   looked   into   replacing   the   hv   diode   and   the   hv   capacitor   but   those   parts   were   damaged   because   the   magnetron   went   bad .   it   was   cheaper   to   replace   the   whole   microwave   than   order   parts   and   fix   myself .   truly   disappointed   in   whirlpool   and   their   products .   the   matching   whirlpool   gold   french   door   fridge   we   bought   at   the   same   time   just   had   almost   1 , 000   worth   of   repairs .   after   only   two   years ! ! !   these   are   cheaply   made   disposable   pieces   of   garbage .
five   stars   very   good
five   stars   this   is   the   best ,   most   efficient   little   microwave   we   have   ever   had .
five   stars   easily   installed   it   is   both   attractive   and   operates   easily
this   is   the   perfect   size   for   the   space   we   have   and   i   think   ...   this   is   the   perfect   size   for   the   space   we   have   and   i   think   it   s   the   only   one   that   will   fit !   and   good   quality .
not   very   happy   with   the   new   design   i   had   the   older   version   2083st   and   it   stopped   working   so   i   replaced   it   with   this   microwave   has   identical   size   and   older   model   does   not   exist .   br   br   two   aspects   were   problematic   from   the   prior   model   one   of   the   mounting   screws   was   located   in   the   wrong   position ,   thankfully   the   wall   bracket   and   one   of   the   screws   aligned   perfectly .   so   had   to   drill   one   more   screw .   however ,   the   two   screws   are   not   symmetrical   i .. e   the   distance   from   the   sides   of   the   microwave   are   different .   this   is   bad   engineering ,   as   the   center   of   gravity   is   not   the   center .   br   second ,   the   interior   is   grey ,   so   we   cannot   be   see   the   food   cooking .   moreover ,   the   bottom   of   the   outside   panel   is   tinted   or   black   so   unless   you   are   6   ft   tall ,   you   cannot   see   the   very   dark   interior   with   very   small   light .   br   further ,   the   microwave   arrived   with   the   mounting   bracket   which   was   located   at   the   top   of   the   microwave   carton   bent   thankfully ,   we   had   the   older   one ,   we   did   not   have   to   use   it .   br   overall ,   disappointed   with   lg   design   and   there   is   no   backward   compatibility   with   older   models .
four   stars   i   wonder   if   they   will   ever   produce   a   microwave   that   only   beeps   once !
five   stars   i   m   happy   with   it
looks   great .   works   great   looks   great .   works   great .   i   ve   been   using   it   since   may ,   probably   daily ,   and   haven   t   had   any   issues   at   all .   it   s   stainless   on   the   inside   as   well ,   so   it   wipes   clean   easily .   food   and   beverages   seem   to   heat   evenly .   great   deal !
five   stars   love   the   versatality   of   this   oven !
great   microwave .   it   s   large   but   heats   food   up   quickly   and   is   easy   to   use .   only   4   star   because   of   it   s   size .   make   sure   you   have   room .   mine   is   above   my   fridge   which   makes   the   push   button   to   open   the   door   ideal   rather   than   pulling   the   door   handle .
we   ve   been   very   happy   with   this   we   ve   been   very   happy   with   this .   not   sure   i   liked   the   dial   at   first ,   but   being   able   to   dial   in   extra   time   is   quick   and   efficient .
pos   i   received   the   microwave   and   it   didn   t   even   work .   i   didn   t   have   the   original   packaging   so   they   wouldn   t   refund   me .   brilliant .   lol
good   value   for   price   low   power   but   gets   the   job   done ,   and   good   value   for   the   money .   as   a   den   microwave   or   as   a   small   office   microwave ,   this   is   perfect   and   an   excellent   value .   takes   a   bit   longer   than   larger   units   due   to   lower   power ,   but   works   well .
sleek   samsung   microwave   with   grill   combi   feature   prompt   delivery   and   great   looking   microwave .   i   cannot   wait   to   try   out   grill   function .   i   already   went   through   instruction   book   to   familiarize   myself   with   the   functionality .
five   stars   great   product
good   product   for   the   price   looks   nice   and   so   far   works   great ,   very   good   deal   for   the   price
disappointed   i   purchased   this   microwave   in   january   of   2015 .   in   july   of   2015   the   microwave   completely   stop   working .   the   whole   microwave   stop   working   the   clock ,   everything .   i   want   to   get   my   money   back .   most   microwaves   last   for   years .   i   have   had   a   microwave   that   lasted   for   25   years .   to   have   a   microwave   last   for   only   6   months   is   disappointing .
the   most   adorable   little   microwave   around   i   only   use   a   microwave   to   reheat   coffee   so   when   i   bought   my   new   house   and   it   didn   t   have   a   microwave   in   the   kitchen   i   was   kind   of   like ,   meh ,   no   biggie .   however ,   after   several   weekends   of   cold   coffee   i   caved   and   went   looking   for   a   small   microwave   that   would   look   cute   on   the   kitchen   counter   without   taking   up   too   much   space .   i   am   so   freaking   happy   with   this .   it   s   literally   the   most   adorable   microwave   that   you   could   ever   want .   if   you   do   34   cooking   34   with   a   microwave ,   then   this   isn   t   your   best   option .   but   if   you   re   looking   for   something   to   heat   up   a   beverage   or   reheat   something   small   then   this   guy   is   great   for   you .   have   i   mentioned   how   cute   it   is   !
just   the   right   size   we   replaced   our   over   the   range   microwave   with   a   range   hood .   we   needed   a   small   microwave   to   install   in   our   pantry   and   this   fit   the   bill .   it   holds   a   12   34   plate   and   has   multiple   power   levels   for   cooking ,   but   we   use   it   mostly   for   rewarming .   it   does   take   about   twice   as   long   as   our   old   microwave   but   that   s   okay .   one   feature   i   really   like   is   the   one   touch   button   for   speed   cooking .   start   will   zap   something   for   30   seconds   on   high .   1   1   minute ,   2   2   minutes ,   etc .   that   is   quick   and   handy !
microwave   died   within   six   months   i   bought   this   microwave   for   my   parents   for   christmas .   after   six   months   it   died .   my   father   has   been   attempting   to   get   his   refund   processed   for   the   past   month   and   they   keep   giving   him   the   run   around .   don   t   buy   this   product ! ! !
nice   looking   this   is   a   nice   looking   unit .   it   arrived   right   on   schedule   and   was   well   packaged ,   so   no   damage .   plus ,   all   the   features   seem   to   work .   i   particularly   like   that   the   fan   seems   to   be   quieter   than   my   old   unit .   my   only   complaint   was ,   as   noted   by   a   couple   of   others ,   the   installation   instructions   had   the   screws   in   the   wrong   places .   fortunately ,   i   didn   t   do   the   install   myself ,   a   pro   did   it   or   the   micro   would   have   been   on   the   way   back   to   34   home   34   !   the   unit   matches   my   other   lg   appliances ,   so ,   i   m   pretty   happy .   i   ll   update   this   after   i   ve   used   the   micro   for   a   while .   ta .   y   all .
four   stars   not   a   power   horse   but   great   on   space   for   my   tiny   kitchen .
handle   broke   common   issue   this   microwave   has   been   decent ,   until   today .   the   plastic   piece   that   holds   that   handle   on   is   extremely   thin .   after   a   year   or   two   or   light   normal   use ,   it   breaks .   if   you   read   reviews ,   you   will   see   others   complaining   about   the   same   issue .   the   part   costs   around   16 ,   but   i   m   not   sure   how   to   replace   it   as   the   back   of   the   screw   is   covered   by   the   door .   annoying .
five   stars   it   works   just   fine .
this   unit   is   unusual   and   special   due   to   its   vertical   dimensions .   i   needed   a   vertical   microwave   to   fit   a   special   spot   in   my   galley .   this   unit   has   proven   to   have   both   the   power   and   interior   space   to   meet   all   my   needs .
excellent   part   excellent   quality .   fixed   our   500   microwave .   learned   that   mfg   offer   10   year   warranty .
terrible   microwave .   doesn   t   heat   the   food   yet   the   outside   ...   terrible   microwave .   doesn   t   heat   the   food   yet   the   outside   of   the   microwave   gets   hot .   never   had   a   microwave   that   gets   hot   on   the   outside .   working   with   the   supplier   to   replace   it .
three   stars   the   microwave   is   fine   but   the   shipping   was   terrible .
read   the   manual   and   you   will   be   rewarded !   i   was   a   bit   concerned   after   reading   some   of   the   ratings ,   but   i   took   the   plunge   and   i   m   glad   i   did .   it   does   everything   as   good   or   better   than   advertised .   as   with   most   products ,   the   manual   could   stand   some   extra   effort   simplification   ,   so   those   who   don   t   read   it   do   so   at   their   own   peril .   both   my   wife   and   i   are   pleased   with   this   product   and   hope   it   lasts   as   long   as   my   original   samsung   11   years   .
does   the   job ,   but   not   elegant   first ... it   s   pretty   big   something   to   considering   if   you   live   in   an   nyc   apartment   .   second ... the   door   makes   a   pretty   loud   noise   when   you   close   the   door .   third ... there   s   a   noise   coming   from   the   unit   which   sounds   like   the   glass   plate   is   shaking   every   time   i   use   it .   overall ,   it   heats   up   my   food .   that   s   all   i   really   need .
good   value   getting   good   use   in   a   small   office ,   and   working   well .   seems   to   be   well   built ,   and   holding   up   well   in   a   tough   environment .   good   value .
five   stars   good
small   space ,   big   job .   this   has   been   a   great   little   addition .   the   plate   is   as   large   as   a   that   of   a   larger   microwave ,   but   this   fits   in   smaller   space   in   this   case ,   in   a   corner .
works   as   expected   and   seem   to   do   the   job !   simple   and   basic   microwave .   works   as   expected   and   does   the   job .   perfect   for   limited   space   on   a   countertop .
five   stars   received   product   as   described   and   expeditiously .   a  
so   far   so   good   ...   just   a   month ,   no   issues ,   no   particular   shortcomings ,   nothing   really   outstanding ,   just   working   as   a   reasonable   microwave   should .
it   s   a   microwave .   the   buttons   feel   cheap .   also   ...   it   s   a   microwave .   the   buttons   feel   cheap .   also ,   before   you   purchase   go   somewhere   and   see   a   microwave   that   is   . 7   cubic   feet .   literally   can   t   even   microwave   a   hamster   it   s   so   small ...
five   stars   super
great   little   microwave !   love   this   microwave .   it   fit   perfectly   in   the   area   i   wanted   it   to .   i   wanted   a   simple ,   smaller   microwave   and   this   fit   the   bill .   most   microwaves   are   larger   and   have   too   many   bells   and   whistles   for   me .   it   is   very   attractive   i   wanted   some   stainless   to   match   my   other   appliances .   i   have   another   danby   product   dehumidifier   and   find   danby   to   be   a   good   product .   in   one   review   i   read   it   said   the   microwave   slid   when   opening   the   door   i   haven   t   found   this   to   be   a   problem   at   all .   the   price   for   this   is   great .   would   definitely   recommend   it .
great   for   a   small   kitchen !   so   far   so   good !   it   s   just   big   enough   to   fit   my   large   ikea   plates .   i   didn   t   think   it   would   be ,   so   i   was   pleasantly   surprised .   i   didn   t   want   to   sacrifice   counter   space ,   and   this   was   the   best   option .   it   seems   to   heat   up   pretty   well .   sometimes   it   takes   a   little   longer   than   other   microwaves ,   but   for   me   an   extra   minute   isn   t   a   big   deal .   for   the   size   and   price ,   it   s   a   fantastic   buy .   br   br   edit   just   thought   i   d   update .   it   s   been   2   years   and   it   s   still   going   strong .   no   issues   whatsoever .   it   works   just   as   well   as   when   i   purchased   it .
four   stars   it   s   ok
four   stars   perfect   for   our   backroom .   very   pleased   with   the   product .
i   can   have   microwave   popcorn   again   what   can   you   say   about   a   part   that   fits   specific   applications   it   replaced   the   broken   turntable   motor   in   the   microwave .   now   the   microwave   doesn   t   burn   things   on   one   side   and   leave   the   rest   cold .   so ,   it   s   great   that   the   microwave   is   works   again .   the   motor   was   considerably   cheaper   than   having   to   get   a   new   microwave ,   which   is   the   best   thing   about   it .   br   it   was   easy   to   swap   out   once   the   cover   was   removed   from   the   bottom   of   the   microwave .   getting   to   the   turntable   motor   in   a   counter   top   microwave   takes   a   chisel   or   snips ,   etc .   to   cut   the   tabs   holding   the   cover   panel   to   the   sheet   metal   bottom   of   the   oven .   then   it   s   just   a   case   of   removing   one   screw   and   unplugging   a   connector .   just   reverse   the   process   and   its   back   in   place   and   you   are   in   business .   the   cover   plate   may   need   a   screw   to   hold   it   in   place   when   you   reassemble   the   microwave .   it   wasn   t   included   with   the   motor ,   but   is   easy   enough   to   find   at   the   hardware   store   or   scavenge   from   some   old ,   unused   electronics   .
five   stars   excellent
five   stars   works   well .
great   concept   but   horrible   quailty   and   customer   service .   buyer   beward   this   microwave   was   installed   by   the   builder   in   our   new   home .   2   years ,   1   month   later   and   it   s   totally   died .   suddenly   quit   while   cooking ,   odd   smell   so   we   killed   the   power   to   the   unit .   sharp   was   zero   help .   representatives   gave   indications   that   it   was   a   safety   issue   and   perhaps   something   could   be   done   but   they   stuck   to   their   guns   about   it   being   out   of   warranty .   repairman   blamed   the   motor   board   that   repair   lasted   not   even   a   year   same   thing   happened   burning   smell ,   quit   working .   new   repair   company   same   fix .   8   months   later   the   unit   picks   and   chooses   when   it   decided   to   work .   door   pops   open   when   you   push   start ,   buttons   won   t   work .   closes   then   opens   again .   it   s   ridiculous .   loved   the   concept   and   34   seemed   34   to   work   fine   for   a   year   or   but   it   is   totally   ridiculous   that   a   microwave   of   this   price   range   doesn   t   last .   our   next   door   neighbor   has   the   same   microwave   and   their   s   broke   within   the   first   year ,   they   too   are   now   having   issues   again .   hoping   the   repairman   can   fix   it   as   doesn   t   seem   like   there   are   many   alternatives   out   there   to   get   something   similar   that   don   t   have   parts   made   by   sharp .   update ,   3   years   in   our   new   home   and   on   our   4th   repair   of   this   microwave .   buyer   beware .
great   microwave   i   have   had   this   microwave   for   about   5   months   now   and   it   is   working   perfectly .   the   settings   on   the   front   are   easy   to   use ,   i   regularly   use   the   30   second   option   on   the   34   start   34   button ,   and   it   cooks   evenly .   1100   watts   is   good   enough   for   everything   i   cook   and   i   like   the   fact   that   there   is   a   light   when   you   open   the   door .   i   think   5   beeps   at   the   end   of   cooking   is   excessive   but   i   do   like   the   fact   that   there   is   no   reminder   beep   after   1   minute .   plenty   of   items   need   to   sit   in   the   microwave   for   2   minutes   after   cooking   and   a   reminder   beep   is   annoying   personal   preference   though   .   it   is   big   enough   to   take   a   dinner   plate   but   still   a   nice   size   for   a   small   kitchen .   i   like   the   look   of   it   too   clean   lines !   i   knocked   a   star   off   because   the   door   button   needs   a   lot   of   pressure   to   open   and   the   microwave   slides   away   from   me   unless   i   hold   it   with   the   other   hand .   perhaps   putting   the   microwave   on   a   non   slip   mat   would   solve   that   issue .
so   far   so   good !   i   m   not   enamored   with   the   constant   beeping   when   ...   so   far   so   good !   i   m   not   enamored   with   the   constant   beeping   when   things   are   done ,   but   when   one   of   my   kids   use   it ,   it   allows   me   to   give   them   an   evil   stare   ask   them   if   they   are   using   the   microwave .   when   i   was   looking   to   buy   a   new   one ,   i   had   my   evil   redheaded   stepchild   relax ! ,   he   is   over   21   check   out   the   specifics   of   the   2   machines .   he   said   they   were   identical .   however   this   one   is   slightly   larger   performs   much   faster   than   the   one   it   replaced !   still ,   not   a   problem ,   but   i   have   to   wonder   why   the   old   one   took   much   longer   to   perform   the   same   thing   !
poor   quality   dont   buy   it ! ! !   br   the   button   will   be   defective   after   8   months
as   the   wiseman   said   i   have   a   happy   life   when   i   have   a   happy   wife   we   had   the   olver   range   model   in   our   house   but   had   leave   it   when   we   downsized   into   an   apartment .   this   is   the   countertop   model   of   the   one   we   had   to   leave   behind .   as   the   wiseman   said   br   i   have   a   happy   life   when   i   have   a   happy   wife .
great   little   microwave !   great   basic   little   microwave .   it   is   small ,   but   it   has   all   the   basic   functions   you   need .   it   heats   things   very   thoroughly   and   quickly .   surprised   at   how   much   hotter   it   is   than   my   bigger   ge .
simple   controls   i   love   the   simple   controls   of   this   microwave
could   not   have   asked   for   anything   better   could   not   have   asked   for   anything   better .   the   price   was   so   cheap   and   the   microwave   works   very   well .   br   br   the   door   is   kind   of   hard   to   open .   when   i   open   it   with   one   hand ,   i   tend   to   push   the   machine   a   little .   br   br   no   issues   with   heating   and   seems   to   work   well .   br   br   the   sound   is   kind   of   loud .. but   it   is   a   microwave .
but   still   great ! !   i   should   ve   just   read   the   dimensions   a   little   smaller   than   i   anticipated ,   but   still   great ! !   i   should   ve   just   read   the   dimensions   better
good   except   for   the   dang   superman   door   latch !   very   nice   microwave ,   good   size ,   programming   buttons   very   clear   and   easy   to   use .   the   only   reason   i   gave   this   4   stars   is   the   door   closure .   maybe   for   some   folks ,   having   a   door   that   latches   so   tight   you   have   to   hold   onto   the   oven   itself   when   pushing   button   to   open   door   is   a   good   thing   but   not   for   me .   really   wish   there   was   a   way   to   adjust   this   a   bit   aggravating   to   have   to   hang   on   to   it   so   i   don   t   shove   it   off   the   stand   to   open   the   door !   and   one   small   note ... i   haven   t   figured   out   yet   if   you   can   use   timer   and   then   go   ahead   and   cook   in   it   without   shutting   off   the   timer ,   my   old   one   you   could   and   find   that   to   be   a   feature   i   miss   have   written   to   danby   to   ask   if   i   m   missing   something   on   how   to   do   this   but   they   seem   to   be   slow   to   respond .   update   danby   took   over   a   week   to   respond   but   it   s   as   i   feared   you   cannot   set   timer   and   still   use   microwave   to   cook   oh   well   but   definitely   gonna   miss   that   feature   from   my   old   microwave .   and   make   sure   that   when   you   check   a   review   for   danby   microwave ,   it   is   for   the   actual   model   you   are   looking   at   amazon   has   chosen   to   lump   all   danby   model   reviews   so   whereas   this   review   is   for   1.1   and   1000   watt ,   some   reviews   are   all   the   way   down   to   the   . 7   and   there   seems   to   be   a   wide   gap   in   reviews .
not   small   at   all !   not   as   expected .   measurements   are   given   and   are   true   to   what   the   item   itself   is .   was   very   surprised   at   how   big   this   microwave   turned   out   to   be .   very   dissappointed   as   i   thought   i   would   be   getting   a   small   microwave .   this   microwave   took   up   just   as   much   space   as   my   current   one .   it   will   be   going   back   to   seller .
works   as   advertised   if   you   do   proper   prep   work   works   very   well   if   you   properly   prepare   your   old   microwave   first   by   degreasing ,   sanding ,   cleaning   and   taping   it   off   before   applying   multiple   light   coats .
the   oven   stopped   working   1   month   after   i   got   it   ...   the   oven   stopped   working   1   month   after   i   got   it ,   samsung   is   unhelpful ,   a   repair   guy   came   said   he   fixed   it .   it   is   still   not   working ,   br   i   have   been   chasing   samsung   for   2   weeks .
but   it   seems   like   they   should   be   able   to   fix   that   in   a   ...   tiny   as   promised !   not   very   powerful ,   which   goes   with   the   tiny ,   but   it   seems   like   they   should   be   able   to   fix   that   in   a   future   model .   the   button   to   open   the   door   requires   a   lot   of   pressure .
i   like   sharp   microwaves   i   like   sharp   microwaves .   my   mother   had   one   for   40   years   and   i   have   had   one   for   30   years   before   both   required   repair .   my   microwave   needed   a   new   magnetron   and   fuse   which   i   fixed   for   125.00 .   my   mother   s   microwave   had   to   be   replaced   as   we   could   not   find   all   of   the   replacement   parts   we   needed .   hence ,   i   purchased   the   one   above   almost   an   exact   replacement .   it   works   very   well   and   is   easy   to   use ,   but   i   am   not   happy   with   the   outward   appearance .   too   much   black   and   it   looks   cheap   compared   to   her   original   one .
four   stars   good
stopped   working   after   5   months .   it   was   delivered   on   feb .   14 ,   2015   and   has   stopped   working   already .   brand   new   outlet   so   i   know   it   s   not   that .   will   not   turn   on   at   all   and   the   return   window   closed   on   mar   17 ,   2015 .
great   microwave   for   small   spaces   this   is   a   very   good   microwave .   it   is   perfect   for   places   with   limited   counter   space .   it   is   small .   you   won   t   be   able   to   cook   full   meals   with   this   microwave   but   it   is   perfect   for   basic   microwave   uses   such   as   heating   up   frozen   vegetables   and   reheating   leftovers .   so   far   it   has   worked   just   fine .
works   well   and   an   an   advantage   i   had   not   thought   ...   works   well   and   an   an   advantage   i   had   not   thought   of   is   that   the   5   y   o   can   use   it   with   supervision .
great   for   singles   i   am   please   with   this   purchase .   its   the   only   portable   close   washer   i   have   purchased   so   i   can   t   compare   products .   e   spin   cycle   isn   t   veryeffective   but   it   washes   well .   you   can   put   a   pair   of   man   size   jeans   and   a   couple   of   tshirts .   at   one   time .   i   purchased   a   two   year   protection   plan   just   in   case .
then   it   s   a   great   deal !   i   have   not   used   it   yet   but   it   looks   exactly   same   size   that   we   have .   hope   it   works   well ,   then   it   s   a   great   deal ! !
matched   its   description ,   successfully   replaced   broken   part   on   my   ...   matched   its   description ,   successfully   replaced   broken   part   on   my   samsung   dishwasher .   does   the   job   needed ,   which   was   mostly   just   to   keep   the   top   dishwasher   rack   in   highest   position .   i   have   used   lever   to   raise   and   lower   but   it   s   just   not   some   thing   i   need   often .   hard   to   install ,   had   to   really   press   on   it   using   tools ,   before   it   made   an   audible   snapping   sound   and   settled   into   place .   it   only   goes   in   one   way ,   in   a   specific   place ,   so   pay   attention   because   force   is   required   and   forceful   install   in   wrong   place   will   destroy   it .   since   it   is   a   hard   plastic ,   i   could   see   where   the   plastic   mounting   tabs   showed   stress   from   the   install .   i   worried   they   would   break   off   during   my   efforts .   important   to   know   that   these   are   side   specific ,   you   need   to   buy   a   right   or   a   left   to   fit   the   need   because   it   cannot   switch   between   them .   when   one   breaks ,   the   others   carry   the   load   and   break   sooner   so   buy   spares .   ensure   your   purchase   specifies   right ,   left ,   or   both .
if   you   like   cold   drinks   don   t   purchase   does   not   keep   ice   cold   .   if   you   like   cold   drinks   don   t   purchase   .   great   cool   collectable   but   it   functional
four   stars   good   i   love   it .   hoping   its   lasting .   my   friends   and   family   was   excited   thought   i   changed   my   dishwasher
slides   too   easily .   works   well ,   but   same   gripes   as   other   reviewers   no   handle ,   slides   too   easily .
lemon   i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   26   months .   in   that   time   i   replaced   the   light   under   the   microwave   maybe   4   times .   sometimes   it   burned   out ,   other   times   it   exploded ,   but   it   seemed   odd   that   that   thing   kept   going .   my   previous   cheapo   microwave   worked   for   5   years   and   only   needed   the   bulb   changed   twice .   br   br   then   last   night   the   light   popped   and   the   microwave   blew   the   fuse .   since   then ,   the   fan   and   light   have   completely   stopped   working .   the   oven   itself   still   works ,   but   it   makes   me   super   uncomfortable   how   quiet   it   is   as   it   heats ,   does   it   need   the   fan   does   it   need   to   vent   i   don   t   know .   but   i   know   after   all   the   other   comments   i   m   not   reading   on   amazon ,   that   i   m   not   comfortable   finding   out .   br   br   when   i   called   lg ,   they   asked   if   it   was   plugged   in .   i   explained   that   the   microwave   worked ,   but   not   the   fan   or   the   lightbulb .   she   said   it   was   probably   my   outlet .   not   very   helpful .   when   i   called   a   repairman ,   he   said   fixing   it   would   cost   200 .   ugh ,   looks   like   i   34   m   in   the   market   for   a   new   microwave .
perfect   space   and   size   perfect   space   and   size .   i   have   no   cabinet   space   and   this   works   perfectly .   but   you   can   t   put   a   regular   size   plate   in   it .   still   serves   their   purpose .
four   stars   the   push   buttons   are   ok   but   occasionally   have   to   push   harder   to   operate .
8   in76   t   nm   uuim6   uk7n
owned   since   december   15 ,   2014   overall ,   like   it   and   would   recommend .   one   issue   is   that ,   of   late ,   the   door   requires   several   pushes   to   open .   i   ve   cleaned   the   area ,   can   not   see   an   obvious   issue   but   am   concerned   that   it   may   worsen .   so   far   that   is   the   only   negative   i   ve   experienced .   i   m   contacting   samsung   directly   on   this   one .
solid   microwave ,   looks   and   works   perfect !   see   my   photos .   we   love   this .   one   of   our   favorite   parts   of   the   kitchen   remodel .   such   a   space   saver   and   it   just   is   cool .   i   read   some   negative   reviews   all   stemming   from   not   have   a   revolving   plate   and   might   be   damaged   if   someone   pushes   down   on   it   well   duh .   i   have   a   5yo   and   8yo   they   know   not   to   stand   on   in   the   microwave .   and   it   s   2015   who   needs   a   revolving   plate   i   use   a   microwave   for   quick   stuff ,   not   rotisserie   chicken   and   what   not .   we   are   super   pleased   with   this   microwave .
solid   microwave ,   but   has   got   a   few   cons .. still   recommended   for   its   efficiency   i   bought   this   m   w   for   use   in   an   apartment   after   reading   the   good   reviews   on   amazon .   functionality   and   performance   and   even   look   wise ,   this   has   been   a   great   buy .   no   complaints   there .   but   a   couple   of   important   downsides   to   this   microwave ... it   is   loud   and   keeps   beeping   even   after   the   timer   is   done .   there   is   no   30   second   timer   which   is   already   mentioned   in   some   of   the   reviews   q   as .   so ,   that   is   a   fact .. just   confirming   here .
very   pleased   very   pleased .   save   space .   loved   it
very   satisfied   this   microwave   is   great !   the   size   is   perfect   for   my   small   studio   apartment   not   a   lot   of   countertop   real   estate   and   the   stainless   steel   finish   looks   really   nice .   sturdy   construction   and   works   very   well .   the   light   turning   on   when   you   open   the   door   is   a   nice   feature .   i   docked   it   a   star   because   the   buttons   are   a   little   more   difficult   to   push   than   other   microwaves ,   but   not   too   big   of   a   deal !
it   used   to   open   easily .   it   no   longer   opens   when   you   push   the   ...   i   ve   had   the   microwave   for   2   months .   it   used   to   open   easily .   it   no   longer   opens   when   you   push   the   button ,   you   have   to   manually   pull   the   door   open .   definitely   a   disappointment .   i   hope   i   can   return   it !
three   stars   not   as   fun   as   i   thought   i   would   be
...   have   a   small   apartment   well   and   i   am   very   pleased .   does   not   take   up   a   lot   of   room   ...   fits   my   counter   top   i   have   a   small   apartment   well   and   i   am   very   pleased .   does   not   take   up   a   lot   of   room   and   seems   to   work   very   efficiently .   thank   you .
had   problems   in   just   3   months ,   disappointed .   this   microwave   worked   fine   for   some   3   months   and   then   started   problem   with   door .   i   was   totally   disappointed   seeing   problem   in   just   3   months .   customer   service   was   rude   and   unhelpful .
five   stars   am   very   happy   with   this
five   stars   works   the   way   i   expected   it   to   work .
do   not   buy   this   piece   of   junk   i   wish   i   could   give   this   zero   stars .   bought   this   last   year   to   go   with   my   kitchen   remodel .   every   appliance   i   own   is   lg ,   washer   and   dryer   included .   luckily ,   they   still   work .   i   work   all   the   time   and   prefer   my   food   grilled .   i   rarely   use   the   microwave .   just   bought   it   as   a   just   in   case   method   of   heating   leftovers .   my   microwave   died   today .   just   stopped   heating .   everything   else   apparently   works   on   it .   apparently ,   a   faulty   magnetron   is   a   wide   spread   occurrence .   i   did   a   live   chat   with   an   online   rep .   she   wanted   to   send   me   to   a   service   tech   over   an   hour   away .   i   declined .   i   explained   to   her   similar   issues   from   most   owners   of   this   model   and   stated   this   should   be   looked   at   as   being   recalled .   no   way   we   all   messed   up   our   units .   i   forwarded   her   to   the   amazon   reviews .   she   was   basically   like   yeah ,   ok ,   do   you   want   me   to   find   you   a   service   center   at   the   end   of   our   conversation ,   she   just   ended   the   session .   i   wasnt   finished   chatting   with   her .   i   will   never   buy   an   lg   appliance   br   br   chat   log   br   chat   transcript   br   time   of   chat   7   2   2015   4   54   35   pm   br   length   of   chat   00   18   41   br   your   name   rafael   vazquez   br   chatted   with   michelle ,   paulsen   br   br   4   54   pm   michelle   hello   rafael   vazquez .   welcome   to   lg   electronics   u . s . a .   support   only .   how   may   i   provide   you   with   again .   excellent   service   today   br   4   55   pm   rafael   vazquez   hello .   my   microwave   stopped   heating   today .   br   4   55   pm   michelle   hi   rafael   br   4   56   pm   michelle   i   am   sorry   to   hear   about   this .   br   4   56   pm   michelle   let   s   perform   some   simple   troubleshooting   steps   to   see   if   we   can   resolve   this   issue .   br   4   56   pm   rafael   vazquez   i   m   sorry   to   experience   this ... lol   br   4   56   pm   rafael   vazquez   ok   br   4   56   pm   michelle   when   the   microwave   oven   does   not   heat ,   it   may   be   caused   by   entering   the   wrong   settings   or   inadequate   power   supply .   br   4   56   pm   michelle   let   s   test   the   unit   br   4   57   pm   michelle   1 .   place   a   microwaveable   safe   cup ,   mug ,   or   bowl   of   water   inside   the   microwave   oven .   br   4   57   pm   rafael   vazquez   ok   br   4   57   pm   michelle   2 .   press   clear   off   or   reset   to   clear   the   keypad .   br   4   57   pm   michelle   3 .   press   cook   and   enter   60   seconds   .   br   4   57   pm   michelle   4 .   press   start   pause .   br   4   57   pm   michelle   did   the   water   heat   br   4   58   pm   rafael   vazquez   in   just   started   it   br   4   58   pm   rafael   vazquez   i   just   started   it   br   4   58   pm   michelle   ok   br   4   59   pm   rafael   vazquez   it   did   not   heat   br   5   00   pm   michelle   i   see .   did   the   keypad   respond   and   the   microwave   start   br   5   00   pm   rafael   vazquez   yes   br   5   00   pm   michelle   did   the   timer   count   down   at   an   accelerated   rate   br   5   00   pm   rafael   vazquez   no   br   5   00   pm   michelle   is   the   unit   on   a   dedicated   circuit   breaker   br   5   01   pm   rafael   vazquez   yes   br   5   01   pm   michelle   great !   br   5   01   pm   michelle   please   turn   off   and   back   on   the   circuit   breaker .   will   the   unit   heat   now   br   5   01   pm   rafael   vazquez   ok .   give   me   a   minute   br   5   01   pm   michelle   sure   br   5   01   pm   michelle   take   your   time   br   5   03   pm   rafael   vazquez   no   heat   br   5   03   pm   michelle   thank   you   for   your   cooperation   and   your   patience   in   answering   all   of   my   questions   regarding   your   unit ,   rafael .   we   are   now   done   with   the   troubleshooting   steps .   the   unit   may   require   a   visit   from   a   professional   service   technician   to   diagnose   and   correct   the   issue .   br   5   03   pm   michelle   may   i   have   the   exact   date   of   purchase   for   the   unit   please   br   5   04   pm   rafael   vazquez   that   sucks .   i   ve   looked   around   online   and   this   appears   to   be   a   common   issue   with   this   model   br   5   04   pm   rafael   vazquez   5   9   14   br   5   04   pm   michelle   did   you   purchase   any   extended   warranty   br   5   05   pm   rafael   vazquez   no   br   5   05   pm   michelle   i   see .   i   would   be   delighted   to   provide   you   with   authorized   service   centers   in   your   area   to   help   you   out   with   the   repair .   may   i   know   your   zip   code   please   br   5   05   pm   rafael   vazquez   76306   br   5   06   pm   michelle   thank   you   so   much .   kindly   give   me   a   moment .   br   5   06   pm   michelle   upon   checking ,   you   may   call   freeman   s   appliance   580   255   2676   to   set   up   service   for   the   unit   br   5   07   pm   rafael   vazquez   where   are   they   located   br   5   07   pm   michelle   4325   n .   highway   81   br   5   07   pm   michelle   duncan   ok   br   5   09   pm   rafael   vazquez   no   thanks .   that   s   over   an   hour   away .   probably   cost   more   to   fix   than   the   microwave   is   worth .   it   s   terrible   that   a   microwave   barely   lasts   a   year .   br   5   09   pm   michelle   i   understand   and   do   respect   your   decision   if   you   do   not   want   to   have   the   unit   serviced ,   rafael .   br   5   09   pm   michelle   is   there   anything   else   i   can   assist   you   with   today   br   5   11   pm   rafael   vazquez   nope .   i   ll   never   buy   an   lg   product   again .   from   the   horrible   reviews   of   owners   rated   1   star   on   amazon   ,   with   similar   problems   that   are   online   after   a   year   of   use ,   it   looks   like   this   model   should   be   recalled .   it   obviously   has   faulty   components .   br   5   12   pm   michelle   i   will   file   a   report   for   your   complaint .   br   5   12   pm   rafael   vazquez   they   either   stop   heating   or   catch   fire   br   5   12   pm   michelle   it   has   been   a   pleasure   to   assist   you   today .   should   you   have   any   further   questions   or   concerns ,   please   do   not   hesitate   to   contact   us   again   via   live   chat   or   phone   at   18002430000 .   thank   you   for   choosing   lg   electronics .   we   appreciate   your   business .   have   a   great   day !
wonderful   looking ,   quite   large   i   didn   t   measure   well   and   this   wonderful   piece   of   equipment   was   much   too   large   so   i   had   to   return   it   so   sorry   i   d   have   loved   to   keep   it
four   stars   my   mom   really   likes   it
nice   looking ,   easy   to   clean   and   large   interior   just   as   advertised .   nice   looking ,   easy   to   clean   and   large   interior   .   mno   problems   thus   far .
five   stars   great !
installed   easily   and   looks   great   installed   easily   and   looks   great .   it   s   only   been   in   use   for   about   a   month   but   we   have   no   complaints .   fan   is   quiet .
heats   up   fast .   big   enough   to   put   lots   of   things   in ,   but   doesn   t   take   up   too   large   of   a   space   on   the   counter .   i   can   say   this   honestly   as   i   have   less   than   9   linear   feet   of   countertop   available   to   stick   anything   onto .
worked   great   until   i   got   the   dreaded   se   error   code   i   purchased   this   in   2010   and   it   worked   great .   then   a   couple   of   weeks   ago   i   came   into   the   kitchen   and   saw   the   se   error   code .   i   wasn   t   able   to   set   the   clock   so   i   unplugged   it   and   started   researching   what   the   error   code   meant .   as   you   have   probably   read   in   other   reviews ,   this   is   a   common   samsung   problem .   the   steam   from   cooking   on   the   stove   underneath   the   microwave   damages   the   cooking   sensor   which   causes   the   entire   oven   to   malfunction .   and   please   understand   that   i   haven   t   used   my   stove   top   for   cooking   on   a   regular   basis !   br   br   after   a   couple   of   hours ,   i   plugged   it   in   to   see   what   happened   and   was   able   to   set   the   clock   and   use   it .   i   was   thrilled   but   cautious .   which   was   good   because   within   10   minutes   i   heard   the   microwave   beep   and   start   cooking .   i   shut   it   off   and   watched   it   and   within   15   seconds ,   i   saw   34   baked   potato   34   on   the   screen   and   it   started   up   again .   so   now   it   s   unplugged   and   will   be   replaced .   br   br   samsung   says   it   s   out   of   the   warranty   period   but   will   send   a   technician   to   fix   it   for   more   than   it   will   cost   me   to   purchase   a   new   unit .   i   did   get   five   years   out   of   it   so   i   m   chalking   it   up   to   lessons   learned   no   more   samsung   microwaves .   when   they   have   this   many   ovens   with   the   same   problem ,   you   would   think   the   company   would   make   things   write .   to   be   fair ,   i   have   always   owned   samsung   televisions   and   been   very   happy   with   them .   maybe   the   microwave   business   isn   t   for   them  
yuk   horrible   waiting   for   a   refund
five   stars   good   machine
five   stars   great   microwave .   simple   and   compact .
five   stars   great   value   for   the   money
great   product !   we   opted   for   this   style   of   microwave   this   time   around   in   our   new   kitchen   and   have   not   been   disappointed !   the   shipping   was   fast   thanks   to   amazon   ,   the   look   of   the   microwave   is   wonderful   and   goes   well   with   our   other   appliances   ge   monogram   dcs   ,   the   drawer   opens   and   closes   well ,   it   cooks   wonderfully ,   it   s   quiet ,   controls   are   simple   to   use ,   the   kitchen   timer   is   handy ... i   know   there   were   some   negative   posts ,   but   as   of   now ,   after   4   months   of   use ,   i   couldn   t   be   happier !
five   stars   fits   ikea   wall   cabinets ..
i   would   have   been   better   off   purchasing   a   microwave   from   walmart   this   appliance   has   more   problems   than   perks !   i   purchased   an   extended   warranty   and   later   found   out   it   is   worthless .   my   daughter   open   the   door   and   the   bottom   of   the   handle   broke .   a   few   nights   later   the   control   panel   went   haywire ! !   it   beeps   and   flashes   different   functions   and   dates   until   you   unplug   it .   there   is   nothing   convenient   about   plugging   and   unplugging   an   appliance   every   time   you   want   to   use   it .   light   bulbs   it   takes   two   costs   6   7   dollars   each   and   blows   out   within   24   hours .   it   seems   as   if   the   appliance   is   experiences   a   power   serge .   the   constant   flickering   of   the   lights   is   very   irritating   and   unsettling .   i   would   have   been   better   off   purchasing   a   microwave   from   walmart ..... at   least   they   have   a   legitimate   warranty .
five   stars   great   little   microwave !
five   stars   really   worked .   the   once   rusty   bottom   inside   of   my   microwave   looks   brand   new .
five   stars   came   in   on   time .   had   no   issues
great   microwave   at   any   price   fit   my   microwave   cart   perfectly   and   works   really   well .   great   microwave   at   any   price .   i   really   think   it   s   more   powerful   than   700   watts   though .
after   sanding   rust   out   and   washing   cavity ,   paint   when   ...   after   sanding   rust   out   and   washing   cavity ,   paint   when   on   with   no   problem .   however ,   jt   did   take   several   coats   to   cover   the   exposed   sheet   metal .   so   far   the   plastic   wheels   on   the   plate   rotary   device   have   not   picked   up   any   of   the   fresh   paint .   wife   loves   her   34   new   34   microwave .   paint   was   totally   dry   within   an   hour .   we   left   it   outside   over   night   with   the   door   open   to   get   rid   of   fumes .
four   stars   very   satisfied   ,   looking   great ,   aaaa
stylist   microwave   prompt   shipment ,   great   quality .   stylish   microwave ,   perfect   for   limited   counter   space .
no   review   because   it   was   returned   came   damaged   and   was   returned
great   item   and   seller !   great   item   and   seller !
i   wanted   a   product   that   was   a   microwave   and   toaster   ...   i   wanted   a   product   that   was   a   microwave   and   toaster ,   and   this   claimed   to   be   in   the   description .   it   does   not   toast !   the   manual   is   awful ,   very   little   and   very   confusing   instructions .
good   microwave   oven .   priced   right .   good   microwave   oven .   priced   right .   setting   too   high   will   burn   everything   till   learning   curve   is   over .   expect   to   burn   a   lot   of   food .   8   26   15   re   review   turn   table   inside   quit   working .
one   star   it   s   starting   not   to   work   well   takes   too   long   to   heat   food   and   leaves   cold   and   hot   spots .
i   have   owned   a   suite   of   ge   cafe   products   ...   i   have   owned   a   suite   of   ge   cafe   products   i . e .   refrigerator ,   stove ,   microwave   and   dishwasher   for   approximately   6   years   now .   my   recommendation   is   stay   away .   my   refrigerator   has   seen   a   visit   from   the   repairman   four   times .   my   stoves   plastic   knobs   melted   off   and   i   was   kindly   advised   by   ge   that   i   could   now   buy   new   metal   ones   for   300 .   my   dishwashers   dispenser   in   not   dispensing .   and   now   to   round   things   off   my   microwave   s   touchpad   is   not   functioning   as   it   should .   ge   is   comping   me   the   parts   which   the   repairman   quoted   me   1 , 225.00   and   labor   at   100.00   my   responsibility   .   i   read   from   other   poster   s   comments   that   this   issue   will   happen   again .   i   contacted   ge ,   advised   them   of   the   cost   , and   suggested   that   i   apply   my   labor   cost   towards   the   purchase   of   a   new   microwave .   i   was   shot   down .   new   microwave   750.00   vs   paying   1225   for   parts   if   i   were   a   ge   shareholder   i   would   be   outraged   at   this   type   of   irresponsible   spending .   multiply   this   type   of   activity   several   thousand   times   over   and   you   re   talking   serious   money .   quality   has   seriously   gone   down   since   the   days   my   parents   bought   ge   products .   they   have   lost   a   future   customer   in   me   and   my   family .   if   you   re   considering   this   line   of   products   buyers   beware .
five   stars   5   star   very   happy   with   it
fair   warning   stay   away !   stay   away !   bad   product .   expensive   repairs .   poor   support .   br   br   i   have   owned   3   of   these .   all   white   not   stainless .   i   talked   a   friend   into   buying   a   stainless   one   he   bought110v   bad   move ...   underpowered   i   love   the   concept .   but   at   this   point   i   d   strongly   recommend   you   stay   away   from   this   product .   i   m   talking   about   the   220v   advantium   oven .   my   experience   br   i   had   the   house   rewired   to   put   this   220v   oven   above   the   stove .   br   the   first   one   i   owned   lasted   about   1   1   2   years ,   then   the   bottom   heating   element   a   halogen   bulb   burnt   out .   i   had   service   replace   it .   about   1   2   a   year   later   the   controller   for   the   microwave   burnt   out .   when   it   worked ,   it   worked   great .   so ,   i   replaced   the   whole   unit .   br   the   second   one   was   exactly   the   same   design   220v   with   halogen   bulb   lower   heating   element .   after   about   2   years ,   the   halogen   bulb   again   burnt   out .   again   after   another   year ,   the   whole   unit   broke   to   the   point   i   again   replaced   it .   br   so ,   i   really   liked   the   concept ,   but   obviously   the   design   engineering   was   bad .   this   was   severely   pointed   out   in   the   3rd   220v   unit   i   bought   they   changed   the   design !   they   replaced   the   lower   halogen   heating   element   with   an   infrared   heating   element .   halogen   bulbs   are   near   instant   on .   infrared   takes   time   to   heat   up .   so ,   frozen   12   34   pizza   took   a   bit   longer   to   cook ,   and   all   the   recipes   that   relied   on   bottom   heat   was   off   a   bit ...   seemed   like   they   changed   the   heater   characteristics   without   bothering   to   reprogram   the   recipes ,   but   ok .   i   still   liked   the   concept .   br   then ,   the   lower   now   infrared   heater   failed .   so   i   called   service .   they   replaced   the   part .   but   now ...   it   wouldn   t   even   cook   a   pizza .   too   little   power   from   the   lower   heating   unit .   service   came   out   to   fix   it   again .   then ,   i   cooked   a   pizza   in   front   of   the   technician   that   replaced   the   bulb .   the   34   cooked   34   pizza   came   out   burnt   on   the   top ,   and   the   bottom   uncooked   34   floppy   slices   34   .   the   product   after   repair ,   no   longer   performed   it   s   function .   i   had   many   calls   into   ge   consumer   relations .   no   help .   at   the   end ,   i   was   told   the   fixed   product   worked   as   designed ,   and   there   was   nothing   more   they   would   do   on   this   unit .   they   were   willing   to   sell   me   a   4th   one .   when   i   asked   how   it   would   cook ,   he   didn   t   know .   br   br   love   the   concept ,   but   bad   execution ,   and   expensive   and   poor   support .
amazing   simply   the   best   microwave   we   have   ever   owned
a   great   little   microwave   for   the   price   as   described .   a   great   little   microwave   for   the   price !
i   works   well   and   i   am   happy   with   it   it   is   a   cute   microwave   that   fits   into   the   space   i   had .   it   is   a   little   smaller   than   i   had   imagined   and   the   34   crome   34   on   the   outside   is   a   little   hard   to   clean .   i   works   well   and   i   am   happy   with   it .
five   stars   great   product
five   stars   powerful   and   beautiful   microwave .
five   stars   very   good   product   for   the   price .
great   trim   kit   great   product ,   looks   nice ...   exactly   what   we   were   looking   for .   arrived   in   great   shape   two   days   after   we   ordered   it !
sharp   product   is   garbage   this   microwave   is   a   piece   of   garbage .   we   ordered   it   from   another   online   website .   it   arrived   defective   and   sharp   refused   to   replace   it .   we   had   to   go   through   4   repair   appointments   before   they   agreed   to   send   a   new   one .   we   have   to   pay   to   have   the   replacement   installed .   sharp   customer   service   it   terrible .   dodging   phone   calls .   we   should   have   bought   something   else   from   amazon ... lesson   learned !
so   far   she   is   very   happy   wit   it   it   is   everything   i   wanted   it   to   be .   got   it   for   my   92   year   old   mother   who   had   a   microwave   die   on   her .   so   far   she   is   very   happy   wit   it .   time   will   tell   if   it   is   a   substantial   product ,   but   the   price   was   very   good .
cheaply   put   together .   very   low   quality   for   the   amount   ...   cheaply   put   together .   very   low   quality   for   the   amount   of   money   spent .   spend   a   little   more   and   get   a   quality   product .
excellent   value   for   money   he   has   worked   perfectly   right   out   the   box .   it   was   simple   to   set   up   and   easy   to   use .   i   ve   used   it   to   defrost   meat ,   make   beverages ,   bake   potatoes   etc   etc   and   its   been   great .   excellent   value   for   money .   it   lived   up   to   its   consumer   report   s   best   buy   status
superb   quality   lot   s   of   power   all   at   at   a   great   price   makes   this   model   a   winner !   we   had   a   samsung   microwave   that   lasted   a   few   years   prior   to   burning   out   and   dying .   it   s   funny   how   quickly   you   get   used   to   living   without   one .   br   br   but   we   did   miss   popcorn ,   frozen   foods   and   the   other   microwave   friendly   albeit   limited   uses   that   they   have .   in   shopping   around   online   i   was   sold   in   a   large   part   by   the   positive   reviews   and   we   re   enjoying   the   quality   touches   br   br   great   build   quality   this   unit   is   very   heavy   and   sound   br   br   easy   to   use   br   br   lot   s   of   quick   short   cuts   like ,   popcorn ,   melt   soften ,   pizza   and   so   on   br   br   large   blue   led   clock   and   timer .   br   br   sleek ,   elegant   and   transitional   design   br   br   super   powerful   exhaust   is   fantastic   ours   is   vented   to   the   outside   br   br   bright   white   goes   well   with   all   our   other   appliances   br   br   please   note   this   is   a   basic   microwave   and   lacks   many   of   the   features   found   on   models   priced   at   twice   the   cost .   however ,   considering   what   we   use   a   microwave   for   this   unit   couldn   t   be   more   perfect .   this   unit   is   huge   and   heavy   so   if   you   re   handy   and   can   diy   i   suggest   having   someone   to   help   you   or   take   advantage   of   local   installation   by   amazon   approved   installers   if   that   service   is   available   in   your   area   or   a   local   installer   of   your   choice .   br   br   that   said ,   with   1 , 000   watts   of   power   this   oven   is   extremely   fast   and   efficient .   if   you   don   t   need   all   the   bells   whistles   i   couldn   t   recommend   this   microwave   strongly   enough .
four   stars   fine   product .
perhaps   its   my   fault   in   not   researching   the   low   wattage   ...   perhaps   its   my   fault   in   not   researching   the   low   wattage   but   indeed   this   microwave   takes   an   exorbitant   amount   of   time   to   heat   items
one   star   late   package   delivery .   damaged   item .
absolutely   fine .   actually   absolutely   fine .   br   actually ,   i   recommended   it   to   a   friend .   it   was   the   right   size   for   her .   br   she   ordered   and   received   from   you .   fits   perfectly   for   her   too .   br   i   like   the   handle   on   the   door .   makes   it   easier .
this   microwave   is   built   to   last   as   long   as   the   warrant   it   comes   with .   not   built   to   last   more   than   the   length   of   the   warranty .   do   not   buy .   anyone   giving   it   high   marks   has   not   had   it   for   two   years .
four   stars   wish   the   cord   was   longer ,   but   i   really   like   the   way   it   fits   into   the   corner   of   my   countertop .   i   have   a   small   kitchen   it   doesn   t   take   up   a   lot   of   space .
nice   little   machine !   fits   in   my   studio   without   taking   up   to   much   space .   i   have   no   down   side   to   comment   on   this   little   microwave .   it   functions   perfectly   for   what   i   need   it   for ... which   is   heating   bowls   of   isomalt   for   working   hot   sugar   art .   love   it !
great   buy   for   the   money   i   looked   a   long   time   before   i   found   this   microwave   it   was   very   hard   to   find   one   where   the   interior   light   goes   on   when   the   door   is   opened   not   just   when   it   is   in   operation   .   this   one   does ,   is   logical   to   operate   and   fits   nicely   on   a   counter   top .   the   only   thing   on   my   wish   list   that   is   lacking   is   power   it   s   only   1 , 000   watts   and   i   would   have   preferred   1 , 200   watts .
great   for   limited   space   this   is   a   great   little   microwave .   it   fits   perfectly   in   my   tiny   space   so   that   i   have   a   little   more   needed   counter   space   than   i   did   with   my   larger   microwave
perfect   size   for   my   dinner   plates   perfect   size   for   my   dinner   plates .   i   like   the   express   cook   buttons   that   allow   me   to   hit   one   button   to   start   cooking .   cooking   times   for   store   bought   frozen   foods   seems   to   be   just   right   for   this   microwave .   good   quality   for   a   low   price .
simple   pretty   simple
four   stars   very   good
five   stars   works
how   did   our   landlord   get   all   new   appliances   and   choose   ...   how   did   our   landlord   get   all   new   appliances   and   choose   this   awful   contraption   !   the   incessant   beeping   is   driving   me   a   little   mad   and ,   of   course ,   there   s   no   way   to   change   that .   reviews   for   this   thing   being   awful   go   back   to   2   4   years   ago .   just   a   little   internet   search   could   have   saved   me   from   this   fate .   i   hope   it   dies   soon .
great   works   as   expected .   great   value .
works   great   and   priced   right   i   am   in   a   wheelchair .   cannot   stand   to   reach   our   over   the   stove   microwave .   purchased   this   to   place   on   he   counter .   now   i   can   microwave   to   my   hearts   content .   works   great   and   priced   right .   would   recommend   it   to   everyone .
five   stars   exactly   what   i   wanted .
five   stars   looks   great   for   the   price   and   works   well !   could   not   ask   for   more .
five   stars   product   does   the   job   it   was   sold   to   do .
horrible   pos   this   is   by   far   the   most   stupid   appliance   i   have   ever   come   across   in   all   my   years .   as   you   will   read   in   other   reviews ,   the   absurdity   of   its   functions   has   yet   to   cease   angering   me   on   a   daily   basis .   br   br   the   3   beeps   when   things   are   done   cooking   you   can   not   do   anything   until   it   slowly   finishes   its   3   beeps .   no   stop ,   no   cancel ,   no   starting   the   microwave   again   or   adding   time .   you   must   stand   there   and   listen   to   its   siren   song   of   idiocy .   br   br   also ,   you   can   t   use   the   timer   and   use   the   microwave   at   the   same   time .   i   mean ,   why   !   wtf !   br   br   daily   i   want   to   rip   this   thing   off   the   wall   and   take   it   into   a   field   office   space   style   and   beat   it   with   a   baseball   bat .   br   br   anyone   want   to   buy   a   microwave   from   me   cheap !
it   s   tinny .   it   s   kind   of   tinny .   probably   just   too   small   .   the   latch   for   closing   the   door   sticks   so   you   need   to   slam   the   it ,   and   the   whole   thing   shakes .   i   m   already   prepared   for   itt   o   die ,   and   i   will   buy   a   larger   and   more   expensive   one .
five   stars   love   this !   good   size   for   countertops   br   br   had   it   since   january   2015   and   loved   every   minute   of   it .
good   call !   it   came   with   the   diode   which   may   have   caused   the   problem   and   i   would   not   have   known   it .   good   call !
great   size .   i   only   use   a   microwave   to   reheat   ...   great   size .   i   only   use   a   microwave   to   reheat   things .   so   nothing   more   then   5   minutes   or   so .   the   simple   display   to   add   time   by   30   second   increments   is   what   allows   this   to   be   so   small .   if   you   need   complicated   time   inputs   with   numbered   buttons ,   this   isn   t   for   you .
simple   but   nice !   great   value   for   the   price .   full   array   of   function   controls .   takes   up   small   amount   of   counter   space ,   yet   has   plenty   of   room   for   a   full   10   1   2   34   dinner   plate   on   its   motorized   turntable .
very   quiet .   nice   microwave   arrived   quickly   was   actually   40   dollars   cheaper   than   in   the   local   big   box   stores .   very   quiet ,   sleek   look ,   grill   function   works   well .   so   far   we   ve   had   it   only   a   week   but   it   seems   to   be   doing   the   job   as   described .
five   stars   tthe   kit   works   well .   it   took   lots   of   work   to   unload   and   reload   the   microwave   over   the   range   though .
five   stars   it   s   great
great   stuff .   saved   me   from   having   to   buy   new   ...   great   stuff .   saved   me   from   having   to   buy   new   oven .   it   s   been   a   year ,   and   it   s   still   good .
great   little   microwave ! ! !   my   over   the   range   microwave   died   and   the   manufacturer   no   longer   makes   the   model   i   have .   because   it   will   take   me   some   time   to   find   what   will   look   correct   with   what   i   now   have ,   i   needed   a   microwave   oven   quick !   took   a   chance ,   because   i   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   lot   of   money ,   and   purchased   the   danby   0.7   cu .   ft .   countertop .   i   couldn   t   be   more   pleased .   it   works   just   great   for   what   i   need   and   it   arrived   in   two   days !
perfect .   it   works ,   nothing   fancy ,   no   bells   and   whistles .   it   s   small   its   basic   and   that   s   all   i   needed .   big   enough   to   fit   a   dinner   plate   and   small   enough   to   push   into   a   corner ,   perfect .
very   nice !   fast   delivery ,   great   microwave !
not   snow   white   but   off   white   color   the   color   description   on   the   can   is   34   snow   white   34   ,   the   reality   is   this   paint   is   an   off   white   color .   my   ge   microwave   is   a   bright   white   color   and   this   paint   did   not   match .   i   still   used   the   product   and   it   worked   well .   if   the   directions   are   followed ,   the   spray   applies   evenly   and   covers   well   with   several   coats .   for   my   needs   i   liked   this   product   better   than   the   touch   up   paint   with   brush   application .   you   also   get   more   paint   with   the   spray   can .
five   stars   great   small   size ,   easy   to   clean .   amazing   price !
five   stars   very   nice   little   microwave   and   doesn   t   take   up   a   ton   of   space   on   the   counter .
pad   very   delicate   the   button   pad   gets   very   easily   torn   up .   i   m   not   a   heavy   handed   person .   owned   this   a   few   months   and   the   pad   is   torn   up .   looks   like   something   was   chewing   on   it .   especially   the   start   and   clear   buttons .   would   have   spent   a   bit   more   for   a   sturdier   pad .   otherwise   it   works   great   and   looks   good .
glad   i   bought   it !   works   well !   great   small   size !   easy   to   figure   out   controls !
great   product   for   the   money   great   little   unit .   only   big   enough   for   one   dinner   plate ,   but   does   the   job   well .
great   mircowave   the   microwave   and   is   nicer   then   i   expected   for   the   price .   it   is   stainless   steel   inside   and   out .   they   also   include   a   replacement   key   pad   cover .   the   only   thing   i   do   not   like   is   the   glass   turntable   did   not   come   with   a   wheeled   undercarriage   to   allow   for   smoother   rotation ,   but   other   then   that   very   nice   and   i   would   by   again .
...   exactly   what   i   needed   to   repair   my   microwave   easy   install .   this   part   was   exactly   what   i   needed   to   repair   my   microwave   easy   install .
two   stars   it   was   great ! !   the   product   came   as   described ... on   time   and   the   right   product .
two   stars   doesn   t   work   on   a   pure   sine   wave   inverter .
great   price ,   shipped   in   good   speedy   time   great   price ,   shipped   in   good   speedy   time ,   a   very   small   dent   that   we   decided   we   were   not   going   to   complain   or   worry   about !   oven   was   mounted ,   and   neither   of   us   felt   it   was   worth   taking   out   and   starting   over ! ! !   works   great ,   convection   or   micro   wave ! !
absolute   junk   and   fire   hazzard   absolute   junk   currently   trying   to   get   second   version   of   this   microwave   fixed   or   replaced .   the   first   one   died   emitting   a   god   awful   blue   smoke .   fortunately   we   bought   the   service   agreement .   unfortunately   still   took   more   than   a   month   to   replace .   the   replacement   is   also   malfunctioning .   the   keypad   started   malfunction   then   the   microwave   started   smoking   now   waiting   for   a   resolution .   do   not   buy   look   at   consumer   reports   reviews   this   thing   is   a   lemon
nice !   fits   under   my   cabinet   is   pretty   quiet .   i   ve   only   used   it   to   heat   up   things   works   great .   takes   up   only   a   small   amount   of   countertop .
danby   delivers   quality   and   value   great   product ,   really   like   it ,   and   the   price   was   amazing .   br   i   got   in   time   and   it   was   pack   well .   br   i   would   recommend   it   to   others ,   one   caveat   let   s   hope   it   last   a   few   years .   br   martha
a   great   canadian   product !   just   the   right   size .   not   too   big ..... not   too   small .
five   stars   good   paint   to   touch   up   the   interior   of   a   microwave
also   the   plate   that   rotates   sticks   and   makes   a   horribly   loud   noise   as   if   something   is   going   to   explode   arrived   in   timely   fashion   and   well   package .   my   complaints   it   is   noisy   when   it   runs .   also   the   plate   that   rotates   sticks   and   makes   a   horribly   loud   noise   as   if   something   is   going   to   explode .   i   worry   that   this   oven   may   not   last   long .   the   door   also   requires   a   34   hard   34   push   on   the   mechanism   to   open   the   door .   l   would   not   purchase   this   again .
five   stars   part   was   received   on   time   and   works   perfectly .
does   the   job .   eventually .   this   thing   is   small   and   that   s   what   we   needed .   but   it   is   weak .   i   ve   used   some   really   awful   microwaves   before ,   but   this   thing   takes   longer   to   heat   my   food   than   any   of   them .   it   eventually   does   the   job   though ,   and   the   price   was   right .
great   value ,   intuitive   controls   big   enough   for   me ,   easy   to   use   controls ,   great   price
very   disappointed .   the   first   of   these   we   bought   didn   t   work   right   out   of   the   box .   we   returned   it   for   another ,   which   managed   to   work   for   just   over   2   months   and   now   won   t   heat   anything .   very   disappointed .
just   ok   i   ve   had   this   item   for   about   a   month .   it   was   purchased   to   replace   an   aging   micro   convection   that   i   ve   had   for   about   8   years .   while   i   ve   not   yet   used   all   the   various   settings ,   i   have   used   the   microwave   function .   more   to   that   in   a   minute .   br   when   i   received   this   item ,   the   box   didn   t   show   any   damage ,   but   the   micro   had   a   sizable   dent   in   the   exterior   upper   back   part   of   one   of   the   side   panels .   returning   the   item   seemed   like   a   huge   pain   one   of   the   problems   with   ordering   this   type   of   merchandise   from   an   on   line   source   ,   so   i   called   amazon   customer   service   and   they   gave   me   a   credit   for   the   damage .   br   on   to   the   performance   of   the   unit ....   it   does   work   well   as   a   microwave ,   however   it   is   louder   than   any   microwave   i   ve   ever   had   in   the   past   including   the   micro   convection   that   i   bought   this   one   to   replace .   is   this   a   problem   associated   with   the   dent   in   the   housing   perhaps .   br   now ,   the   reason   i   ve   only   used   the   micro   function   i   just   haven   t   had   the   time   to   dig   thru   the   manual   to   figure   out   how   to   use   the   other   functions .   it   really   is   not   very   intuitive   when   it   comes   to   ease   of   use .   also ,   while   i   knew   that   it   had   a   wheel   for   time   adjustment ,   i   didn   t   realize   how   much   i   d   gotten   use   to   simply   entering   the   time   digitally .   i   know   this   sounds   like   a   petty   complaint ,   but   one   would   think   that   as   technology   advances ,   we   wouldn   t   be   taking   backward   steps   in   product   design .   i   ll   add   more   as   i   have   the   time   to   decipher   the   instructions   for   more   functions .
junk !   do   not   buy !   we   bought   this   microwave   less   than   three   years   ago .   it   was   handy   and   compact .   it   has   now   burned   out   in   a   spectacular   and   very   dangerous   flashing   of   fire   and   loud   noises .   buy   something   else !
got   it   same   day   as   ordered .   awesome   we   are   back   up   and   running .
very   good   i   event   toast   bread   in   it   very   ,   very   good   i   event   toast   bread   in   it ,   thank   you   samsumg   and   amazon   tooooo
...   for   about   a   year   now   and   i   am   very   happy   with   it   i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   about   a   year   now   and   i   am   very   happy   with   it .   it   fits   in   the   corner   of   my   kitchen   counter   and   works   just   great   for   reheating   foods   and   cooking   vegetables .
could   be   a   bit   larger   it   is   a   bit   small .   also   the   sound   it   makes   when   it   is   done   is   ear   piercing .
one   star   love   the   size ,   but   didn   t   last   a   month !
five   stars   it   works   fine .
i   have   been   very   happy   with   the   microwave   i   have   been   very   happy   with   the   microwave .   it   fits   the   space   i   have   perfectly   and   so   far   has   been   working   well .
i   hate   that   opening   the   door   moves   the   microwave   towards   you   ...   i   hate   that   opening   the   door   moves   the   microwave   towards   you   and   out   of   its   place .   thats   my   only   complaint .
just   perfect   in   all   ways   exactly   what   we   hoped   for   in   every   way .   br   after   needing   to   retire   our   well   loved   advantium ,   we   opted   to   replace   it   with   a   more   basic   microwave .   br   after   rewiring   from   220   what   the   advantium   required   to   regular   ol   110 ,   we   bought   this   ge   microwave   combo   br   and   had   it   installed .   what   separates   this   unit   from   other   combination   models   well ,   for   one ...   br   we   can   use   the   timer   and   the   microwave   at   the   same   time   something   we   kind   of   took   for   granted   br   in   having   had   the   advantium   for   so   many   years . no   other   microwave   seems   to   have   this   stupidly   basic   br   feature ,   something   we   learned   the   hard   way   by   initially   purchasing   a   top   rated   sanyo   unit .   br   and   they   questioned   us   when   we   kvetched   about   the   timer   use   of   microwave   conflict ,   insisting   we   were   br   asking   for   too   much   right ...   br   back   to   this   ge   stainless   steel   interior   is   wickedly   easy   to   clean ,   the   beep   tone   isn   t   obnoxious ,   and   the   heating   br   element   cooks   evenly .   br   just   perfect   in   all   ways   can   t   say   more   about   it .   br   thanks !
meh   too   small   and   too   heavy ,   but   works   as   expected .
five   stars   easy   to   install . looks   great .
five   stars   good   microwave .
for   easy   storage   and   use   bigger   than   i   thought   but   still   works   well   for   my   needs .   fits   right   under   my   bed ,   for   easy   storage   and   use .   definitely   a   perfect   space   saver   microwave .
fair   deal   the   danby   microwave   works   well ,   but   it   is   somewhat   flimsy .   i   ve   only   had   it   for   a   few   months   and   the   plastic   coating   on   the   keypad   is   already   bubbling   and   peeling .   however ,   the   microwave   cost   less   than   50 ,   so   for   the   price ,   it   s   a   fair   deal .
...   been   about   two   months   and   my   husband   and   i   love   this   microwave   it   has   been   about   two   months   and   my   husband   and   i   love   this   microwave .   we   have   plans   of   putting   it   in   our   new   island   as   a   built   in .   it   looks   great   and   works   really   well .   the   convection   feature   is   a   huge   bonus .   i   would   buy   again .
compact   microwave   have   only   had   it   about   a   month ,   but   so   far   so   good .   it   is   smaller   than   my   last   one ,   but   i   needed   something   that   would   fit   in   a   small   space   and   it   s   hard   to   find   compact   sized   microwaves .   i   just   use   it   for   warming   up   things   and   it   seems   to   be   doing   the   trick .
this   danby   model   is   perfect   for   that   i   wanted   a   small   microwave   to   heat   food   more   than   cook   it   in   the   first   place .   for   example ,   i   bake   a   large   casserole   in   my   oven ,   keep   it   in   the   fridge ,   then   later   heat   meal   sized   portions .   this   danby   model   is   perfect   for   that .   occasionally ,   i   ll   prepare   a   frozen   dinner   or   pizza   and   its   good   for   that   too   as   long   as   the   food   container   does   not   exceed   the   9   inch   or   so   interior   rotating   cooking   surface .   br   br   one   thing   to   be   aware   of ,   and   that   is   this   is   a   700   watt   microwave .   most   food   packages   show   microwave   times   for   1100   watt   microwaves .   this   means   you   must   cook   things   longer   with   700   watts .   no   problem   do   an   internet   search   for   34   microwave   700   watt   conversion   chart   34   and   you   ll   see   plenty   of   charts   you   can   print .   i   posted   one   i   printed   to   the   inside   of   a   cupboard   door   and   consult   it   when   i   need   to   convert   the   1100   cooking   time   shown   on   the   food   package   for   my   700   watt   danby .   example   4   minutes   at   1100   watts   shown   on   package   6   minutes   17   seconds   on   a   700   watt   microwave .   br   br   this   is   a   small   sized   unit   with   700   watts   of   power .   it   may   no   be   for   everyone .   however ,   it   meets   my   needs   exactly .   also ,   it   looks   and   performs   well .   i   have   had   no   problems   with   it .   i   m   a   satisfied   customer .
five   stars   took   off   rust   under   turntable   with   dremel   motto ,   br   then   applied   three   coats   ann   hour   apart   br   very   happy
five   stars   love   the   microwave .   it   works   great   and   adds   such   style   and   flare   to   our   kitchen .
can   t   go   wrong   with   this   microwave !   this   model   is   a   newer   version   of   one   that   we   had   for   many   years .   it   fits   perfectly   in   the   custom   cabinetry   that   we   have .   it   looks   great   and   functions   really   well .   we   re   very   happy   with   this   purchase ! !
five   stars   fantastic ,   love   this   little   bastard .   saves   my   counter   space   and   looks   great .
very   happy ,   looks   great   in   my   kitchen   and   easy   to   use .   installed   easily .   so   far   i   ve   baked   a   chocolate   cake   and   cookies   with   convection   method .   both   turned   out   perfect .   microwave   works   as   i   expected .
dandy   unit .   everything   we   wanted   in   a   microwave .   all   black   looks   better   than   just   black   face .   has   the   30   second   add   on   feature   which   we   both   like .   slides   around ,   but   that   can   be   remedied   with   non   slip   material .   has   a   nice   34   lip   34   at   bottom   so   can   be   clasped   while   pressing   buttons   or   starting   which   prevents   slipping   in   the   first   place .   great   price   for   product   but   time   will   tell   for   sure .
do   not   waste   your   time   or   money   on   danby   do   not   purchase   this   piece   of   crap !   danby   needs   to   learn   how   to   build   a   functional   appliance .
good   quality   so   far   i   like   this   microwave .   it   seems   like   good   quality   materials   and   also   well   put   together .   it   s   doing   a   great   job   efficiently   heating .
turntable   makes   a   weird   noise   and   continues   to   get   worse .   the   paint   has   chipped   off   and   now   metal   ...   i   purchased   this   microwave   and   have   had   problems   since   day   1 .   you   can   not   run   timer   and   microwave   at   the   same   time .   turntable   makes   a   weird   noise   and   continues   to   get   worse .   the   paint   has   chipped   off   and   now   metal   shows   through .   moisture   comes   out   of   top   of   the   micro   and   has   damaged   my   cabinet   above .   i   don   t   even   use   unless   i   have   to   until   i   can   find   another   one   to   replace   this   one .
i   would   of   like   more   selection   in   the   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for .   i   would   of   like   more   selection   in   the   color
will   not   work   in   otr   vehicles !   what   a   huge   waste   of   money !   we   bought   this   microwave   specifically   because   it   would   fit   into   the   little   compartment   of   my   husband   s   otr   truck .   we   ve   never   had   issues   getting   a   microwave   to   work   in   the   truck   before ...   and   to   make   matters   worse   when   my   husband   called   their   posted   phone   number   for   assistance   he   kept   getting   passed   around   from   one   um ,   i   don   t   know   person   to   the   next .   we   would   have   returned   the   microwave   if   he   hadn   t   already   put   it   in   the   truck   and   left   from   home   before   he   discovered   that   it   doesn   t   work   on   the   power   source   why   not ...   we   still   don   t   know   .   looks   like   he   puts   back   in   the   too   large   microwave   and   has   to   take   it   out   and   set   it   on   the   bunk   in   order   to   make   a   meal .   br   br   we   gave   it   a   2   because   it   is   the   perfect   size   and   it   does   work   if   you   want   to   use   it   in   a   house ,   but   for   some   reason   will   not   work   with   the   power   inverter   otr   trucks   use .
ok ,   but   some   options   are   limited   and   the   instructions   are   somewhat   obtuse .   works   fine ,   but   somewhat   lacking   in   some   features .   the   defrost   selection   begins   at   1   2   lbs ..   in   a   single   person   household ,   i   often   need   to   defrost   smaller   amounts .   i   buy   packages   of   pork   chops ,   vegetables ,   etc .   and   split   them   up   into   small   packages   and   freeze   them .   also ,   my   previous   microwave   had   a   30   second   time   add   feature   which   i   used   more   often   than   the   1   minute   add   feature   on   this   microwave .   one   minute   is   often   longer   than   i   need   and   if   30   seconds   is   too   short ,   i   could   always   push   it   more   than   once .   that   microwave   also   had   several   fan   speeds   and   light   options .   the   lower   fan   speeds   were   useful   when   i   didn   t   need   the   higher   speed   and   reduced   the   rather   irritating   high   speed   fan   noise .   these   restrictions   are   mostly   just   somewhat   irritating   and ,   overall ,   i   m   not   dissatisfied   with   the   unit .   i   also   found   the   installation   instructions   somewhat   difficult   to   follow .   mainly ,   i   had   a   few   parts   that   didn   t   seem   to   go   anywhere .   my   previous   unit   different   maker   only   lasted   4   years   which   was   a   disappointment ,   i   hope   this   one   lasts   longer .
five   stars   everything   was   perfect !
cheap   materials .   poor   quality .   spacers   between   door   handle   and   door   started   coming   apart   after   the   first   year .   very   poor   quality ,   brittle   plastic .   i   am   guessing   they   were   over   tightened   during   assembly .   can   not   buy   just   the   spacer   so   have   to   buy   the   handle   to   go   with   it ....   80   part   for   the   do   it   your   selfers .   dam   shame .   another   american   company   to   fall   victim   to   poor   quality .
gues   what   14   months   after   buying   it   happened   to   me   ...   gues   what   14   months   after   buying   it   happened   to   me   we   will   try   samsung   to   morrow   if   no   help   everthing   called   samsung   is   going   to   the   recycling   bin
four   stars   excelent   thanks
i   m   very   happy   with   this   purchase   was   drawn   to   this   one   after   reading   all   of   the   positive   reviews !   they   were   spot   on !   i   m   very   happy   with   this   purchase ! !
tremendous   heat   on   the   left   side   and   back .   dangerous !   this   gives   off   a   tremendous   amount   of   heat   on   the   left   side   and   the   back .   simply   touching   the   left   side   casually   after   it   completed   a   fast   heat   cycle   left   a   burn   on   my   forearm .   i   then   felt   around   the   unit   without   touching   and   found   the   right   side   cool   the   top   reasonably   so   and   the   back   burning   with   heat .   since   this   is   a   countertop   unit   and   the   side   will   be   exposed   in   most   applications   my   experience   is   that   this   unit   is   dangerous !   especially   if   you   have   children .   i   am   returning   it   immediately .
hard   to   use ,   if   it   works   at   all .   we   had   the   prior   model   of   ge   cafe   microwave ,   which   completely   died   after   3months .   it   was   like   pulling   teeth   to   get   ge   to   do   anything   about   it ,   however   they   finally   agreed   to   replace   it   if   i   paid   for   deliverer   and   installation .   we   went   two   months   without   a   microwave .   this   new   replacement   model   isn   t   much   better .   the   fake   metal   over   the   plastic   handle   started   peeling   off   after   a   week   and   the   display   dimmed .   they   did   replace   the   handle ,   but   they   said   they   can   t   do   anything   about   this   display   as   its   not   covered .   br   br   as   for   using   the   microwave ,   it   is   a   pain .   there   is   no   keypad ,   so   you   have   to   dial   in   all   of   the   time .   sometimes   you   press   the   dial   to   select   something ,   other   times   you   press   a   button .   it   is   not   intuitive   at   all   and   is   very   hard   to   use .   i   can   t   wait   for   it   to   completely   die   so   i   can   buy   a   different   brand .
five   stars   worked   great .   looks   like   a   new   microwave .
do   not   buy   this   microwave   this   has   to   be   the   worst   microwave   i   have   ever   purchased .   it   arrived   without   the   internal   clock ,   it   is   completely   missing ,   so   obviously   it   didn   t   function   out   of   the   box .   and   i   can   t   get   a   replacement   for   another   week ,   this   is   awful .   i   know   microwaves   are   just   a   convenience   but   having   just   moved   we   don   t   have   one   and   this   was   timed   to   arrive   just   in   time   for   our   new   home .   total   disappointment   in   both   the   product   and   amazon .
five   stars   nice   product   for   the   price .   delivered   quickly .
five   stars   awesome   microwave ,   seems   much   expensive   than   i   paid   for   it !
my   whirlpool   microwave ,   18   months   old ,   caught   on   ...   my   whirlpool   microwave ,   18   months   old ,   caught   on   fire .   i   tried   calling   whirlpool   once   and   was   told   i   would   get   a   call   back   from   someone   in   safety .   never   happened .   i   called   back ,   sat   on   hold   for   35   minutes ,   then   had   a   customer   service   rep   hang   up   on   me .   whirlpool   needs   to   be   held   accountable   for   this   faulty   product .   this   kind   of   product   and   customer   service   is   not   ok .   no   one   buy   this   product   whirlpool   wmc20005yw   it   is   a   safety   hazard ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i   need   a   better   finished   bottom   i   did   not   care   for   the   way   the   bottom   of   the   microwave   was   not   finished .   i   need   a   better   finished   bottom .   the   filter   on   the   bottom   does   not   fit   in   tightly   enough .
fits   exactly   as   the   other   reviewers   measured   it   fits   perfectly   under   my   cabinets   the   measurements   given   by   everyone   are   accurate !   i   was   terrified   this   would   blow   the   ancient   fuses   on   my   already   electrically   overtaxed   retro   apartment ,   but   it   runs   with   just   a   small   dimming   of   lights .   whew .   it   heats   nicely   and   is   quite   spacious .   the   only   annoying   thing   is   that   start   stop   are   the   same   button ,   but   34   cancel   34   is   a   tiny   button   near   the   top   of   the   panel .   so   often   i   go   to   clear   the   screen   from   leftover   time   and   end   up   starting   the   darn   thing   again .   i   am   used   to   cancel   stop   being   the   same   button !   i   ll   reprogram   myself .   in   the   meantime ,   i   love   it .   br   br   side   note   there   is   a   cardboard   y   thing   stuck   to   the   side   of   the   microwave   which   is   not   mentioned   in   the   other   reviews   or   in   the   manual   leave   it   there .   if   you   go   to   the   manufacturer   s   website ,   you   can   find   out   it   s   a   mica   panel   to   protect   a   vent .   it   s   tempting   to   toss   it   because   it   looks   out   of   place   with   the   rest   of   the   shiny   chrome ,   but   just   leave   it .
bought   along   with   the   ge   microwave   is   just   fine .   not   large   enough   to   fill   the   gap   in   ...   trim   kit ,   bought   along   with   the   ge   microwave   is   just   fine .   not   large   enough   to   fill   the   gap   in   the   kitchen   cabinets   since   it   is   replacing   the   large   size   ge   advantium   built   in   microwave .   had   to   get   cabinet   installer   to   fill   the   gaps   between   the   cabinetry   and   trim   kit .   looks   fine .   is   perfect   if   the   area   you   are   using   it   in   is   the   exact   same   size ,   so   watch   out   for   that .
a   very   nice   unit ,   but   not   much   power   this   is   a   very   slick   looking   unit ,   but   unfortunately   it   doesn   t   heat   things   up   fast   enough ,   probably   because   it   s   950   watts   instead   of   1100   like   many   others .   the   grill   feature   is   a   nice   addition ,   allowing   you   to   cook   items   you   normally   wouldn   t   cook   in   a   microwave .   cosmetically   it   s   a   treat   to   look   at ,   different   than   all   the   others   out   there .   you   can   see   the   food   inside   while   it   s   cooking ,   but   because   of   the   black   interior   it   s   not   as   easy   to   see   as   others .   the   front   is   all   plastic   stainless   it   s   not .   the   controls   are   nice ,   the   push   button   opener   is   easy ,   the   unit   is   relatively   quiet   while   cooking ,   and   overall   we   re   quite   pleased   with   it .   however ,   if   you   like   to   nuke   your   food   in   the   shortest   time ,   you   should   look   elsewhere .
works   great !   doesn   t   take   up   the   whole   counter   big   enough   for   a   plate   of   food .   works   great !   doesn   t   take   up   the   whole   counter .
three   stars   smaller   than   your   average   microwave
very   satisfied   great   price ,   1000   watts   works   perfect
i   would   have   given   it   five   stars   if   there   was   ...   i   would   have   given   it   five   stars   if   there   was   a   handle   on   the   door   to   grab   on   to   so   that   s   why   i   decided   to   give   four   stars .
one   star   does   not   work   will   be   sending   back
four   stars   fit   perfect   in   cupboard ,   nice   sleek   design .. easy   to   clean .. haven   t   used   the   grill   part   yet   but   expect   i   will   soon .
one   star   missing   the   turnable   shaft .   can   t   use   it   without   this   part .   will   alter   feedback   once   problem   is   resolved .
good   working   well   so   far   ,   good
not   recommended   unless   you   like   wasting   your   time   and   not   having   ...   unit   defective   upon   arrival ,   could   not   be   repaired   after   two   attempts   and   numerous   phone   calls   to   samsung .   not   recommended   unless   you   like   wasting   your   time   and   not   having   a   microwave   for   a   month   after   purchase .
five   stars   met   my   needs
don   t   waste   you   money   the   only   thing   it   did   was   cover   the   spots   .   when   i   turned   the   microwave   on   it   sparked .   i   had   waited   24   hours .   it   is   a   ge   mstainless   on   the   out   side .   wasn   t   cheap   and   was   a   gift .   suck   it   up   and   buy   a   new   one .
good   price   great   product   good   price   for   good   product   br   the   price   was   right   and   now   after   some   three   months   of   use ,   i   ve   not   had   any   problems   with   it
five   stars   the   paint   did   a   great   job .   would   buy   again .
five   stars   nice
value   for   monet   i   got   a   good   bargain   on   this .   looks   good   on   the   countertop .   though   small   in   size   with   limited   power ,   it   works   perfectly   well   and   serves   the   purpose .
good   smaller   microwave .   so   far ,   so   good .   i   ve   been   using   it   for   about   a   month ,   it   is   a   smaller   size   and   less   oppressive   in   my   small   kitchen .   intuitive   controls .   no   complaints .
very   nice   small   microwave   very   nice   small   microwave !   small   footprint   but   still   powerful   enough .   also   good   for   putting   it   on   a   higher   place   like   on   top   of   the   fridge   all   the   controls   are   at   the   bottom   part .
turn   table   motor   works   well .   only   problem ,   it   ...   turn   table   motor   works   well .   only   problem ,   it   only   reverses   counter   clock   wise   at   random .   doesn   t   automatically   reverse   direction   at   every   start .
great   design .   compact   and   efficient   great   design .   compact   and   efficient .   easy   to   use .
...   cook   and   reheating   and   it   does   both   jobs   just   fine .   we   have   only   used   for   quick   cook   and   reheating   and   it   does   both   jobs   just   fine .
five   stars   love   it !   just   as   described ,   works   great !
five   stars   e   z   fix   fit   perfectly ,   worked   great
awesome   on   all   points .   fantastic   microwave .   i   bought   it   to   replace   a   pos   ge   micro   that   failed   in   less   than   a   year .   very   powerful ,   very   intelligent   settings   and   very   attractive .
one   star   do   not   buy   this !
the   older   model   worked   fine   until   i   melted   it   with   a   small   kitchen   fire   ...   i   bought   this   unit   to   replace   an   older   lg   model   that   was   discontinued .   the   older   model   worked   fine   until   i   melted   it   with   a   small   kitchen   fire   naturally   the   one   time   i   disconnected   the   smoke   alarm   .   the   new   model   arrived   quickly .   i   got   a   friend   to   help   install   it .   you   ll   need   a   friend   it   s   too   heavy   for   you   to   hold   it   up   with   one   hand   while   you   screw   the   bolt   on   with   the   other .   br   br   i   gave   it   four   stars   in   my   initial   review   but   i   m   changing   it   to   one   star   because   after   only   a   couple   of   months ,   the   microwave   s   fan   and   interior   lights   would   go   on   sometimes   when   i   closed   the   oven   door .   but   if   i   opened   and   gently   closed   the   door   again ,   it   d   turn   off .   it   s   been   about   six   months   since   i   first   installed   this   oven   and   this   problem   is   becoming   frequent .   today ,   my   son   texts   me   from   home   that   the   microwave   won   t   turn   off   no   matter   what   he   does   so   i   told   him   to   leave   the   door   open   and   when   i   get   home   tonight ,   i   will   disconnect   it   so   it   doesn   t   burn   the   house   down .   a   microwave   oven   is   supposed   to   make   our   lives   more   convenient ,   not   fill   us   with   dread   that   it   can   start   an   electric   fire .   checking   on   the   internet ,   it   seems   that   this   is   not   an   uncommon   problem .   it   s   probably   not   going   to   be   covered   by   warranty .   and   how   do   i   get   it   to   the   manufacturer   they   aren   t   going   to   pay   a   repairman   to   make   a   housecall   for   a   lousy   microwave   oven .   if   i   pay   for   shpping   both   ways ,   i   might   as   well   buy   a   new   microwave .   lessons   learned   i   will   buy   appliances   from   a   brick   and   mortar   store   whose   return   service   policy   i   understand   and   i   will   not   use   an   over   the   range   microwave   again .
looks   and   works   great .   easygoing   to   read   key   board   .   looks   and   works   great .   easygoing   to   read   key   board   .
five   stars   works   as   advertised ! !
awesome !   my   old   microwave   is   going   strong !   planned   obsolete   is   no   longer   going   to   take   me   over .   paint   works   great .   prep   took   a   while   as   old   paint   may   not   like   the   new   paint   and   bubble .   so   prep !
five   stars   really   nice   fit   and   finish   stainless   interior   wipes   clean   get   it
fantastic ! ! !   perfect   size .   and   it   works   great .   br   i   love   it ..
have   had   the   microwave   for   about   a   month   nice   size   and   works   very   well   and   quiet   shipping   was   ...   have   had   the   microwave   for   about   a   month   nice   size   and   works   very   well   and   quiet   shipping   was   a   little   slow   due   to   being   out   of   stock   but   seems   to   be   a   good   product   made   her   in   usa   from   what   they   say   ....
perfect   !   this   is   exactly   what   i   was   looking   for   .   not   too   large   but   will   hold   a   dinner   plate   .   heats   food   well .   love   the   express   cook   feature ,   simply   push   1 , 2   ect   for   however   many   minutes   you   want ,   it   starts   ,   runs   till   finished .   also   like   the   fact   display   goes   back   to   clock   time   instead   of   saying   end   like   my   previous   one .   could   not   be   happier   .
don   t   waste   your   money .   loved   this   when   i   first   got   it ,   purchased   after   reading   really   great   reviews .   however ,   i   noticed   that   the   top   got   really   hot ,   and   several   weeks   after   purchase   it   got   so   hot   that   it   shut   itself   off !   this   didn   t   happen   again ,   so   i   kept   it ,   until   a   month   and   a   half   after   purchase   i   went   to   open   the   door   to   put   a   cup   of   coffee   in   and   the   top   part   of   the   handle   broke   saw   a   piece   of   plastic   shoot   across   my   counter .   i   am   returning   and   getting   another   brand   not   going   to   waste   my   money   on   another   of   these   cheap   pieces   of   equipment .
it   has   all   the   right   features   it   has   the   3   things   i   cared   about   a   light   that   goes   on   when   you   open   the   door ,   a   quick   one   touch   feature   30   seconds   plus   single   minutes ,   and   it   is   the   right   size   and   power   for   my   uses .
i   ve   only   had   this   about   4   months   but   so   far   ...   i   ve   only   had   this   about   4   months   but   so   far   it   works   very   well .   it   s   more   powerful   than   my   last   microwave .
junk   micro   and   junk   seller   absolute   piece   of   junk   from   an   unsavory   seller .   do   not   buy   this   microwave .   it   was   refurbished   and   i   didn   t   know .   the   cord   had   been   34   trimmed   34   by   the   previous   owner   so   it   could   fit   through   a   hole ,   quite   a   surprise .   didn   t   come   with   templates   to   install ,   had   to   buy   separate .   door   closes   way   too   hard   and   noisy .   br   br   and   now   it   s   dead   one   year   later !   i   had   my   previous   microwave   for   9   years .   br   br   total   junk .   wish   i   could   give   the   microwave   zero   stars .
looks   good   works   well   i   just   got   the   microwaves   yesterday   and   will   add   more   when   i   know   more .   but   so   far   it   is   good .   i   like   the   look   and   the   ease   of   use .   i   cannot   wait   to   try   the   grill   feature .   the   grill   feature   does   make   it   heavier ,   but   not   too   much .   also   when   comparing   microwaves   remember   to   look   at   the   wattage   as   this   is   a   bit   lower   than   some   and   so   cooking   times   will   be   a   bit   longer .
was   told   the   replacement   part   cost   165   for   smart   board   but   may   also   need   a   new   keypad   150   died   after   a   year ,   34   service   may   be   needed ,   keyboard   shorted   34   message   ,   was   told   the   replacement   part   cost   165   for   smart   board   but   may   also   need   a   new   keypad   150 .... never   again   with   ge   products .... buyers   beware   ! ! ! !
five   stars   works   great   for   the   price ! !
perfect   for   limited   counterpane   in   a   small   innovative   shape ,   perfect   for   limited   coutnerspace   in   a   small   apartment
so   far ...   ... it   s   been   very   good .   it   replaced   a   much   larger   unit   but   this   is   a   much   better   size .   different   controls   of   course   but   they   re   acceptable .   the   one   time   i   used   the   dinner   plate   feature ,   it   was   spot   on .   the   reason   i   knocked   off   one   star   considered   two   is   because   the   turntable   ring   and   plate   dislodge   easily   if   a   heavy   object   is   slid   across   or   not   centered   when   setting   down .
five   stars   i   like   how   it   doesn   t   allow   finger   prints
great   product   love   this   microwave !   perfect   size   for   our   office   counter ,   works   very   well   and   looks   nice .
cord   too   short   the   cord   isn   t   long   enough ,   so   i   have   to   pay   more   money   for   a   longer   cord .
nice   size .   solid ,   nice   size ... working   fine   so   far .   good   price   and   quick   service .
nice   microwave   for   a   good   price   this   is   a   very   nice   microwave   at   a   great   price !   i   wish   it   was   1 , 100   watts   instead   of   1 , 000 .   that   little   bit   does   make   a   difference !   the   only   thing   i   can   say   is   a   slight   negative   is   the   noise   on   start   up .   it   is   kinda   loud .   but   i   would   definitely   recommend   this   microwave !
five   stars   the   buttons   are   hard   to   push ,   but   otherwise ,   it   s   just   what   i   wanted .
does   the   job   i   like   the   performance   of   this   microwave .   it   was   bought   after   our   other   one   caught   on   fire .   it   fits   perfectly   on   the   counter   in   the   corner .   the   only   problem   with   it   is   the   button   for   the   door .   it   is   very   stiff   and   hard   to   push .   i   thought   it   was   just   me   but   my   husband   complained   about   the   same   thing .   it   s   not   enough   of   a   problem   for   it   to   be   returned .
five   stars   everything   as   expected .   installed   the   magnetron   and   diode   by   following   videos   on   youtube   and   everything   is   now   working   again .
samsung   customer   support   has   been   terrible .   this   is   not   the   first   time   i   have   ...   this   microwave   came   with   the   house   i   purchased   6   months   ago .   manufacture   date   is   nov   2013 .   it   stopped   working   for   no   reason .   no   error   message .   outlet   still   works .   samsung   customer   support   has   been   terrible .   this   is   not   the   first   time   i   have   a   problem   with   samsung   appliances .   only   thing   they   seem   to   do   right   are   tv   s .   i   recommend   buying   a   different   microwave .
five   stars   perfect   for   a   countertop .
good ,   cheap   microwave !   good ,   cheap   microwave !   i   was   able   to   tuck   this   into   a   cabinet   which   is   great ,   since   i   do   not   like   a   lot   of   clutter   on   the   counters .   no   complaints !   works   as   expected .   for   what   it   is ...   a   5   5   stars .
you   can   defrost   hamburger   on   the   stovetop   and   other   lessons   from   the   death   of   a   microwave   installed   in   new   home   less   than   18   months   ago   sharp   covers   their   products   for   one   year ... it   s   a   shame   i   didn   t   know   this   prior   to   buying   it .
i   can   t   speak   to   the   good   qualities   it   may   have   i   purchased   this   for   a   gift   and   didn   t   open   the   box .   the   recipient   informed   me   that   it   was   defective .   the   door   wouldn   t   close .   i   chose   to   have   it   repaired   locally ,   as   it   was   heavy   for   me   to   take   to   po .   needless   to   say ,   it   discourages   me   from   ordering   large   objects   through   amazon .   i   can   t   speak   to   the   good   qualities   it   may   have .   i   just   wish   the   quality   control   had   been   better .
love   the   microwave   perfect   fit .   i   went   to   several   appliance   stores   locally   telling   me   i   couldn   t   get   one   to   fit .   love   the   look   and   bot   microwave   and   convection   wok   great .
good   for   6   months ,   then   dead !   was   great   until   6   months   after   received .   it   just   stopped   working .   trying   to   contact   the   manufacture .   will   keep   you   posted   on   their   customer   service .
amana   1.5   cu   ft   over   range   microwave   great   product   at   a   good   price   and   easy   to   install .
and   it   would   also   be   nice   if   it   had   one   of   those   buttons   to   press   ...   had   it   for   a   while   now ,   so   far   no   malfunctions .   decent   size .   i   do   wish   it   was   a   little   quieter   the   beeps   are   very   loud ,   and   it   would   also   be   nice   if   it   had   one   of   those   buttons   to   press   to   just   add   30   seconds   to   the   current   timer   count ,   but   overall   pretty   good .
cheap   broke   in   less   then   60   days
good   stuff   entry   level ,   small   and   powerful .   was   here   in   2   days   with   prime .   best   way   ever   to   shop .   recommend   both   the   microwave   and   amazon   prime ! !
worked   great   until   the   door   broke ! !   bought   this   microwave   in   2011   to   replace   a   30   year   old   sharp   carousel   that   was   given   to   us   20   years   ago .   the   sharp   didn   t   heat   evenly ,   but   it   lasted   much   longer   than   this   one   did .   this   ge   microwave   looks   great   and   heats   fast   and   evenly   for   the   most   part   and   i   love   the   inverter   defroster !   but   it   is   impossible   to   make   good   popcorn ,   no   matter   what   settings   i   use   it   always   ends   up   with   lots   of   unpopped   kernels   and   some   of   it   burned .   i   wish   the   door   closure   was   designed   better .   as   with   most   modern   day   products ,   the   plastic   parts   just   don   t   hold   up   to   everyday   use .   it   currently   only   works   if   you   slam   the   door   hard .   i   have   a   feeling   that   its   days   are   numbered   and   i   won   t   be   replacing   it   with   another   ge   microwave ! !
not   for   the   inverter   use .   if   you   want   to   use   on   your   truck ,   this   is   not   the   one .   i   bought   for   my   father   in   law   s   truck .   in   terms   of   its   size ,   it   was   perfect   fit   for   the   truck   with   inverter   built   in   but   as   other   people   described ,   it   s   not   working   properly   with   the   inverter .   i   think   it   will   work   normally   with   normal   ac   but   not   through   the   inverter .   the   inverter   was   rated   as   1500w .   so   50   inexpensive   microwave   works   better   than   this   one .   i   had   to   return   it .  
very   high   value   for   a   small   kitchen   area .   perfect   for   my   needs   compactness ,   appearance   and   performance   .   a   very   high   quality   product .
you   can   find   better   products   in   the   store   at   lower   prices   very   small .   you   can   find   better   products   in   the   store   at   lower   prices .
disappointed   looks   good ,   only   worked   a   week .   first   timer   would   work   but   no   heating   occurred ,   next   dy   everything   looked   like   it   was   good   lit   up ,   revolving ,   timer   working   but   food   temp   was   not   changing .   cancelled   replacement   and   have   not   been   refunded .
covered   well   prep   was   most   work   one   can   did   the   ...   covered   well   prep   was   most   work   br   br   one   can   did   the   entire   cavity
great   little   micro   adorable   and   it   works   great .   not   as   powerful   as   my   old   one   but   the   added   counter   space   more   than   makes   up   for   it .   my   covered   corningware   fit   in   it   perfectly   but   my   plates   don   t .   a   standard   11   34   plate   fits   mine   are   11.5 .   not   a   big   deal   for   me   but   if   you   reheat   on   plates   you   should   measure   them .
run !   i   have   one   of   these   guys   in   my   kitchen   and   i   hate   it .   it   is   mediocre   in   performance   and   louder   than   your   average   landscaper   s   leaf   blower .   thanks ,   but   no   thanks !
frigidaire   is   the   absolute   worst   kitchen   appliance   brand   in   the   world ! ! ! ! !   i   purchased   a   recently   updated   condo   built   in   1969 .   all   the   kitchen   appliances   were   purchased   in   2012   and   unfortunately   all   of   them   were   frigidaire .   not   even   3   months   into   living   in   the   condo   and   the   microwave   died .   all   the   keys   of   the   control   panel   won   t   work .   i   just   called   to   get   someone   to   look   at   it   and   they   charge   80   just   for   an   estimate .   a   new   microwave   is   200.00   but   after   reading   all   these   reviews ,   i   will   buy   anything   but   frigidaire .   i   never   had   any   appliances   from   this   brand   before   in   any   of   my   homes   and   now   i   know   why .   total   waste   of   money .
five   stars   compact ,   stylish   and   very   efficient .   wish   it   was   all   stainless   steel .
first   time   i   ve   purchased   an   appliance   through   amazon .   they   ...   first   time   i   ve   purchased   an   appliance   through   amazon .   they   delivered   it   on   it   s   side   for   some   reason   i   guess   the   arrow   pointing   up   was   confusing   but   it   works   nonetheless .
this   microwave   is   fantastic .   it   fits   into   the   corner   of   the   countertop   ...   this   microwave   is   fantastic .   it   fits   into   the   corner   of   the   countertop   which   i   consider   the   dead   space .   i   am   unable   to   reach   most   things   placed   in   this   space   but   the   microwave   is   perfect .   i   have   more   counter   space .   i   would   rate   the   performance   a   15   out   of   10   because   it   s   so   great .
five   stars   as   advertised
microwave   it   is   a   fine   microwave   but   i   am   not   that   happy   with   it .
not   recommended   for   anyone   who   is   looking   for   fast   action   product   working   but   you   need   to   set   extra   time   to   get   your   food   warm   up .   what   i   normally   warm   up   in   30   seconds   when   i   had   ge   microwave   oven   now   takes   1   minutes   and   30   seconds   to   warm .   i   could   have   return   it   but   i   don   t   want   amazon   to   tag   me   as   product   return   guy !   not   recommended   for   anyone   who   is   looking   for   fast   action   product !
five   stars   good   value   for   money .   satisfied
moderately   priced   microwave   fits   into   my   cabinet   space   perfectly ,   glass   rotating   plate   does   not   shift   as   my   other   microwave   did .   a   good   deal
great   like   it   very   much   heats   evenly   and   easy   to   use .
five   stars   very   good   works   great
doesn   t   work .   i   loved   the   price   on   this   microwave .   so   did   my   90   year   i   ll   grandfather .   we   bought   it   and   he   was   excited   to   have   back   the   way   he   can   cook   most   of   his   meals .   sadly   though ,   half   of   the   button   do   not   work .   he   can   not   set   the   clock   or   defrost ...   i   offered   to   try   and   return   it ,   but   he   needs   it   to   cook ,   and   it   can   do   that   i   guess .   but   i   don   t   recommend   this   product   at   all .
big   and   bigger   very   large   and   over   priced !   what   happened   to   the   small   cube   microwave  
exciting !   the   unit   burst   into   flames   at   the   rear ,   right   shelf   support ,   after   18   months   of   service .   i   was   warming   a   cup   of   coffee .   br   stay   safe   and   don   t   buy   this   item .
broke   after   barely   any   use .   it   quit   working   one   month   after   the   date   i   could   return   it .   i   had   been   out   of   town   for   6   weeks   after   i   bought   it   so   it   was   barely   used .
five   stars   very   nice   and   useful   product
five   stars   got   it   quickly   it   works   great
one   star   terrible   product ,   broke   down   after   one   month   of   light   use ..
1.5   years   later ,   it   caught   on   fire   i   love   ge .   i   m   an   energy   star   freak .   then   tonight ,   1.5   years   after   i   ve   moved   into   my   brand   new   house   with   brand   new   appliances ,   this   microwave   caught   on   fire   while   popping   popcorn   using   the   popcorn   button .   the   popcorn   was   fine ...   but   the   entire   top   of   my   microwave   has   melted   into   gross   plastic   blobs .   thank   god   i   was   paying   attention .
five   stars   it   is   just   the   right   size ,   it   doesn   t   crowd   the   space !
good   for   the   price   for   its   price   it   s   a   good   little   microwave .   it   does   slide   when   i   try   to   open   it   since   it   s   very   lightweight   and   doesn   t   have   any   rubber   feet .   the   inside   is   smaller   than   i   m   used   to ,   but   i   knew   that   when   i   purchased   it .   i   was   looking   for   small   to   fit   in   a   smaller   space .   i   don   t   use   it   to   really   cook   only   reheat   so   it   totally   meets   my   needs .   i   only   gave   it   4   stars   because   it   slides   across   the   counter   when   i   open   the   door .   hopefully ,   i   can   add   some   rubber   feet   to   stop   this .
stylish   but   not   reliable ,   poor   customer   service   as   experienced   by   many   others   several   samsung   appliances   looked   interesting   features   appearances   when   we   were   upgrading   our   appliances .   then   i   found   a   problem   after   diving   into   the   customer   reviews   the   overall   ratings   are   good ,   but   for   customers   who   give   them   low   rates   have   catastrophic   failures ,   e . g .   smoking   induction   ranges ,   more   than   other   brands .   we   decided   to   stay   away   from   samsung   brand   for   our   major   purchases .   as   we   got   most   of   our   appliances   sorted   out ,   we   still   need   a   microwave .   this   one ,   again ,   looked   interesting .   i   thought   ok   how   bad   can   it   be   its   neither   too   heavy   nor   too   expensive ,   let   s   take   a   risk   on   this   one .   but   i   was   wrong .   long   story   short ,   after   one   month ,   the   turntable   starts   to   make   noise .   after   3   repair   attempts   over   several   weeks ,   we   were   left   with   the   turntable   not   turning   at   all .   to   add   to   the   insult ,   these   3   repair   attempts   don   t   even   register   in   samsung   s   system ,   so   even   if   the   lemon   law   is   more   and   more   applicable   to   my   case ,   i   would   have   trouble   claiming   it .   based   what   i   found   after   taking   apart   of   our   broken   samsung   tv ,   i   think   the   company   put   too   much   emphasis   on   using   their   own   components ,   and   some   of   them   are   not   very   good .   that   could   be   why   we   are   seeing   a   pattern   of   reliability   problems   across   its   product   lines .
perfect   for   me !   i   love   this   little   microwave !   i   previously   owned   a   large   panasonic   1250w   monster   that   was   awesome ,   however ,   after   it   unceremoniously   died   after   only   a   couple   of   years ,   i   was   looking   for   something   that   wouldn   t   quiet   eat   up   so   much   counter   space .   after   coming   across   this   one ,   i   was   a   tad   reluctant   to   pull   the   trigger   on   this   little   guy   for   a   couple   of   reasons   1   what   if   it   was   actually   too   small   2   it   didn   t   have   the   crazy   power   of   my   last   one   i   m   impatient .   alas ,   i   bit   the   bullet   have   been   very   happy   with   it   ever   since !   i   ve   realized   that   i   never   actually   cook   dishes   in   the   microwave   totally   not   counting   late   night   easy   mac   liaisons   ,   so   it   s   actually   perfect   for   me   for   heating   up   leftovers ,   making   popcorn ,   heating   up   water ,   etc .   i   was   pleasantly   surprised   that   even   with   less   power   than   my   last ,   i   still   don   t   feel   like   i   am   waiting   any   longer   to   get   my   food   hot .   it   was   a   little   weird   not   having   a   number   pad   to   select   a   specific   time   for   about   a   day   now   it   s   no   big   deal   at   all .   i   usually   just   press   the   start   button   a   few   times ,   getting   the   time   up   to   whatever   i   want   it   to   be   let   it   go .   i   would   highly   recommend   this   microwave   for   anyone   who   has   similar   usage   as   i ,   as   well   as   someone   who   wants   to   free   up   some   room   in   a   small   kitchen .
short   lived   was   extremely   happy   with   the   performance   of   this   oven   while   it   worked ,   however   after   only   4   months   of   moderate   usage   it   stopped   working   completely   it   made   a   loud   droning   sound ,   followed   by   the   smell   of   electrical   burning ,   and   then   would   no   longer   would   heat   up   anything .   i   would   also   note   that   the   mechanism   to   open   the   door   is   annoying   it   is   located   under   the   control   panel   and   it   would   be   better   to   have   it   on   the   door   handle .
good   quality   arrived   in   well   conditon ,   good   quality   product
five   stars   it   works
very   low   quality   we   have   had   this   microwave   for   2   months .   it   makes   the   scariest   noises ,   like   there   is   metal   in   it   but   there   is   not .   the   plate   also   does   not   spin   properly .   very   low   quality .   go   with   a   brand   you   trust !
i   love   it   however   i   had   to   return   it   and   repair   ...   i   love   it   however   i   had   to   return   it   and   repair   my   old   one   as   the   door   hinge   did   not   allow   for   flush   placement   on   left   side ,   as   its   in   a   rv   and   thats   the   way   rv   mfg   installed   it
great   microwave ,   for   a   super   price   we   love   our   new   microwave !   i   have   absolutely   nothing   negative   to   say   about   this   machine .   it   works   great ,   and   was   delivered   speedily .   thank   you ,   danby ,   for   an   affordable   microwave   that   really   works   well !
very   good   paint   ii   had   the   same   problem   that   many   people   do   with   the   ge   caf   eacute   microwave .   the   paint   was   peeling   off   after   a   couple   of   years   and   ge   would   not   stand   behind   their   product   so   i   bought   this   paint   and   masked   off   the   interior   s   good   areas   sanded   and   prepped   and   cleaned   real   well   and   sprayed   a   couple   of   coats .   sprayed   really   nicely ,   covered   well ,   not   easy   to   run   unless   you   really   squirted   in   one   place   for   too   long .   dried   quickly ,   minimum   odor ,   nice   sheen   looks   like   new .   this   was   a   good   fix   although   i   think   it   s   probably   temporary   because   the   product   problem   was   endemic   to   the   unit   and   will   probably   continue   to   flake   off   but   i   m   hoping   that   using   this   bought   me   a   couple   more   years .   the   product   came   quickly   and   i   was   very   happy .   i   would   only   wish   that   there   was   a   little   bit   more   in   the   can   but   for   what   it   s   advertised   for   it   s   perfect .
three   stars   there   were   some   issues   about   the   exact   measurements .   other   than   that   it   fit   well .
nice   looking   microwave   nice   looking   microwave .   basic   features ,   no   30   seconds   key ,   but   no   big   deal .   the   only   complaint   that   i   have   is   after   it   finishes ,   it   will   constantly   beep   until   you   open   the   door   or   hit   any   key ,   otherwise   it   will   keep   beeping   3   times   forever   every   30   seconds .
don   t   even   think   about   it   this   was   bought   as   an   emergency   replacement   for   a   wonderful   sharp   combo   oven .   the   convection   circulating   fan   had   failed ,   and   there   was   no   time   to   have   it   repaired .   the   fan   motor   simply   needed   to   be   replaced .   the   microwave   function   still   worked   perfectly ,   but   i   needed   the   convection   oven   for   holiday   baking .   it   was   just   before   thanksgiving   and   i   couldn   t   find   a   replacement   of   the   the   sharp   locally ,   and   no   time   for   an   on   line   order .   br   br   i   found   this   samsung   locally ,   and   it   looked   like   it   would   fill   the   bill .   it   did   save   me   from   holiday   disaster ,   but   i   ve   been   far   from   pleased   with   it .   you   have   to   memorize   ridiculous   sequences   of   the   controls   that   offer   you   only   numbers   as   feedback   so   the   manual   near   at   hand   is   essential .   it   will   only   accept   two   entries   for   sequence   cooking   i   used   three   much   of   the   time   in   the   sharp   for   extraordinary   results   cooking   rice   and   polenta .   now   i   have   to   enter   the   first   two   stages ,   then   the   third   after   the   first   two   are   finished .   br   br   the   temperature   of   the   convection   mode   is   incredibly   erratic   i   set   200   degrees   and   when   i   checked   the   oven   temperature   during   cooking   it   was   at   350 .   today   i   set   it   at   400   the   maximum   and   it   never   got   above   350 .   i   think   the   control   circuit   board   is   failing   because   i   looked   at   the   clock   when   it   was   6   12   and   the   oven   clock   read   10   something .   i   reset   the   clock ,   then   looked   at   it   this   evening   at   around   8   30   and   it   read   1   something .   br   br   the   only   good   thing   about   the   appliance   is   that   the   beeper   can   be   shut   off .   i   hate   those   electronic   beeps .   as   far   as   i   m   concerned   samsung   should   stick   to   making   phones   and   not   try   to   produce   products   they   don   t   have   enough   concern   about   to   do   well .   i   will   avoid   the   brand   for   appliances .
works   great   better   than   what   s   available   at   sears ,   works   great ,   easy   installation   i   didn   t   like   the   black   center   as   it   doesn   t   match   our   kitchen ,   but   for   the   price   i   m   living   with   it ...  
mositure   gets   trapped   and   cause   bad   smell .   microwave   functions   as   expexted   but   the   inside   smells   bad .   i   think   it   s   because   the   steam   from   food   gets   trapped   inside .   after   some   use ,   i   can   see   that   the   door   has   moisture   droplets .   i   think   this   is   what   cause   the   bad   smell .   my   old   microwave   of   ten   years   never   had   this   problem .   with   this   one ,   i   have   to   leave   the   door   open   after   use ,   and   have   to   clean   the   inside   frequently .   i   didnt   have   to   do   any   of   these   for   my   old   one .   will   not   recommend   this   microwave .
five   stars   this   kit   fixed   my   microwave   and   it   arrived   before   the   weekend .
worked   great   but   now   door   won   t   close   right   so   it   doesn   t   work .   worked   great   for   a   year   or   so   and   now   the   door   won   t   close   properly   so   have   to   get   a   new   one .   i   expected   better   quality   out   of   a   microwave   this   expensive .
excellent   excellent   microwave   and   excellent   convection   oven   combined   in   one   compact   unit .
great   appliance .   works   great   not   loud   at   all   and   small   enough   for   my   small   kitchen .   affordable   price   and   shipping   was   fast .
ok   but   little   really   short   from   top   to   bottom   lots   will   not   fit .   that   is   probably   my   fault   measurements   are   probably   in   the   description .   but ,   the   glass   round   tray   comes   out   every   time   we   use   it ,   and   it   very   hard   to   put   back   in   to   rotate   properly .
five   stars   worked   perfectly .   no   issues   and   fast   shipping .
fire   hazard   i   ve   only   had   it   for   around   2   months   and   it   s   starting   to   automatically   come   on   when   i   close   the   door .   the   stop   button   doesn   t   turn   it   off .   i   have   to   open   it   and   close   the   door   until   it   shuts   off   or   it   automatically   turns   off .
but   it   delivered   good   results .   i   think   it   met   and   exceeded   my   expectation . you   need   atleast   2   to   paint   the   entire   microwave   2   layer   . i   am   new   to   this   .. but   it   delivered   good   results . thanks
nice   size .   my   niece   was   thrilled   with   the   microwave   being   delivered   to   her   door .   nice   size ... works   great !
maybe   i   got   a   lemon   the   microwave   did   a   good   job   of   heating ,   but   had   enough   problems   that   i   sent   it   back   after   4   days .   br   1 .   it   blew   the   circuit   breaker ,   which   had   held   up   to   other   microwaves   of   similar   power   for   years .   br   2 .   when   starting ,   it   made   a   worrisome   bumping   noise .   br   3 .   the   spindle   rotating   the   plate   often   made   a   grinding   sound .   br   br   amazon   ups   get   5   stars   for   making   it   easy   to   return .
great   appliance   we   bought   this   unit   for   a   remodeled   high   end   kitchen .   i   has   been   installed   for   approximately   six   months   and   we   are   extremely   happy   with   our   purchase .   no   issues   whatsoever .   i   love   the   easy   automatic   open   close   feature   and   not   having   to   bend   down   to   put   items   in   the   microwave .   the   unit   holds   much   larger   plates   and   platters   than   i   was   able   to   put   in   my   former   microwave ,   which   is   really   nice .   it   also   has   many   useful   features   such   as   a   sensor   that   can   tell   how   much   an   item   needs   to   be   heated   to   be   ready .   as   this   was   part   of   a   kitchen   remodel   i   simply   told   the   product   number   to   our   kitchen   cabinet   company   and   they   made   the   cabinets   such   that   it   would   fit   in   perfectly   as   a   built   in .   the   item   fits   in   well   with   our   suite   of   other   stainless   steel   appliances .   no   complaints .   i   highly   recommend .
fantastic   microwave   fabulous   oven ,   great   price ,   so   easy   to   use !   really   glad   i   found   this   have   the   4.4   cu   ft   all   refrigerator   on   it   s   way   too !
works   great !   sorry   for   the   delay   works   great !   sorry   for   the   delay   i   just   got   my   microwave   working   today   2   25   15   .   i   was   not   certain   if   it   was   the   magnetron   and   diode   causing   the   problem ,   but   since   the   magnetron   in   my   oven   was   10   years   old ,   i   figured   that   might   be   the   problem .   however   after   installing   the   new   kit   my   general   electric   jem31wa   002   was   still   not   functioning .   so ,   i   ordered   new   door   switches   and   after   checking   my   old   oven   switches   i   learned   that   the   34   bottom   34   normally   open   door   switch   was   not   functioning .   so ,   i   changed   it   out ,   and   34   voila ,   34   my   microwave   is   functioning   perfectly !   it   took   some   time ,   but   it   is   worth   it !   i   don   t   regret   changing   out   the   magnetron   and   diode   as   my   old   ones   were   probably   on   their   way   out ,   anyway !   i   had   not   troubleshot   the   old   magnetron   tube .   if   they   are   still   in   working   order ,   perhaps   i   can   use   them   again ,   later !   my   most   gracious   thanks   go   out   to   martin   microwave   inc .   and   amazon   product   works   very   well   indeed !
one   star   very   small   and   very   low   power .   takes   forever   to   heat   anything   up .
very   nice   microwave .   i   only   use   it   to   reheat   things   very   nice   microwave .   i   only   use   it   to   reheat   things .   size   is   nice ,   does   not   take   up   much   counterspace .
cute ,   affordable   and   durable ..   just   weaker   wattage   ...   cute ,   affordable   and   durable ..   just   weaker   wattage   than   any   microwave   i   ve   used .   also   doesn   t   fit   a   standard   size   dinner   plate .
the   machine   is   attractive   and   is   performing   within   the   range   ...   the   machine   is   attractive   and   is   performing   within   the   range   of   all   advertised   claims   and   meets   expectations .   the   control   logic   is   intuitive   and   practical .
great   for   microwave   purposes   great   for   microwave   purposes ,   looks   great   and   easy   to   clean .   grilling ,   didn   t   seem   to   work   well   as   shown .   maybe   practice   makes   purpose .   dont   throw   away   the   instructions   if   you   want   to   try   other   cooking   methods .
very   disappointed !   purchased   our   samsung   otr   smh1816   microwave   in   2012 .   worked   well   for   about   24   months .   more   than   1   problem   with   this   particular   model .   from   the   beginning   the   light   continually   34   blew   34   .   used   the   proper   watt   microwave   bulb   and   even   used   a   lesser   watt   microwave   bulb .   only   1   time   able   to   34   unscrew   34   the   bulb .   always   broke   from   the   base .   had   to   turn   power   off   each   time   changing   it   for   safety .   about   6   months   ago   began   making   strange   noises   and   then   started   to   34   over   cook   34   items .   burned   popcorn .   got   hotter   than   usual .   i   kept   an   eye   on   it   for   those   34   now   and   then   34   burning   problems .   3   days   ago   i   opened   the   door   to   put   something   in   it   and   it   came   on !   scary   and   dangerous ! ! !   closed   the   door   quickly .   opened   again   and   it   started   again .   pushed   the   stop   button ... kept   running !   closed   the   door   and   it   stopped !   this   happened   several   times .   sometimes   it   started   with   door   opened   and   sometimes   not .   we   had   no   recourse   but   to   purchase   another   microwave .   very   disappointed   in   this   product .   we   have   been   fans   of   samsung   electronics   but   now   wonder   if   samsung   deserves   our   positive   response .
noisy   and   hard   to   open   but   i   needed   a   smaller   ...   noisy   and   hard   to   open   but   i   needed   a   smaller   microwave   with   a   somewhat   higher   wattage .   the   wattage   isn   t   quite   what   is   advertised   but   okay .
not   worth   it .   we   purchased   a   home   in   2013   with   this   already   installed .   the   original   owners   had   to   get   it   repaired   once .   since   it   doesn   t   have   a   turn   table ,   it   does   not   heat   food   evenly   and   it   creates   hot   spots   on   dishes .   i   have   broken   3   very   expensive   hand   made   dinner   plates   due   to   the   hot   spots   on   the   stoneware .   i   ve   had   the   plates   for   15   years   with   no   issues .   i   did   buy   a   30   turntable   from   amazon   to   help ,   but   this   microwave   is   not   worth   it .   we   still   use   our   old   sharp   countertop   convention   microwave   and   prefer   it   over   this   one .   also ,   sometimes   you   have   to   let   the   drawer   open   all   the   way   before   you   can   shut   it ,   which   can   be   annoying .
the   largest   smallest   microwave   really   great   microwave .   since   living   in   an   apartment   in   nyc   meant   small   kitchen   space ,   we   needed   something   to   fit   accordingly .   this   microwave   was   the   largest   smallest   microwave !   perfect   for   our   usage   simple ,   functional   and   good   value .   this   microwave   is   rather   quiet   love   that   the   beeping   noise   ends   after   a   few   distinct   beeps .   my   old   microwaves   beeps   forever .   br   br   easy   setup ,   easy   usage   and   easy   clean   up .
great   for   small   kitchens !   love   this   microwave !   i   have   limited   space   in   my   kitchen ,   it   slides   perfectly   in   the   corner !
do   not   purchase   try   a   different   brand .   i   bought   this   in   august   and   it   shorted   out   in   february .   it   was   nice   while   it   lasted   but   has   a   dangerous   flaw .   do   yourself   a   favor   and   look   elsewhere .
five   stars   one   of   the   best   micro   waves   i   ever   had
adequate   for   intended   use   larger   footprint   than   expected   for   such   a   small   microwave .   appears   to   be   functional   enough .
i   love   this   microwave   i   love   this   microwave .   i   only   require   quick   reheating   or   a   baked   potato   every   once   in   awhile .   it   s   the   perfect   size !
five   stars   love   my   new   microwave .   it   looks   great   and   works   great   too .   love   not   having   the   microwave   on   the   counter !
five   stars   great   service ,   very   good   for   a   small   and   compact   microwave .   very   reasonable   price
amazing   for   the   price   heats   fast .   reliable .   amazing   for   the   price !
good   quality   product   and   good   price   good   quality   product   and   good   price .   the   button   to   open   microwave   door   is   very   hard   to   push ,   i   m   sure   it   will   get   easier   with   use .
looks   100   better   in   person   and   much   bigger   delivery   was   on   time   the   microwave   look   great   more   better   then   the   picture   and   very   good   size   very   happy   with   this   microwave
didn   t   work !   i   got   the   product   out   of   the   box   and   it   doesn   t   work .   it   will   do   everything   but   heat   up   inside .   i   need   to   ship   it   back   but   between   work   and   school   there   s   no   time .   i   will   just   ask   for   my   money   back .
it   probably   works   better   than   the   oster   ogb8902   b0   i   never   got   this   item   even   though   i   examined   it   and   placed   and   order   for   it   of   wehich   i   cancelled ,   it   probably   works   better   than   the   oster   ogb8902   b0.9   that   i   got   instead   but   has   electronic   problems .
five   stars   good   product ,   stainless   inside   is   easy   to   clean   with   rounded   corners .   designed   well .
three   stars   good   value   for   basic   microwave
a   bit   noisy   when   running   and   the   box   and   unit   ...   a   bit   noisy   when   running   and   the   box   and   unit   was   damaged   in   shipping ,   though   not   affecting   functioning .   holding   up   well   at   the   moment .
item   arrived   damaged .   at   that   point   return   of   item   ...   item   arrived   damaged .   at   that   point   return   of   item   became   a   issue .
five   stars   very   simple   to   operate   for   my   grandmother .
saves   buying   a   new   microwave .   looks   good ,   and   seems   to   be   holding   up   a   couple   of   months   later .
great   buy !   i   gotta   say ...   this   microwave   looks   slick   in   my   kitchen .   nice   led   display ...   sleek   metal   samsung   look ...   goes   nice   with   my   new   samsung   washer   and   dryer   set   also   works   great   and   the   controls   are   laid   out   intuitively !
broken   twice   in   two   years   this   microwave   has   broken   twice   in   the   past   two   years .   first   was   a   transformer   that   i   replaced .   now   the   item   sparks   like   crazy .   would   not   recommend .
five   stars   decent   size   and   good   finishing .   works   great !
terrible .   had   for   2   years   and   the   curcuit   board   ...   terrible .   had   for   2   years   and   the   curcuit   board   went .   causes   power   surges .   need   to   replace   instead   of   repair .
more   than   a   cosmetic   paint   i   had   a   small   paint   chip   on   the   inside   that   would   spark   because   bare   metal   was   exposed .   a   couple   of   coats   of   this   paint   saved   the   day .   it   has   a   use   that   is   far   more   than   cosmetic .   it   saved   me   about   175   because   i   did   not   have   to   buy   a   replacement   microwave   of   similar   quality   because   i   did   not   trust   using   a   paint   that   was   not   microwave   friendly .
four   stars   good   unit   but   a   rough   sound   when   operating .
i   had   also   purchased   an   lg   side   by   side   refrigerator   which   i   hate   but   it   works   obviously   i   had   not   read   reviews   of   this   microwave   or   i   would   never   have   purchased .   installed   this   microwave   in   a   second   home   that   we   visited   about   every   two   months   or   so   for   a   week   or   two .   this   microwave   was   not   used   very   much   until   we   moved   permanently   3   months   ago .   oven   started   making   strange   noises   about   two   weeks   ago .   noises   have   now   intensified   so   i   called   lg .   their   respond   was   you   re   out   of   warranty   but   we   think   the   turntable   might   be   your   problem .   we   ll   send   you   over   to   parts   where   you   can   purchase   that   part .   honestly   never   had   a   microwave   problem   with   a   turntable   even   in   the   cheapest   tabletop   models .   as   far   as   i   m   concerned   lg   does   not   care   about   their   customers   and   instead   of   telling   me   i   need   to   purchase   that   part ,   which   might   not   even   be   the   problem ,   they   should   have   just   sent   me   the   part   free   of   charge .   home   depot   is   going   to   work   with   me   on   this   since   i   purchased   appliance   from   them .   i   was   not   aware   there   had   been   a   fire   issue   and   will   now   be   watching   and   careful .   i   also   agree   with   other   reviewers   that   this   appliance   is   extremely   loud .   and   lastly ,   this   is   my   first   and   last   lg   product .   i   had   also   purchased   an   lg   side   by   side   refrigerator   which   i   hate   but   it   works ...   so   have   to   continue   using .
wonderful   finish !   glad   i   made   the   purchase   and   saved   myself   from   buying   a   new   microwave .   wow   my   microwave   looks   like   new !   this   paint   is   very   high   quality   and   covers   very   well .   i   needed   only   1   coat   but   did   3   coats   just   to   use   up   the   can   because   if   i   ever   need   to   paint   this   old   thing   again ,   its   probably   gonna   be   time   for   replacement .
excellent   microwave !   we   had   very   limited   counter   top   space   ...   excellent   microwave !   we   had   very   limited   counter   top   space   and   didn   t   want   to   take   up   a   lot   of   that   precious   space   with   a   full   size   microwave   oven .   this   product   fit   the   bill   perfectly .   it   s   been   working   great   for   several   months   now ,   no   complaints   at   all !
i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   a   year   and   am   pleased   and   have   no   problem   until   a   few   days   ago   i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   a   year   and   am   pleased   and   have   no   problem   until   a   few   days   ago .   that   was   when   i   was   cleaning   the   bottom   of   the   drawer   from   food   that   was   stuck   on .   i   made   the   mistake   of   putting   too   much   water   in   the   drawer   using   a   wet   sponge .   i   turns   out   that   the   bottom   of   the   drawer   is   not   really   sealed   for   thin   liquids   i   doubt   if   food   would   get   thru   the   bottom   of   the   drawer   .   anyway   shortly   after   i   cleaned   it   the   drawer   wouldn   t   go   in   or   out .   it   turned   out   that   water   had   leaked   thru   the   bottom   of   the   drawer   and   found   it   s   way   to   the   motor   that   controls   the   door   the   motor   was   burned   out   and   had   to   be   replaced   under   warranty .   it   took   the   repairman   a   month   to   get   the   parts   bad   . it   was   my   fault   but   it   could   have   been   designed   better   to   seal   the   drawer   totally .   so   do   not   let   a   lot   of   liquid   get   on   the   bottom   of   the   drawer   as   i   did ..   i   also   strongly   recommend   getting   an   extended   warranty   things   like   this   with   a   mechanical   component   will   fail   well   before   the   electronics   fails   . also   it   s   ridiculous   that   it   took   the   repair   man   a   month   to   get   the   parts .
never   again ...   arrived   damaged   and   needed   to   use   immediately ...
meh   this   microwave   is   whatever .   it   heats   up   your   food ,   but   that   s   about   all   it   has   going   for   it .   the   bottom   three   numbers   don   t   work .   they   never   have   since   i   bought   it .   also ,   the   paint   is   already   chipping   on   the   bottom   inside .   it   s   really   compact   though ,   so   it   s   a   good   choice   if   you   have   limited   counter   space .
custom   looking   built   in   microwave   that   works   great !   i   purchased   this   drawer   microwave   from   amazon   for   a   new   custom   designed   kitchen   we   were   installing   in   our   home .   my   wife   couldn   t   understand   why   i   wanted   it   because   she   had   never   seen   one   before   and   didn   t   think   the   whole   34   drawer   thing   34   was   a   good   idea .   she   eventually   reluctantly   agreed   because   she   didn   t   want   a   microwave   to   go   over   the   stove   and   there   were   no   other   good   options   for   our   kitchen   design .   once   it   was   installed ,   she   said   she   liked   the   looks   of   it   built   into   the   island   .   everyone   else   that   has   seen   it   really   likes   the   way   it   looks   also   because   it   s   kind   of   unique .   when   my   wife   used   it   the   first   time   i   don   t   think   she   wanted   to   admit   i   actually   had   a   good   idea   but   the   drawer   microwave   works   perfectly   and   it   s   easy   to   get   cookware   in   and   out   since   it   s   waist   high   with   the   door   open .   my   adult   son   used   the   34   sensor   reheat   34   button   on   a   restaurant   leftover   meal   he   was   warming   up   to   eat .   the   feature   evidently   34   senses   34   the   air   inside   the   microwave   as   the   meal   is   cooking   and   stops   automatically   when   it   s   ready .   pretty   cool   feature !   i   love   the   microwave .   it   adds   to   the   custom   kitchen   design   look   and   it   works   great .   i   think   my   wife   even   smiled   one   time   when   she   used   it  
stopped   working   after   1   year   have   had   this   microwave   for   just   a   year   and   it   has   stopped   working .   the   34   door   34   signal   comes   on   when   i   push   the   start   button ,   even   though   the   door   is   properly   closed   and   it   won   t   start .   very   disappointed   in   the   quality   of   this   product .   pathetic   that   it   stops   working   after   only   a   tear   of   light   use .   anyone   else   have   this   problem  
the   microwave   oven   features   are   great .   very   easy   to   use   and   looks   great   steel   case   was   damaged   on   back   side .   was   able   to   us   because   it   was   hidden   when   installed   under   cabinet .   the   only   complaint   about   the   unit   itself   is   the   stainless   steel   interior   gets   scotched   from   the   glass   turntable   plate   unless   you   rare   very   careful .   the   microwave   oven   features   are   great .   very   easy   to   use   and   looks   great !
update .   danby   died   taking   electrical   plug   with   it   can   someone   tell   me   how   to   make   the   door   open   more   easily   br   br   i   bought   this   microwave   to   sit   on   top   of   refrigerator   only   place   i   have   for   one   but   the   door   is   so   hard   to   open   that   by   the   time   i   ve   punched   the   34   open   34   bar   enough   to   get   the   thing   open ,   the   oven   has   moved   back   away   from   my   reach   so   have   to   climb   on   stool   and   pull   it   back   forward   and   then   put   food   in .   br   br   update   march   6 ,   2015   after   buying   the   nonslip   product   as   suggested   by   reply   to   earlier   review ,   the   nonslip   sits   unopened .   instead ,   the   microwave   sits   unplugged   like   a   small   dead   dinosaur   on   top   of   my   refrigerator .   for   70   years   since   my   grandfather   built   this   little   house ,   a   refrigerator   has   been   plugged   into   the   the   receptacle   behind   it   including   for   20   years   my   various   ones .   br   br   it   took   this   danby   microwave   less   than   two   months   of   less   than   stellar   service   to   trip   the   breaker   for   the   first   time .   even   with   the   electrician   installed   updated   breaker   box ,   the   danby   managed   to   screw   it   up .   after   unplugging   the   danby   and   waiting ,   i   tried   again   to   reset   the   breaker   and   it   worked .   i   now   have   a   refrigerator   again   but   have   no   microwave .   br   br   to   use ,   this   microwave   oven   had   to   be   almost   punched   to   open   its   door .   then   adjust   turntable   so   it   would   turn .   then   add   some   more   time   with   the   30   second   add   button .   then   punch   it   again   to   open   the   door .   meanwhile ,   from   the   punching ,   the   oven   has   slid   away   from   reach   so   get   out   the   stepstool   just   touching   a   numbered   button   does   not   begin   to   set   the   time .   instead ,   that   starts   34   express   34   time   of   minutes   for   the   number   i   touched .
five   stars   finally   a   microwave   that   doesn   t   beep ! ! !   br   br   included   34   crusty   plate   34   was   badly   bent .
door   falls   apart   lasted   2   years   and   then   fell   apart .   the   tabs   that   hold   the   window   in   place   all   broke   off   on   their   own .   lg   does   not   care   since   it   is   out   of   warranty .   they   want   to   charge   me   over   100   for   a   new   door .
it   arrived   in   perfect   shape   and   i   just   had   to   plug   it   in   it   arrived   in   perfect   shape   and   i   just   had   to   plug   it   in .   i   have   been   using   it   every   day   even   though   i   have   an   over   the   stove   one   too .   it   is   so   handy   to   do   small   jobs   along   with   the   big   one .
petite   microwave   perfect   fit   in   my   tiny   kitchen .   love   the   cool   blue   digital   read   out !
don   t   buy   ge   microwav   terrible   product .   cheaply   made .   horrible   review   all   around .
he   likes   it .   i   bought   this   for   a   gift   for   a   family   member   about   500   miles   away .   he   says   he   s   very   happy   with   it   and   that   s   all   i   need   to   know
save   2   months   no   problems !
rather   large   for   a   countertop   but   otherwise   a   good   product   the   samsung   counter   top   grill   microwave   contains   a   lot   of   features   including   a   soften   melt   setting   and   a   grill   capability   but   is   probably   too   large   for   most   countertops ,   an   obvious   drawback   considering   what   it   is   advertised   to   be   for .   however ,   after   using   this   microwave   i   can   say   that   it   works   well   and ,   while   some   its   components   are   plastic ,   it   seems   pretty   well   constructed   to   me .   the   grilling   feature ,   the   microwave   includes   a   grill   and   a   setting   for   accomplishing   grilling   and   the   soften   melt   feature   are   nice .   i   tried   the   soften   melt   feature ,   for   example ,   and   it   worked   fine .   i   also   think   this   microwave   is   attractive   so   that   is   not   a   problem .   the   only   real   problem   i   can   see   with   this   microwave   is   that   it   is   just   too   large   for   most   countertops .   if   this   is   not   a   problem   for   you   then   i   recommend   this   microwave ,   otherwise ,   i   recommend   looking   for   a   smaller   microwave .
would   like   to   have   an   add   30   sec   or   quick   minute   ...   works   well .   would   like   to   have   an   add   30   sec   or   quick   minute   option ,   but   overall ,   is   very   solid   for   the   price .
five   stars   works   very   well
space   saver ,   high   wattage ,   several   different   install   options   over   the   range   microwaves   are   a   wonderful   way   to   save   counter   space .   this   one   gives   you   the   option   of   venting   the   fan   to   duct   work ,   or   back   into   the   kitchen ,   and   fit   under   my   standard   height   cabinets   very   well .   be   advised   that   this   requires   a   20   amp   gfi   outlet   to   be   installed   inside   the   cabinet   over   your   stove .   this   isn   t   hard   to   work   out ,   because   chances   are   in   a   newer   house ,   your   existing   vent   hood   has   electrical   for   it   s   fan   and   light .   watch   a   few   youtube   videos   of   these   being   installed   and   you   should   be   fine .
really   nice   microwave   that   also   grills   and   functions   like   an   oven   my   husband   has   been   using   this   for   the   past   month   in   his   high   school   classroom ,   and   his   students   have   been   using   it   every   day   to   warm   things   up .   it   s   already   been   getting   a   lot   of   use ,   and   is   holding   up   great   so   far .   of   course ,   i   know   it   hasn   t   been   used   that   long ,   so   i   ll   be   sure   to   update   my   review   as   they   use   it   more .   br   br   the   nicest   features   of   this   are   br   br   it   s   a   microwave   that   also   grills   and   crisps   food   so   it   really   functions   more   like   an   oven   than   a   microwave .   it   comes   with   a   grill   rack ,   and   you   can   cook   meat   on   it .   when   you   use   the   grill   function ,   you   can   put   metal   into   the   microwave   .   .   .   but   just   be   careful   that   you   take   out   the   metal   once   you   use   it   as   a   microwave   proper .   the   gill   function   works   fine ,   but   doesn   t   make   your   food   quite   as   crispy   and   nice   as   a   regular   toaster   oven   does .   br   br   the   crispy   plate   is   also   perfect   for   doing   pizzas ,   and   the   students   who   have   been   using   it   to   cook   frozen   pizzas   have   said   that   they   are   evenly   cooked .   br   br   the   1 , 000   watts   make   this   pretty   powerful .   it   s   good   at   evenly   cooking   food ,   and   doesn   t   leave   those   cold   places   in   frozen   dinners   like   cheaper   microwaves   do .   br   br   there   are   ten   power   levels   and   a   plus   30   seconds   button ,   so   you   can   easily   add   more   time   to   your   cooking   time .   br   br   a   standard   variety   of   pre   set   buttons   make   this   good   for   doing   basics   such   as   popcorn ,   veggies ,   and   potatoes .   br   br   the   exterior   has   a   scratch   resistant   coating ,   and   the   stainless   steel   facing   doesn   t   pick   up   smudges   and   fingerprints   like   stainless   steel   often   does .   br   br   the   measurements   on   the   1.1   cubic   foot   microwave   are   11   11   16   h   by   20   3   8   w   by   15   13   16   d   in   inches .   br   br   overall ,   this   is   a   really   nice   microwave .   as   i   mentioned   at   the   start   of   my   review ,   i   will   update   this   as   my   husband   and   his   students   use   this   more ,   but ,   so   far ,   they   ve   really   liked   it   and   it   s   held   up   well   to   constant   use .
shrunk   in   shipment   ...   wow   am   i   ever   surprised !   the   product   descriptions   states   34   spacious   2.0   cu .   ft .   interior   accommodates   a   wide   range   of   meal   and   snack   items   34   this   spacious   interior   is   in   reality   1.4   cubic   feet ! ! ! .   lg   s   claim   of   2   cubic   feet   include   all   of   the   little   indentations   on   the   sides   and   bottom   so   perhaps   this   unit   has   a   2   cubic   feet   capacity   ..   if   you   laid   it   on   it   s   back   drilled   a   hole   in   the   door   and   poured   in   2   cubic   feet   of   liquid !   well   so   much   for   honesty   in   advertising   ...   i   ll   write   another   review   when   i   actually   start   using   my   small   microwave   but   for   now   i   feel   duped .
great   value .   quality   merchandise ..   great   value .
sticks   out   a   little   too   far   but   works   fine .   works   great ,   looks   good   but   sticks   out   from   cabinets .   i   had   it   installed   and   they   had   no   problems   what   so   ever .
...   it   installed   for   a   few   weeks   now   and   works   fine .   it   s   a   microwave   had   it   installed   for   a   few   weeks   now   and   works   fine .   it   s   a   microwave .   you   plug   it   in .   fan   speeds   are   great .   first   time   ordering   an   appliance   online   and   so   far   very   happy .
i   know   you   get   what   you   pay   for ,   in   ...   i   know   you   get   what   you   pay   for ,   in   most   cases ,   but   in   this   case ,   i   don   t   feel   i   did .   i   expected   it   to   take   longer   to   heat   than   my   old   1000   watt ,   but   it   takes   at   least   twice   as   long .   the   turn   table   rattles ,   and   because   of   it   s   light   weight ,   you   have   to   hold   it   with   your   left   hand   while   pushing   the   button   to   open   the   door   with   your   right ,   otherwise   you   will   push   it   across   the   counter .   very   displeased .
quit   working   after   1   year   of   very   light   use .   i   loved   this   when   i   first   received   it .   it   looked   great   and   didn   t   take   up   a   lot   of   space .   i   really   wished   it   hadn   t   died ,   but   after   1   year   of   very ,   very   light   use ,   i   turned   it   on   with   a   cup   of   coffee   in   it   and   it   threw   out   a   small   spark   and   some   smoke   and   then   it   quit .   it   was   quite   scary   because   i   was   standing   next   to   it   .   i   would   definitely   not   recommend   this   microwave .
presets   are   a   bit   off   but   it   is   pretty   convenient   to   have   this   is   a   fabulous   microwave .   it   does   both   jobs   of   a   regular   microwave   and   a   toaster   oven .   what   more   could   you   ask   for .   presets   are   a   bit   off   but   it   is   pretty   convenient   to   have .   you   can   grill   in   this   as   well ,   though   i   haven   t   tried   it   yet ..   i   ll   keep   you   posted .   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   others .
five   stars   perfect   for   my   application
lasted   a   long   time   this   replaced   a   12   year   old   identical   model   that   finally   quit .   while   i   considered   a   more   recent   model ,   the   convenience   of   installing   a   microwave   with   the   exact   same   dimensions   and   mounting   hardware   is   hard   to   beat .   there   are   a   lot   of   buttons   that   i   will   probably   never   use .
it   s   big   the   first   thing   you   should   know   about   this   microwave   is   that   it   is   big , so   make   sure   you   have   adequate   counter   space   to   accommodate   it .   i   only   use   it   for   simple   things   like   heating   things   up   quicky .   for   this   it   works   well .   i   haven   t   yet   tried   its   grilling   feature .
a   microwave   for   those   who   want   to   cook   more   than   just   popcorn ,   tv   dinners   and   quesadillas   samsung   countertop   microwave ,   1.1   cubic   feet ,   stainless   steel   is   a   must   buy   for   people   who   enjoy   cooking   meals   in   their   microwaves   instead   of   just   zapping   snacks   and   melting   cheese .   the   counter   top   microwave   is   larger   than   most   models   and   this   one   can   cook   main   course   meals   and   side   dishes   for   you   and   your   family .   a   medium   sized   pizza   can   be   cooked   inside   it   s   designed   to   34   crisp   34   instead   of   being   kind   of   on   the   soft   side   like   other   microwaves .   just   press   the   easy   to   use   preset   buttons   for   all   of   your   cooking   needs   and   if   you   want   to   34   grill   34   your   food   with   the   grill   layer   that   works   similar   to   the   one   found   in   a   convection   oven   but   don   t   expect   the   same   results .   br   br   overall ,   i   have   to   recommend   this   microwave   for   those   who   prefer   to   cook   their   meals   the   fast   and   easy   way   instead   of   using   a   cumbersome   stove   or   for   apartment   dwellers .   you   can   t   go   wrong   with   a   samsung   countertop   microwave ,   1.1   cubic   feet ,   stainless   steel ,   especially   if   the   price   is   right .
nice ,   but   no   one   minute   button   had   the   danby   1.1   cu   ft   model   for   a   couple   of   weeks   now ,   and   really   like   it .   stainless   steel   inside   and   out   is   really   nice .   didn   t   buy   from   amzn ... got   it   for   90   from   a   warehouse   store   with   a   super   liberal   return   policy   you   know   which   one !   ,   and   so   far   we   really   love   it .   one   thing   i   wish   it   had ... a   34   one   minute   34   button .   but   it   s   a   snap   to   reprogram   the   popcorn   button   for   a   one   minute   cook   time   on   high ,   so   no   biggie ,   but   it   does   mean   that   you   have   to   punch   in   the   time   when   you   want   to   make   microwave   popcorn .
do   you   really   need   to   grill   in   your   microwave   this   is   a   powerful   and   great   looking   counter   top   microwave .   it   s   replaced   my   old   1000   watt   sanyo .   it   has   some   features   you   don   t   find   on   many   microwaves   including   a   power   saving   mode   which   turns   off   the   led   clock   ,   a   grilling   element   on   the   top ,   and   ceramic   plate .   in   theory   you   could   cook   a   pizza ,   heat   up   some   bacon   all   while   retaining   the   crispiness .   i   d   probably   heat   up   frozen   egg   rolls   before   i   do   the   any   of   the   prior   though .   the   grilling   feature   is   gimmicky   to   me .   first   you   lose   height   for   reheating   taller   items .   and   i   m   not   one   for   having   an   issue   using   the   oven   for   a   frozen   pizza   or   a   pan   for   your   bacon .   maybe   even   a   toaster   oven   if   you   wanna   reheat   those   chicken   mcnuggets .   there   s   also   one   more   minor   issue .   the   rotating   glass   plate   is   raised   a   bit   too   high   around   the   edges   than   i   m   used   to .   so   make   sure   you   lift   your   item   high   enough   to   clear   the   glass   plate   when   taking   anything   out .
excellent   color   match   works   exactly   as   advertised   in   my   ge   profile   microwave .   color   match   is   darned   near   exact .   i   prepped   with   a   wire   brush   on   a   drill   to   get   as   much   loose   paint   off   as   possible .   then   sprayed   in   many   coats   to   get   coverage .   i   removed   1   star   simply   because   the   paint   is   very   difficult   to   apply   without   drips   could   just   as   easily   remove   a   star   from   the   painter   me   .   the   paint   leaves   a   slight   texture   or   roughness   that   was   not   present   with   the   original   paint   which   was   quite   smooth .   nonetheless ,   i   will   trade   this   look   anytime   for   the   flaking   paint   of   the   ge   oven .   cleans   nicely ,   and   has   held   up   without   blemish   since   my   purchase   and   application   about   6   weeks   ago .   br   br   1   can   will   likely   cover   about   of   a   microwave   interior   adequately .   since   my   oven   was   flaking ,   i   needed   about   this   much   coverage   or   slightly   less .   if   i   had   stripped   the   entire   interior ,   i   would   have   been   short .
the   kitchen   of   the   future ... today .   i   ve   had   this   a   relatively   short   time   so   my   review   is   subject   to   update .   the   controls   require   a   little   reading   to   understand   but   other   than   that   this   is   like   something   from   the   kitchen   of   the   future .   the   automatic   pop   out   pop   in   is   smooth   and   quiet .   the   power   is   sufficient   to   get   the   job   done   quickly   and   the   microwaves   are   dispersed   so   there   are   no   hot   spots .
fixed   the   turntable   solved   the   problem ,   easy   to   remove   and   install ,   just   like   the   video   shows .
not   good   same   as   the   other   one   star   reviews .   less   than   2   years ,   panel   fried   for   no   reason   overnight ,   we   werent   even   using   it   at   the   time !   not   under   warranty   and   almost   200   to   fix   a   800   appliance .   fifty   dollar   microwaves   last   way   longer   than   this !   we   are   paying   to   fix ,   but   if   it   haopens   again ,   we   will   just   put   a   regular   microwave   in   that   space .
ge   should   be   sued   for   selling   this   piece   of   junk   update ,   december   2015   i   posted   this   review   in   january .   the   microwave   stopped   working   altogether   in   june   2015 .   if   you   find   this   model   anywhere   online   i   advise   you   do   not   buy   it ....   br   br   full   disclosure   i   usually   make   my   purchases   from   amazon   but   i   had   a   coupon   for   15   off   any   item   at   pc   richards   a   local   store   and   was   fooled   into   buying   this   when   it   was   recommended   to   me   by   a   salesman .   i   ve   owned   it   for   just   over   2   years   now .   most   problems   started   immediately .   i   will   never   buy   another   ge   microwave   for   this   reason ,   and   i   m   considering   never   buying   any   ge   product   anything   that   takes   electricity   to   run   must   be   made   much   better   for   safety   reasons ,   and   this   is   one   of   the   worse   electronic   appliances   i   ve   ever   purchased .   br   br   pros   none   that   i   know   of .   no   wonder   it   s   discontinued .   br   br   cons   br   br   62   very   soon   after   the   warranty   ended   we   started   smelling   burnt   plastic   whenever   it   was   used   for   any   length   of   time ,   at   any   power   level .   the   smell   lingers   and   gets   into   your   food .   br   br   62   when   cooking   anything ,   a   baked   potato   for   example ,   the   moisture   from   the   food   gets   trapped   inside   the   oven   an   pours   out   when   you   open   the   door .   the   walls ,   floor ,   and   ceiling   of   the   microwave   are   dripping   wet   and   must   be   dried   after   each   use   unless   you   want   to   end   up   with   a   muggy   mungy   moldy   mess   after   a   few   weeks .   and   no ,   the   vent   is   not   blocked   on   the   outside .   on   the   inside ,   maybe ,   but   that   would   be   a   defect   the   consumer   cannot   see   or   fix .   br   br   62   door   open   button   is   very   flimsy .   br   br   62   light   stays   on   when   you   close   the   door   when   you   re   done   if   you   are   not   careful .   you   must   make   sure   door   closes   completely   even   if   it   looks   closed   it   might   not   be   and   if   the   lights   are   on   in   the   kitchen   you   might   not   notice   the   interior   light   of   the   microwave   is   still   on   this   can   make   it   over   heat   i   came   back   hours   later   and   the   inside   of   the   oven   was   very   warm   and   may   blow   out   the   bulb ,   which   normally   lasts   the   lifetime   of   the   oven .   br   br   62   vents   are   on   the   left   side ,   not   the   top   or   bottom .   this   means   venting   can   be   difficult   if   you   have   something   sitting   next   to   it   on   the   left   side .   see   my   photo .   br   br   62   all   buttons   are   hard   to   push ,   which   is   not   good   for   those   with   disability   or   arthritis .   br   br   62   the   clock   timer   the   one   used   when   not   cooking   is   tricky   to   stop   you   must   read   the   manual   to   figure   it   out   because   you   can   t   use   common   sense   for   this   one   manual   says   you   must   press   timer   button   and   hold   for   at   least   3   seconds   to   stop   this   timer .   br   br   62   if   you   make   a   mistake   when   using   the   cooking   timer   you   can   easily   add   more   time   to   cooking   than   you   planned .   for   example ,   i   pressed   14   minutes   but   wanted   to   change   it   to   12 ,   so   i   tried   to   clear   it   and   thought   i   did ,   but   when   the   12   minutes   of   cooking   time   was   done   it   started   again   on   its   own   for   another   14   minutes .   there   was   nothing   to   warn   me   this   would   happen   and   i   could   find   nothing   in   the   manual   that   explains   it .   br   br   62   no   minute   button ,   only   30   second   increments .   br   br   62   turntable   moves   out   of   place   very   easily ,   like   when   you   place   an   item   on   it   or   remove   something   from   inside   the   microwave .   the   groves   that   hold   it   in   place   are   shallow   so   this   allows   it   to   move   out   of   place   with   just   a   small   nudge .   very   annoying .   br   br   62   emails   to   ge   were   never   answered.62   vents   are   on   the   left   side ,   not   the   top   or   bottom .   this   means   venting   can   be   difficult   if   you   have   something   sitting   next   to   it   on   the   left   side .   see   my   photo .   br   br   62   all   buttons   are   hard   to   push ,   which   is   not   good   for   those   with   disability   or   arthritis .   br   br   62   the   clock   timer   the   one   used   when   not   cooking   is   tricky   to   stop   you   must   read   the   manual   to   figure   it   out   because   you   can   t   use   common   sense   for   this   one   manual   says   you   must   press   timer   button   and   hold   for   at   least   3   seconds   to   stop   this   timer .   br   br   62   if   you   make   a   mistake   when   using   the   cooking   timer   you   can   easily   add   more   time   to   cooking   than   you   planned .   for   example ,   i   pressed   14   minutes   but   wanted   to   change   it   to   12 ,   so   i   tried   to   clear   it   and   thought   i   did ,   but   when   the   12   minutes   of   cooking   time   was   done   it   started   again   on   its   own   for   another   14   minutes .   there   was   nothing   to   warn   me   this   would   happen   and   i   could   find   nothing   in   the   manual   that   explains   it .   br   br   62   no   minute   button ,   only   30   second   increments .   br   br   62   turntable   moves   out   of   place   very   easily ,   like   when   you   place   an   item   on   it   or   remove   something   from   inside   the   microwave .   the   groves   that   hold   it   in   place   are   shallow   so   this   allows   it   to   move   out   of   place   with   just   a   small   nudge .   very   annoying .   br   br   62   emails   to   ge   were   never   answered .
five   stars   great   item .   works   well .
really   tiny .   not   very   powerful .   both   of   those   ...   really   tiny .   not   very   powerful .   both   of   those   were   to   be   expected .
it   is   a   great   little   machine   first   i   want   to   say   i   have   no   issue   with   the   microwave .   it   is   a   great   little   machine .   the   turntable   is   nice   and   not   usual   for   small   and   low   powered   microwave .   my   issue   is   with   the   price   though .   it   is   not   worth   over   50   even   that   would   be   too   high .   it   is   almost   more   worth   it   to   find   a   cheaper   one   directly   from   wal   mart   etc .
dangerous   design   problem   fire   hazard   lasted   1   1   2   years .   flimsy   cardboard   inlet   cover   on   the   left   side   of   microwave ,   naturally   absorbed   some   food   during   use .   now ,   this   cardboard   has   somewhat   deteriorated ,   the   machine   is   simply   a   very   large   fire   hazard .   catches   fire   immediately .   not   safe ,   terrible   design .
satisfactory ..   very   basic ,   works   fine ,   a   little   noisier   than   i   like   both   mechanically   and   the   door   and   is   a   great   price   for   what   you   are   getting .   for   instance ,   the   microwave   i   am   replacing   cost   about   800 .   i   wouldn   t   say   the   same   negatives   on   that   one ...   but   it   cost   8x   as   much .   this   one   is   a   good   deal   if   you   aren   t   looking   for   top   of   the   line .
nuff   said !   i   bought   it ,   i   got   it ,   i   tried   it ,   i   returned   it .   nuff   said !   seriously ,   it   doesn   t   appear   to   be   a   lasting   product .
five   stars   great   product   fast   shipment
not   a   simple   1   touch   as   advertised !   this   is   not   a   one   touch   simple   to   use   microwave   as   advertised .   i   bought   it   because   many   reviewers   stated   that   the   start   stop   button   was   also   an   34   add   30   seconds   34   button .   it   is   not .   even   the   picture   buttons   are   not   easy .   first   you   have   to   push   one   of   them ,   then   the   number   of   them   you   are   cooking   and   then   the   start   button .   that   is   3   touch ,   not   1 !   i   bought   this   for   my   parents   in   their   nineties .   no   way   they   can   use   this .   it   s   going   back .   p . s .   the   inside   is   stainless   steel   and   would   be   easy   to   clean .
it   was   great   for   the   23   months   that   it   worked   paid   an   obscene   amount   of   money   for   a   24   34   sharp   microwave   drawer .   it   was   great   for   the   23   months   that   it   worked .   died   suddenly   a   few   weeks   ago   purchased   february   2013   .   when   it   blew   a   fuse   and   then   died   i   called   appliance   place   where   i   had   purchased   it .   i   was   told   that   i   had   to   call   sharp   directly .   i   did   so .   spent   30   minutes   on   the   phone   telling   my   story   to   4   very   nice   people   at   sharp .   they   said   that   they   would   review   my   case   and   call   me   back   in   a   few   days .   they   called   and   said   that   someone   from   a   local   appliance   place   would   come   and   look   at   it .   service   men   came ,   diagnosed   the   problem   something   just   blew   up   and   i   was   told   that   i   would   have   to   wait   to   here   from   sharp .   local   service   person   called   back   very   nice   person   and   he   told   me   that   sharp   would   pay   for   the   diagnostic   visit   only .   if   i   chose   to   repair   it ,   it   would   cost   180 .   i   called   sharp   34   sorry ,   warranty   over .   34   we   paid   900   for   a   microwave   that   lasted   less   than   2   years .   that   is   what   we   get   for   spending   so   much   money   on   a   microwave !
five   stars   great   suction   not   noisy
wish   i   had   read   reviews   on   the   ge   microwaves   before   ...   wish   i   had   read   reviews   on   the   ge   microwaves   before   purchasing   one .. totally   fried   after   only   2   years .. stay   away   from   over   the   range   ge   microwaves .. junk
this   microwave   is   a   winner .   i   purchased   this   microwave   at   best   buy .   from   reading   the   other   reviews   i   guess   whirlpool   does   have   a   problem   with   the   way   these   units   are   packaged .   my   lg   microwave   suddenly   stopped   working   and   i   am   ashamed   to   say   that   the   majority   of   my   cooking   is   done   in   the   microwave   tv   dinners ,   oatmeal ,   popcorn   etc .   so   i   wanted   to   buy   and   take   home   my   purchase   immediately .   after   shopping   at   home   depot ,   lowes   and   costco   i   found   that   none   of   these   retailers   kept   over   the   range   microwaves   in   stock .   the   same   proved   to   be   the   situation   at   best   buy   except   they   had   this   whirlpool   microwave   that   had   been   returned   because   of   shipping   damage   and   was   available   for   immediate   sale   and   for   100.00   off   its   249.99   regular   price   because   of   a   large   dent   on   the   left   rear   that   cannot   be   seen   after   installation .   i   had   read   reviews   and   intended   to   buy   a   samsung   unit   but ,   i   did   not   want   to   wait   3   days   for   delivery   and   for   150.00   i   figured   it   was   worth   the   risk .   the   installation   went   well ,   i   found   the   instructions   and   templates   provided   good   information   on   the   installation   procedure .   i   was   able   to   install   this   microwave   by   myself .   the   lg   unit   i   was   replacing   came   with   the   home   so   i   don   t   know   how   old   it   was   other   than   i   bought   my   home   1   1   2   years   ago   and   it   was   considerable   heavier   than   the   whirlpool   unit .   the   door   on   the   whirlpool   unit   opens   and   closes   better   than   the   lg   unit ,   it   is   extremely   easy   to   operate   and   has   been   functioning   flawlessly   for   the   2   weeks   i   ve   had   it   installed .   i   have   never   been   a   fan   of   whirlpool   dating   back   many   years   ago   to   a   whirlpool   washing   machine   i   had   owned ,   bad   memories   last   a   long   time .   this   purchase   seems   to   be   a   winner   for   its   appearance ,   ease   of   installation ,   its   functionality   and   unbeatable   price .   if   anything   in   this   situation   changes   i   will   update   this   review ,   but   as   of   today   i   could   not   be   happier   with   the   service   it   is   providing   me .
worked   as   advertised .   worked   as   advertised .   like   the   other   reviews   preparation   is   the   key .   first   i   cleaned   the   microwave   thoroughly .   next   i   taped   off   all   the   areas   i   did   not   want   painted .   i   took   the   microwave   outside   and   placed   on   a   bench .   i   sanded   down   all   the   loose   paint   and   rust   with   a   sanding   stone .   i   sprayed   several   thin   layers   of   paint   waiting   about   15   minutes   between   coats   to   let   dry .   i   probably   sprayed   20   coats .   you   could   smell   the   new   paint   for   a   couple   of   days .   it   has   been   a   couple   of   months   and   there   has   been   no   chipping .   good   product .
perfect   i   was   looking   for   something   small   and   not   too   expensive .   then   i   found   this .   i   ordered   it   around   7pm   and   before   i   could   finish   making   my   coffee   the   next   day ,   my   item   was   at   my   door .   i   was   amazed   by   the   fast   delivery .   five   stars   to   them .   and   plus   it   was   just   what   i   wanted   works   well   too .  
worth   the   extra   price   great   microwave .   it   is   much   more   expensive   than   the   typical   small   microwave   but   is   worth   it   for   something   of   better   quality   and   at   least   some   elegance   of   design .   controls   are   simple   and   light   to   the   touch .   i   don   t   miss   having   a   numeric   keypad .
okay ,   heats   well   interior   vapors   accumulate   easily .   doesn   t   clean   well ,   and   retains   odor ... but   it   heats   very   well !   vapors   accumulate   on   all   interior   surfaces   door   panel ,   interior   housing   .   this   may   account   for   the   retention   of   odor .   worth   a   try   as   microwaves   go   for   general ,   light   to   medium   use .
good   looking ,   silent   and   functional   i   bought   danby   designer   1.1   cu . ft   microwave   to   replace   my   aging   and   faulty   sharp   carousal   which   served   well   for   7   years .   on   comparing   against   my   sharp   unit   i   found   this   few   pounds   lighter .   but   the   marked   difference   which   was   noticed   is   the   noise   level .   while   sharp   was   really   a   rowdy   teenager   this   guy   is   really   a   silent   one .   when   measured   with   smartphone   sound   meter   app ,   the   operational   level   was   about   65db   which   is   like   normal   conversational   level   .   i   payed   40   premium   for   the   stainless   steel   model   which   was   purely   for   aesthetic   reason   my   previous   microwave   was   plastic   and   i   did   not   have   any   material   issue .   as   for   functions ,   besides   the   common   controls   like   popcorn , pizza , beverage   etc   there   were   a   few   other   controls   which   i   find   useful .   there   is   a   power   level   button   which   lets   you   step   down   from   full   power   level   to   say   50   level .   there   is   also   a   kitchen   timer   control   which   works   independently   of   the   cooking   control   5   timer   will   do   that   function   but   having   it   there   help   reduce   kitchen   clutter .   there   is   a   two   step   cooking ,   which   essentially   step   down   the   power   for   the   second   round   yet   to   try   this   feature .   br   instead   of   the   push   button   door   release   a   door   handle   would   have   made   it   look   more   industrial .   the   wheeled   base   where   the   tray   rest   and   the   spoke   on   which   tray   slots   fits   looks   a   bit   fragile ,   probably   because   of   the   lack   of   finish   on   the   molds .   br   overall   this   is   a   very   elegant   and   industrial   looking   microwave   and   so   far   a   great   addition   to   my   counter   top .
beware .   do   not   buy   this .   you   would   get   better   value   by   throwing   money   out   into   the   street .   mine   lasted   three   weeks ,   and   then   became   entirely   useless .   if   you   buy   one   of   these   and   pay   for   it ,   you   will   end   up   with   no   money   and   no   microwave .
not   english ..   i   cannot   read ...   not   english   ..   i   cannot   read ...
five   stars   great   space   saver .
the   world   s   most   misunderstood   kitchen   appliance   i   ve   written   quite   a   few   product   reviews   in   the   past ,   but   never   have   i   seen   so   much   debate   and   misinformation   about   what   would   seem   to   be   a   simple   kitchen   appliance !   a   lot   of   the   reviews   i   have   read   here   are   either   mistaken   in   their   details   or   are   trying   to   compare   apples   to   oranges .   samsung   or   whoever   the   samsung   dealer   on   here   is   has   only   added   to   the   confusion ,   unfortunately .   br   br   first ,   a   few   points   to   set   the   record   straight .   the   appliance   is   not   covered   in   stainless   steel .   there   may   be   a   bit   of   it   in   the   trim ,   but   it   seems   like   whoever   wrote   the   description   hasn   t   actually   sen   one   in   person .   most   of   the   outside   has   a   black ,   textured   metal   finish ,   which   does   seem   to   blend   in   quite   nicely   with   my   own   black   and   stainless   steel   kitchen   appliances .   it   may   not   blend   in   with   a   kitchen   that   is   all   stainless   and   has   no   black   in   it   though .   br   br   there   is   a   bare   minimum   of   plastic   in   the   construction ,   which   is   limited   to   the   trim ,   34   open   button   34   and   part   of   the   door   latch .   i   have   not   had   any   problem   keeping   either   the   highly   polished   front   door   clean   nor   the   outside   of   the   appliance .   in   fact ,   the   texture   of   the   black   sheet   metal   on   most   of   its   outside   surface   actually   prevents   it   from   becoming   a   fingerprint   magnet .   br   br   another   misconception   comes   from   the   grill   rack   that   fits   inside .   some   people   have   mentioned   that   it   is   only   to   be   used   in   the   grill   mode ,   which   is   not   true .   the   rack   can   be   used   in   the   combination   grill   microwave   mode   just   fine   and   your   microwave   will   not   burst   into   flames .   from   the   manual ,   page   11   34   grill   rack ,   to   be   placed   on   the   turntable .   the   metal   rack   can   be   used   in   grill   and   combination   cooking   34   .   it   will   even   34   work   34   in   the   microwave   only   setting ,   although   it   won   t   contribute   to   the   cooking   process   at   all .   in   fact ,   the   main   feature   of   this   appliance   is   the   ability   to   both   microwave   and   grill   at   the   same   time ,   and   you   can   t   utilize   the   grill   to   any   effect   without   the   rack   in   place .   br   br   this   brings   me   to   the   main   point   of   my   review .   those   who   are   most   critical   of   this   appliance   are   simply   comparing   it   to   a   microwave .   this   is   an   apples   vs   oranges   type   of   logic   as   the   addition   of   the   grilling   element   really   makes   this   an   unfair   comparison .   is   it   heavier   than   most   stand   alone   microwaves   of   course   it   is ,   because   it   has   an   entirely   separate   heating   element ,   electronics   and   carries   the   additional   weight   of   a   ceramic   enamel   interior .   this   is   really   two   appliances   in   one   that   work   together   seamlessly   to   greatly   enhance   the   texture   and   heat   distribution   of   foods   such   as   pasta ,   pizza ,   crusts ,   etc .   the   additional   heating   element   also   makes   the   appliance   larger   than   stand   alone   microwaves ,   which   is   entirely   understandable   to   me .   this   also   explains   the   slightly   lower   wattage   rating   than   some   heavy   duty   microwaves .   if   used   with   the   grill   though ,   it   seems   to   cook   items   just   as   fast   as   a   microwave   with   a   higher   wattage   rating .   br   br   adding   to   the   weight   is   a   metal   exterior   that   uses   a   heavier   gauge   of   sheet   metal   than   the   vast   majority   of   stand   alone   microwaves   on   the   market .   the   reason   for   this   is   pretty   simple .   to   keep   people   from   burning   themselves   when   coming   into   contact   with   the   appliance .   without   the   heavy   duty   which   is   necessarily   heavy   inside   and   outside   finishes   the   device   has ,   it   would   eventually   lead   to   someone   getting   accidentally   burned .   for   those   who   wonder   why   it   doesn   t   have   more   capacity   or   more   wattage ,   the   reasons   all   boil   down   to   safety .   you   can   only   add   so   much   shielding   to   keep   the   size   and   cost   of   such   an   appliance   practical .   i   think   that   samsung   engineers   did   a   pretty   good   job   at   balancing   safety ,   size   and   materials   to   keep   this   at   a   reasonable   cost   for   a   device   that   offers   so   much   more   than   a   simple   microwave   does .   br   br   in   regards   to   cost ,   i   have   seen   the   price   of   this   product   fluctuate   wildly   over   the   past   few   weeks .   at   one   point   i   believe   it   was   179   shipping   included   .   then   it   went   up   to   230   shipping   not   included   .   today ,   it   is   down   to   199.99   with   free   shipping .   i   have   no   idea   what   the   msrp   of   the   unit   actually   is ,   but   for   the   quality   of   construction   it   has   and   the   features   it   carries ,   it   seems   like   at   bargain   to   me .   br   br   for   me   personally ,   this   product   is   just   the   right   size   for   the   foods   i   cook   and   offers   a   lot   of   flexibility   as   to   how   i   can   cook   things .   the   polished   surface   makes   it   by   far   the   nicest   looking   appliance   in   my   kitchen ,   ever .   it   reminds   me   a   lot   of   my   samsung   galaxy   s4   cellphone ,   actually .   all   in   all ,   i   couldn   t   be   happier   with   my   purchase   and   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone .   if   you   have   no   interest   in   the   grilling   feature   you   probably   wouldn   t   want   to   buy   this   though ,   because   it   is   definitely   more   expensive   than   a   stand   alone   microwave .   if   you   are   only   going   to   use   it   for   microwaving   it   is   overkill .   i   d   never   go   back   to   a   regular   microwave   after   having   used   this   though .   i   am   too   spoiled   with   this   product   s   cooking   ability   at   this   point .   in   any   event ,   i   think   that   it   deserves   more   praise   than   it   seems   to   be   getting   here .   try   it   for   yourself   and   i   would   bet   that   you   won   t   be   disappointed . n   to   199.99   with   free   shipping .   i   have   no   idea   what   the   msrp   of   the   unit   actually   is ,   but   for   the   quality   of   construction   it   has   and   the   features   it   carries ,   it   seems   like   at   bargain   to   me .   br   br   for   me   personally ,   this   product   is   just   the   right   size   for   the   foods   i   cook   and   offers   a   lot   of   flexibility   as   to   how   i   can   cook   things .   the   polished   surface   makes   it   by   far   the   nicest   looking   appliance   in   my   kitchen ,   ever .   it   reminds   me   a   lot   of   my   samsung   galaxy   s4   cellphone ,   actually .   all   in   all ,   i   couldn   t   be   happier   with   my   purchase   and   i   would   recommend   it   to   anyone .   if   you   have   no   interest   in   the   grilling   feature   you   probably   wouldn   t   want   to   buy   this   though ,   because   it   is   definitely   more   expensive   than   a   stand   alone   microwave .   if   you   are   only   going   to   use   it   for   microwaving   it   is   overkill .   i   d   never   go   back   to   a   regular   microwave   after   having   used   this   though .   i   am   too   spoiled   with   this   product   s   cooking   ability   at   this   point .   in   any   event ,   i   think   that   it   deserves   more   praise   than   it   seems   to   be   getting   here .   try   it   for   yourself   and   i   would   bet   that   you   won   t   be   disappointed .
includes   toaster   grill ...   as   far   as   microwave   cookers   go ,   this   beats   everything   else   because   it   includes   a   toaster   grill .   i   really   prefer   using   the   toaster   grill   rather   than   the   microwave   even   if   it   takes   much   longer   to   cook ...   so   it   s   perfect   for   me .   this   unit   looks   really   slick   and   it   s   so   easy   to   use .   very   intuitive .   it   s   about   twice   the   price   of   other   units   but   this   is   a   high   quality   samsung   product .   i   love   it .   br   br   highly   recommended !
a   multi   function   unit   that   is   surprisingly   good   but   not   perfect !   the   preheat   setting   is   problematic   to   say   the   least   i   picked   this   unit   up   primarily   for   the   convection   oven   function   but   have   come   to   really   appreciate   its   versatility .   that   said ,   the   unit   is   not   without   issues .   br   br   the   short   story   is   the   microwave   function   works   perfectly   and   is   perhaps   a   bit   more   powerful   than   my   built   in   unit .   the   grill   function   is   great   provided   you   use   the   pan   that   comes   with   the   unit .   the   convection   function   is   wonderful   but   never   and   i   mean   never   use   parchment   paper   in   the   unit .   fire !   the   preheat   function   is   problematic   and   7   time   out   of   10   will   cause   your   unit   to   stop   working   for   at   least   15   minute   after   it   shuts   off ,   especially   if   you   interrupt   it   when   it   is   the   10   minute   post   preheat   time   frame   to   try   to   use   the   convection   oven   setting .   the   unit   is   very   sharp   looking   and   feels   solidly   built .   the   two   racks   and   accompanying   pan   are   also   reasonably   well   made .   br   br   now   for   those   who   are   interested ,   the   long   story   br   br   microwave   br   br   works   just   great ,   seemed   to   have   more   power   than   my   built   in   unit   so   i   did   a   boil   water   test   and   found   it   got   the   water   percolating   about   30   seconds   faster   than   my   primary   unit .   the   kids   and   i   have   learned   to   dial   the   time   back   when   we   use   this   unit .   br   br   grill   br   br   love   this   feature ,   i   made   the   following   grilled   cheese   upper   rack   and   pan   7   minutes   with   flip   at   half   way   point   turned   out   beautifully .   open   face   bagel   with   cheese   upper   rack   and   pan   5   minutes   grilled   to   perfection .   br   br   convection   oven   br   br   i   had   pretty   good   but   not   perfect   results   here   baked   russet   potatoes   medium   were   only   partially   cooked   after   30   minutes   when   cooked   at   the   maximum   400   degree   setting ,   my   convection   oven   cooks   them   much   more   completely   in   the   same   amount   of   time   at   the   same   setting .   sweet   potato   fries   were   kind   of   a   disappointment   as   well ,   they   just   did   not   crisp   up   like   they   do   in   my   standard   convection   oven .   chicken   breasts   and   battered   shrimp   cooked   in   here   were   done   more   to   my   satisfaction   but   i   did   note   that   ineeded   to   keep   the   temp   up   about   25   degrees   hotter   than   my   standard   oven   to   get   the   same   result .   french   bread   pizzas   were   a   complete   disaster   when   cooked   on   parchment   paper   the   paper   caught   fire .   i   checked   the   manual   about   using   parchment   paper   i   use   it   all   the   time   in   my   standard   oven   for   all   sorts   of   baking   and   there   was   no   warning   about   using   it   but   i   can   tell   you   it   is   a   big   no   no .   br   br   preheat   function   br   br   well ,   this   function   is   pretty   worthless   on   my   unit .   i   have   successfully   been   able   to   use   it   and   then   cook   exactly   2   times   out   of   10   in   the   2   weeks   i   have   had   the   unit .   the   first   time   we   used   this   function   the   house   smelled   like   it   was   on   fire ,   the   unit   quit   working   and   we   thought   it   had   burned   up .   the   next   time   we   used   it ,   it   cycled   through   the   preheat   and   then   the   10   minute   after   preheat   time   period   and   then   shut   down .   it   completely   turns   off ,   including   the   time   display   and   will   not   work   at   all .   the   next   time   i   let   it   cycle   through   both   the   preheat   and   10   minute   cycle   ,   the   unit   remained   functional   and   i   was   able   to   convection   bake   afterwards .   then   the   hubby   ran   the   preheat   and   interrupted   the   10   minute   after   preheat   cycle   to   attempt   to   convection   cook   the   unit   shut   down   again .   as   i   said ,   we   have   tried   this   10   different   times   and   never   been   able   to   use   the   convection   function   directly   after   the   preheating   is   done .   even   waiting   after   the   10   minute   period   of   time   is   dicey ,   sometimes   the   unit   remains   functional ,   sometimes   it   shuts   down .   the   hubby   is   frankly   worried   about   this   and   so   we   never   leave   the   kitchen   when   the   unit   is   in   use .   br   br   slim   fry   br   br   we   have   not   tried   this   function   yet   but   i   will   update   when   we   do ,   perhaps   this   is   the   answer   to   my   issues   with   oven   fries !   br   br   overall ,   this   is   a   better   multifunction   machine   than   i   thought   it   would   be .   i   was   highly   skeptical   of   the   convection   oven   side   of   the   equation   as   my   prior   experiences   with   these   sort   of   units   toaster   oven   convection   oven   have   lead   me   to   conclude   that   they   are   okay   at   best .   the   oven   on   this   unit   really   does   a   decent   job   with   some   finagling   on   the   temperature   side .   ignore   the   standard   advise   to   lower   by   25   degrees   vs .   regular   oven   on   this   unit   and   you   should   be   fine .   for   the   price   the   unit   seems   a   solid   investment ,   my   only   reservation   being   the   preheat   function   which   i   think   i   will   just   chose   to   not   use   going   forward .   br   br   recommended   with   above   reservations .
great   microwave !   we   needed   a   new   microwave   and   after   reading   the   reviews   bought   this   one .   great   microwave !   easy   to   use .   fits   in   the   corner   perfectly !   great   for   thawing ,   reheating   and   light   cooking .   really   saves   space .   makes   great   popcorn   too !
five   stars   color   matched   great ,   easy   repair .
great   so   far   we   ve   had   the   microwave   for   only   a   few   months .   the   door   design   is   similar   to   our   last   microwave   that   lasted   only   two   years .   we   chose   this   brand   because   they   seem   to   make   a   superior   product .   so   far   it   heats   well ,   it   s   easy   to   clean   and   has   had   no   problems .
microwave   oven   handle   attachment   breaks   off ,   magnetron   fails   just   a   terrible   product   the   handle   is   attached   to   the   door   by   two   weak   screws   that   bear   up   against   a   nonmetallic   surface   on   the   door .   for   my   unit ,   the   lower   attachment   door   surface   broke   within   six   months   and   the   handle   pulled   away   from   the   door .   br   i   am   having   a   service   call   take   care   of   it   but   it   looks   like   a   design   flaw .   even   if   i   get   a   replacement   door ,   i   expect   it   will   break   again   in   six   months .   avoid   this   model   design .   br   updated   dec   2016   yes   the   replacement   door   also   is   showing   the   same   problem .   br   worse   the   magnetron   failed   as   soon   as   the   one   year   warranty   was   up .   would   not   heat   food .   we   had   a   service   call   and   replaced   it .   br   it   has   failed   again   in   9   months .   lg   wants   more   for   a   service   call   than   the   new   microwave   cost .   br   i   would   avoid   lg   microwaves   completely .   i   still   have   a   countertop   panasonic   microwave   working   perfectly   after   15   years   unfortunately   lg   does   not   know   microwaves  
five   stars   works   great !
this   combination   microwave   is   worth   the   extra   cost   is   a   combination   microwave   oven   worth   the   extra   cost   this   samsung   counter   top   grill   microwave   certainly   is .   i   ve   used   the   34   combi   34   button   30   microwave   power   combined   with   a   single   temperature   top   heating   element   along   with   the   34   crusty   plate   34   and   grill   rack   to   cook   bacon ,   hamburgers ,   and   frozen   hamburgers .   all   came   out   tasting   like   grilled   meats   not   microwaved   meats   .   br   br   the   regular   microwave   features   work   like   any   standard   microwave .   the   interior   is   easy   to   clean .   the   microwave   door   is   a   mirror   that   takes   a   little   getting   used   to   see   the   attached   photo   .   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   about   this   appliance   is   that   the   mirrored   door   won   t   allow   you   to   watch   your   food   while   it   s   cooking .   br   br   this   is   a   beautiful   kitchen   appliance   that   performs   the   function   of   both   a   microwave   and   a   toaster   oven .   but   everything   cooks   with   the   speed   of   a   microwave .   at   950   watts ,   the   microwave   is   a   little   less   powerful   than   my   old   1000   watt   sears   microwave ,   so   i   need   to   set   it   for   slightly   longer   cooking   and   reheating   times .   br   br   cleaning   tip   if   you   grill   bacon ,   you   ll   get   grease   splatter   on   the   roof   of   the   microwave .   bon   ami   removes   this   easily ,   without   scratching   the   interior .
get   crispy   food   in   your   microwave !   we   live   out   in   the   country   where   we   are   forced   to   use   propane   for   heat   and   we   have   a   gas   powered   oven   so   we   usually   don   t   make   pizza   at   home   due   to   the   cost   of   propane   and   most   pizzas   are   too   large   to   fit   into   our   toaster   oven .   additionally ,   when   it   s   hot   outside ,   cooking   something   in   the   oven   turns   our   whole   house   into   an   inferno   so   we   live   out   of   the   microwave .   being   able   to   cook   a   frozen   pizza   and   have   it   be   crispy   from   the   microwave ,   is   so   nice .   it   doesn   t   seem   to   ever   get   to   the   point   where   it   gets   it   as   crispy   as   i   d   like   it   but   i   do   like   just   about   everything   burned   to   a   crisp   i   m   odd   that   way .   br   br   because   of   the   grill   element   on   the   top ,   there   is   not   as   much   height   clearance   as   we   had   in   our   previous   model   but   for   the   vast   majority   of   things   we   cook ,   this   is   not   an   issue .   br   br   the   stainless   steel   finish   is   a   nice   modern   update   to   our   kitchen .   this   model   has   a   lot   of   power   for   a   compact   unit .
hot   on   the   outside ,   cold   in   the   middle   perhaps   i   just   got   a   bum   microwave ,   but   everything   comes   out   hot   on   the   outside   and   cold   in   the   middle .   and   there   s   no   sensor   cook   like   the   panasonic   microwaves ,   so   choosing   the   34   frozen   vegetable   34   settings   cooks   the   vegetables   for   3.5   minutes   at   60   ,   which   is   less   than   a   third   what   it   actually   needs .   i   got   this   to   replace   a   faulty   panasonic   since   panasonic   customer   service   was   terrible   ,   but   i   m   going   back   to   panasonic .
five   stars   great   microwave   for   my   home .
five   stars   great
does   what   it   should !   i   m   not   a   cook   everything ,   every   meal   kind   of   girl ,   but   we   do   use   it   quite   a   bit   for   side   dishes .   this   samsung   counter   top   microwave   seems   like   a   nice   starter   microwave .   it   s   not   incredibly   large ,   but   for   one   person ,   it   works   fine .   there   are   a   number   of   pre   set   cook   options   that   could   come   in   handy .   we   tested   this   on   the   frozen   dinner   setting .   the   frozen   dinner   box   was   supposed   to   cook   for   a   shorter   time   period   than   the   microwave   s   pre   set ,   but   only   by   a   small   amount .   the   cook   was   even   and   overall ,   it   tasted   good !   as   far   as   looks   go ,   this   is   a   sleek   little   microwave .   it   seems   to   get   dirty   easily ,   though ,   especially   the   button   used   to   open   the   door .   it   s   not   too   loud   while   cooking ,   though ,   which   is   a   plus .   br   br   overall ,   this   does   what   it   should   and   has   plenty   of   bells   and   whistles   for   those   who   use   their   microwave   as   their   jack   of   all   trades .
five   stars   works   well
five   stars   works   perfectly
spend   more   to   get   something   you   know   and   trust   kind   of   weak   and   weird .   it   is   from   france   and   i   worry   it   may   wig   out   because   it   flashes .
four   stars   saved   me   the   purchase   of   a   new   microwave !   can   t   argue   with   that !
this   is   a   money   pit   2   years   ago   we   completely   remodeled   our   kitchen   and   i   was   really   excited   when   i   found   the   kb   6524ps   because   i   wanted   a   built   in   microwave   for   the   island .   all   the   cabinets   were   custom   made   and   one   side   of   the   island   was   designed   to   accommodate   the   kb   6524ps   dimensions .   for   the   first   13   months   we   loved   this   product ,   then   the   automatic   open   close   door   feature   stopped   working .   i   called   panasonic   and   they   were   no   help   since   it   was   out   of   warranty .   i   searched   the   internet   for   a   authorized   repair   company   and   when   i   called   them ,   they   gave   me   a   price   of   295   to   repair   the   problem   including   travel   ,   so   we   decided   to   live   with   manually   opening   and   closing   the   door .   br   br   3   months   later ,   we   were   using   the   microwave   and   we   noticed   a   burning   smell .   we   shut   the   microwave   off   and   waited   a   while   and   tried   it   again .   same   thing   only   stronger   smell .   i   called   the   same   repair   company   and   they   told   me   the   motor   had   gone   and   that   this   is   a   typical   problem   with   these   units .   to   replace   the   motor   was   610   including   travel .   so   we   stopped   using   the   microwave .   br   br   2   weeks   ago   we   had   a   problem   with   the   ice   maker   on   our   new   ge   profile   refrigerator   so   i   call   a   ge   repair   company   who   also   repairs   and   warranties   other   manufacturers   products .   they   came   out   and   fixed   the   ice   maker   and   since   their   repairs   are   warrantied   for   5   years ,   i   asked   them   to   look   at   the   microwave .   they   also   said   it   was   the   motor   but   they   would   not   repair   it   because   they   have   found   these   unit   have   a   tendency   to   catch   fire .   br   br   well ,   i   will   never   by   another   panasonic   product   ever .   for   the   price   of   this   unit   and   how   cheaply   made ,   i   could   find   other   ways   to   waste   my   money .   br   br   i   am   purchasing   the   bosch   built   in   to   replace   the   panasonic   but   i   need   to   have   the   cabinet   maker   modify   the   opening   since   the   bosch   is   1   34   longer .
takes   your   chef   skills   down   a   few   notches   i   m   always   leery   of   appliances   that   blend   several   functions   or   operations   into   one   device .   my   past   experience   has   been   that   it   is   better   to   get   one   appliance   that   does   one   thing   well   than   to   get   one   appliance   that   does   three   things   mediocre .   but   one   thing   i   can   say   after   running   this   samsung   multi   function   baking ,   broiling ,   microwave ,   convection   oven   through   its   paces ,   is   that   it   really   does   everything   very ,   very   well .   because   the   interface   is   not   intuitive   more   on   this   in   a   moment   ,   you   will   have   to   spend   some   time   with   the   manual   to   figure   out   how   to   cook   things   the   correct   way   or   the   way   you   want   to .   you   will   also   have   to   extrapolate   a   little   bit ,   because   samsung   does   not   cover   every   possible   foodstuff   and   every   possible   cook   method .   still ,   by   keeping   the   manual   handy ,   i   didn   t   have   any   problem   making   delicious   food   in   any   of   the   modes   that   i   tried   everything   except   broiling   which   looks   like   it   would   be   quite   messy   .   br   br   i   started   simple ,   with   the   microwave .   while   every   microwave   that   i   have   touched   in   the   past   twenty   years   was   literally   self   explanatory ,   just   choose   a   setting   or   power   level   and   cook   time ,   this   samsung   oven   requires   you   to   select   the   type   of   food ,   the   weight ,   what   you   are   trying   to   accomplish   heat ,   defrost ,   etc .   and   it   calculates   everything   for   you   and   runs   it .   now ,   this   sounds   like   a   lot   of   tedious   work ,   and   in   fact   it   is .   but   the   first   thing   i   defrosted   was   frozen   japanese   sticky   rice .   in   a   regular   microwave ,   i   usually   just   put   it   in   at   high   level   for   a   minute ,   stir   it   up ,   and   i   end   up   with   a   sometimes   mushy ,   sometimes   not ,   sometimes   cold ,   or   cool ,   or   hot ,   sometimes   perfect ,   sometimes   inedible   bowl   of   rice .   using   the   bread   setting   on   the   samsung ,   i   put   the   rice   in ,   pushed   the   buttons   and   turned   the   knobs   according   to   the   instructions ,   and   i   ended   up   with   perfectly   defrosted ,   not   hot ,   not   cold ,   not   a   grain   neglected   bowl   of   rice .   it   was ,   in   a   word ,   amazing   defrosted   without   even   getting   hot .   wow .   the   microwave   continued   to   impress   in   this   fashion   popping   popcorn ,   defrosting   frozen   berries ,   warming   cold   bread ,   all   to   perfection .   br   br   for   baking   or   actual   heating ,   again ,   following   the   instructions   of   the   manual ,   i   made   a   number   of   excellent   dishes .   what   i   failed   to   notice ,   however ,   was   that   the   cook   times   for   everything   i   made   were   predetermined   by   the   oven .   that   is   to   say ,   before   starting   i   never   knew   how   long   anything   would   take   and   in   fact ,   until   you   push   the   start   button ,   the   oven   never   indicates   the   cook   time   you   are   in   for .   because   these   were   main   dishes   and   the   length   of   time   was   not   egregious ,   this   didn   t   matter   for   the   most   part ,   until   i   tried   the   slim   fry   function .   br   br   now ,   i   have   experience   with   these   so   called   oil   less   fryers ,   which   is   essentially   what   the   samsung   oven   turns   itself   into   in   the   slim   fry   mode .   so ,   i   prepped   my   potatoes   and   waited   for   my   wife   to   come   home   before   starting   on   the   main   dish   prep ,   but   before   i   did   that ,   i   started   on   the   potatoes .   the   first   step   was   to   fast   preheat   the   oven   to   400   degrees ,   and   it   has   a   dedicated   mode   for   accomplishing   this .   i   turned   it   on   and   set   to   work   on   my   other   dishes .   eight   minutes   later ,   i   was   ready   to   go ,   but   the   oven   was   still   fast   preheating .   i   cut   to   the   chase ,   put   in   my   potatoes   on   the   crisper   tray ,   set   it   on   the   small   rack   that   came   with   the   oven   is   there   a   reason   why   the   tray   does   not   sit   in   a   fixed   position   on   its   sister   rack   ,   selected   my   quantity   and   hit   start .   the   timer   promptly   displayed   a   cook   time   of   32   minutes .   wait ,   32   minutes   i   could   drive   to   mcdonald   s ,   order   fries ,   sit   in   the   parking   lot   and   eat   them ,   go   back   in   and   get   another   order   of   fries   and   take   them   home   to   serve   with   dinner   and   i   d   still   have   5   or   10   minutes   before   my   slim   fries   were   ready   with   the   samsung .   we   had   a   fry   less   dinner ,   and   slim   fries   admittedly ,   delicious ,   crispy   and   light   fries   for   dessert .   br   br   i   don   t   know   a   serious   chef   who   doesn   t   work   within   given   time   constraints .   it   s   part   of   the   task   after   all .   there   are   even   television   shows   on   which   cook   time   determines   the   success   or   failure   of   the   celebrity   chefs   competing   on   the   shows .   so   if   you   ask   me ,   how ,   exactly ,   is   a   chef   supposed   to   get   the   most   out   of   this   samsung ,   i   have   to   answer   honestly ,   i   have   no   clue .   not   knowing   the   cook   time   up   front   is   a   serious   handicap .   i   suppose   if   you   used   it   enough   for   a   wide   range   of   foods   under   an   extensive   range   of   conditions ,   and   kept   notes   along   the   way ,   you   could   develop   an   accurate   chart   of   cook   times   that   would   allow   you   to   get   the   most   from   this   oven .   but   as   it   is ,   i   think   this   is   a   nice   microwave   with   a   lot   of   great   features   that   is   hard   to   use   for   much   of   anything   else .   samsung   has   some   good   ideas   and   a   great   microwave ,   but   with   the   quirky   implements ,   required   reading   manual   and   the   we   ll   let   you   know   when   it   will   be   done   when   we   re   ready   to   let   you   know   feature ,   it   is   impossible   to   rate   this   any   higher   than   three   stars . e   even   television   shows   on   which   cook   time   determines   the   success   or   failure   of   the   celebrity   chefs   competing   on   the   shows .   so   if   you   ask   me ,   how ,   exactly ,   is   a   chef   supposed   to   get   the   most   out   of   this   samsung ,   i   have   to   answer   honestly ,   i   have   no   clue .   not   knowing   the   cook   time   up   front   is   a   serious   handicap .   i   suppose   if   you   used   it   enough   for   a   wide   range   of   foods   under   an   extensive   range   of   conditions ,   and   kept   notes   along   the   way ,   you   could   develop   an   accurate   chart   of   cook   times   that   would   allow   you   to   get   the   most   from   this   oven .   but   as   it   is ,   i   think   this   is   a   nice   microwave   with   a   lot   of   great   features   that   is   hard   to   use   for   much   of   anything   else .   samsung   has   some   good   ideas   and   a   great   microwave ,   but   with   the   quirky   implements ,   required   reading   manual   and   the   we   ll   let   you   know   when   it   will   be   done   when   we   re   ready   to   let   you   know   feature ,   it   is   impossible   to   rate   this   any   higher   than   three   stars .
five   stars   great   piece   of   cooking   equipment .   all   as   dedscribed .
exceeds   expectations   setting   it   up   it   is   the   only   issue .   it   is   very   specifically   for   counter   top   use   only   and   it   has   an   extremely   short   cord .   the   cord   doesn   t   even   reach   to   the   far   side   of   the   microwave .   expect   to   need   an   extension   cord .   the   unit   is   a   tiny   bit   smaller   than   average ,   but   not   much .   it   has   a   pull   down   door   that   doesn   t   lay   flush   when   opened ,   which   may   be   a   problem   for   larger   dishes ,   but   i   ve   yet   to   encounter   an   issue .   there   is   an   internal   light   that   turns   on   when   the   unit   is   operating   and   when   the   door   is   open .   it   runs   a   lot   quieter   than   any   microwave   i   ve   ever   seen ,   and   does   so   in   all   four   modes   microwave ,   convection   oven ,   air   fryer ,   and   toaster   oven   grill   .   there   is   no   timer ,   which   i   found   odd ,   but   i   ve   been   using   the   phone   for   that   for   so   long ,   i   barely   notice .   br   br   the   settings   make   it   super   easy   to   use .   you   can   auto   reheat   a   dinner   plate   or   a   casserole   with   a   single   feature .   there   is   a   convenient   popcorn   button .   i   ve   heard   stories   of   a   friend   without   that   feature   trying   to   pop   up   a   bag   of   microwave   popcorn .   six   people .   one   microwave .   no   viable   popcorn .   no   such   problem   here .   one   button   and   let   it   pop .   br   br   there   are   also   auto   cook   features   for   pasta ,   beverage ,   chicken   breast ,   frozen   breakfast ,   and   frozen   dinner .   what   no   frozen   lunch   br   br   the   air   fry   or   slim   fry ,   however   you   want   to   call   it   feature   worked   well   for   me ,   though   i   only   tried   homemade   french   fries .   it   only   works   for   this   list   of   pre   programmed   items   br   br   frozen   oven   chips   aka   french   fries   br   frozen   breaded   prawns   br   frozen   chicken   nuggets   br   frozen   potato   croquettes   br   frozen   onion   rings   br   chicken   wings   br   homemade   french   fries   there   is   a   recipe   in   the   guide   and   it   s   good   to   read   it   first   if   you   ve   never   air   fried   these   before   br   potato   wedges   br   drumsticks   br   br   for   using   it   as   a   toaster   oven ,   or   grill   it   seems   like   they   use   the   terms   interchangeably   you   put   the   thing   you   want   to   toast   grill   on   the   high   rack   included ,   as   is   the   lower   rack   and   select   grill .   for   medium   dark   toast ,   i   go   three   minutes   on   each   side .   it   comes   it   shockingly   good ,   same   as   from   any   toaster .   i   had   low   expectations   for   that   one ,   but   it   worked   really   well .   br   br   overall ,   it   does   everything   it   says   it   does ,   and   it   does   it   very   well .
the   tv   in   my   kitchen   this   thing   is   awesome .   it   looks   just   like   a   tv   which   cracks   me   up .   it   s   a   bit   smaller   than   most   microwaves   in   terms   of   counter   space ,   but   also   a   bit   taller .   it   has   no   number   pad   for   entering   a   specific   cook   time   instead   you   just   hit   the   start   button   multiple   times   to   add   30   seconds .   it   is   powerful   and   simple .   no   complaints .
it   doe   s   a   great   job   on   popcorn   though   it   s   noisy .   you   can   end   up   pushing   it   off   the   table   before   the   door   release   works .   i   have   to   use   two   hands   to   open   the   door ,   one   to   hold   it   from   moving   while   i   push   the   door   release   with   the   other .   the   plastic   printed   button   cover   is   already   starting   to   show   signs   of   ware   after   only   a   few   weeks   of   use .   the   buttons   are   hard   to   locate   the   center   of   and   actually   operate .   it   doe   s   a   great   job   on   popcorn   though .
five   stars   perfect   fit .
five   stars   excellent   product   and   service
really   like   the   microwave ,   a   bit   torn   on   the   other   features   first   off ,   my   family   and   i   are   very   happy   with   the   microwave   portion   of   the   samsung   counter   top   convection   microwave .   it   looks   great   in   our   kitchen   and   the   stainless   steel   matches   our   major   appliances .   the   black   ceramic   interior   is   also   a   nice   touch   looks   great   and   should   be   easy   to   clean .   the   turntable   is   a   bit   larger   than   that   of   the   countertop   microwave   it   replaced ,   and   in   operation   the   microwave   is   very   quiet .   one   downside   of   this   particular   unit   is   it   isn   t   the   most   powerful   microwave   out   there   rated   for   1000   watts   compared   to   other   1200   and   1250   watt   microwaves   in   this   price   range .   however ,   it   is   sufficient   for   home   cooking   tasks .   setting   the   power   and   time   is   easy .   br   br   the   other   function   we   ve   tried   is   the   convection   oven .   we   used   it   to   cook   some   frozen   hors   d   oeuvres   fancy   name   for   pigs   in   a   blanket   using   the   included   metal   racks   and   ceramic   crusty   plate .   even   though   we   preheated   the   oven   as   directed ,   we   found   we   had   to   cook   our   food   far   longer   than   expected   based   on   the   time   listed   on   the   package ,   so   there   was   no   real   time   savings   over   using   our   conventional   oven .   in   addition ,   the   exterior   of   the   unit   becomes   very   hot   when   using   this   mode .   i   suspect   that   we   will   not   be   using   the   convection   mode   very   often ,   though   it   is   a   nice   feature   to   have .   br   br   as   for   the   slim   fry   grilling   combined   cooking   modes ,   i   have   not   tried   these   yet   and   i   m   not   sure   i   will .   these   modes   seem   to   use   both   microwave   and   convection   heating ,   but   it   isn   t   clear   how   much   of   each   from   the   very   short   included   manual .   it   is   also   very   unclear   when   the   included   metal   racks   and   crisping   plate   should   and   should   not   be   used .   even   looking   through   reviews   and   questions   here   you   can   see   that   samsung   is   giving   very   inconsistent   information   on   this   subject .   in   any   event ,   i   will   take   other   reviewers   word   for   it   that   slim   fry   is   a   mediocre   substitute   for   actual   frying .   as   for   grilling ,   the   grill   elements   only   reach   the   back   third   of   the   oven ,   and   i   m   not   sure   it   is   worth   the   inevitable   mess   created   to   try   grilling   in   this   oven .   br   br   so   overall   i   would   give   this   samsung   four   stars   for   microwave   cooking ,   three   stars   for   convection   cooking ,   and   two   stars   for   the   other   functions .   four   stars   overall   since   it   does   its   main   job   very   well . h   the   inevitable   mess   created   to   try   grilling   in   this   oven .   so   overall   i   would   give   this   samsung   four   stars   for   microwave   cooking ,   three   stars   for   convection   cooking ,   and   two   stars   for   the   other   functions .   four   stars   overall   since   it   does   its   main   job   very   well .
five   stars   good
high   quality ,   large !   this   is   a   lovely   oven ,   also   a   microwave   i   have   used   this   for   a   variety   of   purposes ,   as   an   adjunct   to   my   regular   oven   and   microwave .   br   br   i   would   suggest   this   as   an   excellent   choice   for   a   counter   top   oven   and   microwave ,   but ....   make   sure   that   you   have   the   counter   space .   this   is   quite   large ,   and   the   venting   in   the   rear   requires   some   space   i   could   not   put   it   in   a   special   shelf   for   the   microwave   i   had ,   because   of   the   venting   .   for   that   reason ,   i   would   give   this   4.5   stars ,   as   it   is   not   nimble ,   and   is   a   counter   hog .
three   stars   it   works   fine   but   can   get   pretty   hot .
five   stars   beautiful ! ! ! ! !
a   microwave   that   does   not   heat   microwave   looked   nice ,   but   did   not   heat .   it   seemed   like   a   fan   was   only   blowing   cold   air .   amazon   has   great   return   policy ,   however ,   and   it   made   the   unfortunate   buy   easily   reversed .
it   comes   with   metal   racks   what   next   a   tv   without   a   dial   to   address   the   leading   question   br   br   yes ,   metal   racks .   that   work ,   during   the   use   of   the   microwave   function .   and   the   universe   does   not   condense   into   a   singularity   and   explode .   what   else   from   my   childhood   has   changed   do   you   no   longer   have   to   turn   the   dial   on   a   phone   to   make   a   call   drop   a   dime   in   the   slot   to   call   someone   from   a   payphone   br   br   anyway   yes ,   there   are   metal   racks   for   the   microwave   and   the   other   function .   follow   the   instructions .   br   br   here   s   the   skinny   br   br   this   is   more   than   just   a   microwave .   you   can   see   in   the   description   all   of   the   functions   and   they   all   work   pretty   close   to   as   they   are   described .   br   br   that   s   the   first   real   issue   with   the   34   smart   oven ,   34   as   the   box   labels   it   the   descriptions   on   the   webpage   here   they   re   almost   as   complete   as   the   instruction   manual .   there   s   a   bit   more ,   but   overall   i   would   have   liked   a   bit   more   in   terms   of   device   ideas   and   how   to   utilize   it .   especially   with   the   concepts   cooking   types   involved .   i   think   the   slim   fry   concept   is   great ,   but   i   d   like   to   understand   how   it   s   working   better   so   that   i   can   do   more   than   chicken   wings   and   fries .   br   br   you   will   also   note   several   comments   on   the   lack   of   timer .   it   s   true   no   34   non   cooking   timer .   34   br   br   in   exchange ,   though ,   you   can   actually   generate   a   crispy   crust   on   that   microwave   pizza .   br   br   the   drop   down   door   is   nice ,   but   keep   it   in   mind   as   you   handle   placement .   on   a   countertop ,   it   drops   down   flush   but   this   does   require   that   the   oven   is   a   little   taller   than   my   previous   microwave .   br   br   functionally ,   i   d   like   a   better   option   when   using   the   grill   or   slim   fry   settings   than   letting   the   grease   food   drippings   to   just   drop   down   onto   the   turntable .   especially   because   that   thing   gets   wicked   hot   as   is   reasonable   so   you   have   to   wait   a   while   to   pull   it   and   clean   it .   br   br   but   the   functions   work   well ,   so   that   s   the   main   thing .   br   br   in   all ... great   oven .   not   perfect ,   but   i   ve   never   met   a   perfect   microwave .
three   stars   not   really   a   good   product .   sometimes   turns   off   itself .
love   the   compact   size   love   the   compact   size .   hate   the   fact   that   the   turntable   keeps   slipping   off   the   base .   you   have   to   readjust   it   every   single   time   you   use   it .
excellent   quality   and   value .   works   great
awesome   convection   microwave   oven !   before   this   microwave   found   its   place   on   my   counter   this   week ,   i   hadn   t   known   how   much   i   would   love   it !   it   heats   food   quickly ,   is   easy   to   use   once   you   review   the   manual   ,   and   can   serve   the   same   functions   a   microwave   and   toaster   oven   do .   br   br   what   makes   this   microwave   different ...   br   it   has   many   possibilities .   br   pizza   is   crispy   on   the   bottom   when   reheated   even   on   the   microwave   setting !   br   it   can   be   simple ,   or   you   can   dive   into   all   the   stuff   it   can   do !   br   the   size   is   comparable   to   our   old   1.1   cu   ft   microwave ,   yet   it   can   do   more .   br   the   colors   are   awesome !   the   stainless   is   only   on   the   front   which   makes   for   less   to   clean   and   the   gray   top   and   sides   are   not   stainless   so   they   will   keep   cleaner .   br   the   dials   and   quick   microwave   settings   are   smart .   to   reheat   something   for   30   seconds ,   just   press   the   button   on   the   bottom   right   once   for   30   seconds ,   twice   for   a   minute ,   etc .   .   or ,   press   the   microwave   button ,   turn   the   dial   to   the   time   you   d   like   backwards   or   forwards   and   then   press   the   start   button .   br   the   clock   setting   is   easy   to   set .   br   the   convection   oven   works   for   settings   up   to   400   degrees .   preheat   the   oven   first ,   and   then   select   the   convection   oven .   you   ll   need   to   read   the   directions   in   the   manual   first ,   but   then   it   s   easy   to   navigate   from   there   on   out .   br   the   oven   includes   a   crispy   plate ,   two   wire   racks   that   worked   great   on   the   convection   setting   ,   a   glass   plate   and   ring .   i   baked   some   cheese   onto   the   plate   while   using   the   convection   setting   and   it   cleaned   up   super   easy .   br   br   what   may   concern   you ...   br   the   microwave   does   need   to   be   on   a   sufficiently   powered   circuit   not   on   a   power   cord   .   it   does   not   have   a   long   cord ,   so   you   need   to   be   able   to   place   it   right   in   front   of   the   outlet   you   are   going   to   use   or   close   to   it .   br   don   t   use   plastic   plates   that   are   not   microwave   safe .   one   review   for   this   microwave   was   mistaken   they   said   you   couldn   t   use   plastic   in   it .   not   true .   you   just   have   to   use   microwave   safe   materials .   there   s   a   thorough   and   easy   to   reference   list   in   the   manual   which   is   located   inside   the   microwave   oven   when   you   unpack   it   .   br   the   oven   does   have   a   heating   element   on   the   top   because   it   is   a   convection   oven ,   so   you   will   want   to   make   sure   you   have   a   microwave   safe   plastic   cover   that   you   can   use   when   you   are   microwaving .   otherwise ,   it   s   going   to   be   a   pain   to   clean   it   up .   br   br   other   matters   to   address ...   br   it   s   always   interesting   to   read   other   people   s   reviews .   one   reviewer   didn   t   like   the   manual ,   because   a   cookbook   wasn   t   included .   honestly ,   i   ve   gotten   so   many   cookbooks   over   the   years   with   appliances   and   i   ve   never   used   them .   the   manual   for   this   oven   seems   small ,   but   it   is   packed   with   all   the   essential   information   you   ll   need   to   use   it   and   more .   no   recipes ,   but   all   the   guidelines   for   cooking   vegetables ,   reheating   foods ,   etc .   i   don   t   cook   in   my   microwave   oven   normally .   i   did   bake   spinach   artichoke   dip   in   this   oven ,   though ,   on   375   degrees   for   30   minutes   and   it   came   out   perfectly !   br   br   another   reviewer   lamented   the   lack   of   a   timer   on   this   microwave   oven .   that   s   not   true   actually .   if   you   use   the   microwave   function ,   the   time   counts   down   normally .   if   you   use   the   convection   setting ,   you   have   to   select   how   long   you   want   the   oven   to   cook   for   and   then   it   will   turn   off   automatically   when   it   is   done .   if   you   find   you   need   a   few   extra   minutes ,   it   s   very   easy   to   turn   it   right   back   on .   to   use   the   convection   oven ,   you   do   need   to   preheat   the   oven   first ,   but   that   s   not   a   problem .   one   feature   that   was   awesome   was   that   when   i   took   my   dish   out   of   the   oven   to   stir   it ,   the   oven   did   not   start   cooking   again   until   i   pressed   the   start   button   so   the   time   didn   t   keep   going   either   .   most   people   i   know   use   the   timers   on   their   ovens   or   use   a   stand   alone   timer   that   they   can   take   with   them   into   another   room   if   needed   or   move   to   where   they   will   hear   it   when   it   goes   off .   br   br   all   in   all ,   i   m   very   pleased   with   this   microwave .   it   covers   the   basics   and   beyond   very   well !   i   don   t   expect   it   to   do   everything   grill ,   slimfry ,   microwave ,   convection .   but ,   the   fact   that   it   microwaves   and   bakes   so   well   is   enough   for   me !   many   appliances   claim   to   do   too   much   and   we   expect   one   appliance   to   do   it   all .   i   prefer   to   do   grilled   cheese   on   the   stove   and   frying   on   the   stove ,   so   i   don   t   want   to   do   them   in   this   oven   and   risk   having   to   clean   up   a   mess .   i   m   extremely   happy   with   what   i   ve   used   it   for   so   far . ics   and   beyond   very   well !   i   don   t   expect   it   to   do   everything   grill ,   slimfry ,   microwave ,   convection .   but ,   the   fact   that   it   microwaves   and   bakes   so   well   is   enough   for   me !   many   appliances   claim   to   do   too   much   and   we   expect   one   appliance   to   do   it   all .   i   prefer   to   do   grilled   cheese   on   the   stove   and   frying   on   the   stove ,   so   i   don   t   want   to   do   them   in   this   oven   and   risk   having   to   clean   up   a   mess .   i   m   extremely   happy   with   what   i   ve   used   it   for   so   far .
four   stars   no   problems   as   yet .
five   stars   a   good ,   small ,   functional ,   no   frills   oven .
is   as   described   i   have   had   this   microwave   for   about   a   month .   i   m   still   learning   how   to   use   all   it   s   features .   i   own   two   microwaves ,   and   this   is   my   secondary   one .   it   is   very   quiet   when   it   is   cooking .   the   one   negative   i   have   noted   so   far ,   is   that   when   an   item   is   done   cooking ,   it   beeps   three   times ,   but   if   you   don   t   open   the   door   or   hit   stop ,   it   will   beep   about   once   every   minute .
multi   functional   and   perfect   size   we   decided   to   put   up   a   chimney   exhaust   in   our   new   kitchen ,   so   a   bulky ,   over   the   range   microwave   was   out .   plus ,   we   never   use   it   to   34   cook   34   from   scratch .   why   have   such   a   giant   wasting   space   my   dear ,   handy ,   wood   worker   husband   built   our   new   cabinets ,   so   it   was   no   problem   to   create   a   perfect   space   under   the   counter   for   a   new   smaller   microwave .   love   the   drop   down   door .   plus   the   features   are   incredible   slimfry ,   convection ,   and   grill ! !   note   the   samsung   is   not   meant   for   under   the   counter ,   however   we   were   able   to   provide   plenty   of   air   circulation ,   so   it   has   not   been   a   problem ,
love   this   little   microwave   love   this   little   microwave .   we   recently   sold   our   home   and   have   had   to   live   temporarily   in   a   small   one   bedroom   with   very   little   counter   space .   i   found   this   one   and   based   on   reviews ,   decided   to   buy   it   and   i   am   not   disappointed .   works   better   than   any   microwave   i   have   ever   owned   before !   very   pleased   with   my   purchase !
i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   a   couple   of   months   and   ...   i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   a   couple   of   months   and   i   have   no   problems   with   it ,   it   is   working   very   well .
five   stars   great   for   the   money
i   love   this   microwave   so   much   i   love   this   microwave   so   much !   aesthetically ,   it   s   the   coolest   kitchen   appliance   i   own .   it   s   also   pretty   powerful .   that   said ,   it   s   kinda   small   inside   and   square   plates ,   16   oz   coffee   cups ,   and   popcorn   bags   can   pose   difficulties   e . g . ,   when   the   popcorn   bag   starts   to   fill   up ,   the   tray   stops   turning   .   i   still   wouldn   t   trade   it   in !
before   you   hit   purchase ,   be   warned .   warning   stay   away   from   this   microwave .   it   looks   pretty ,   but   it   will   cost   you .   read   the   other   reviews   about   its   unreliability ,   ge   s   poor   service ,   and   the   expense   of   repairing   this   product .   i   should   have   done   that   before   we   purchased   ours .   if   your   product   is   still   under   the   one   year   warranty ,   maybe   you   have   a   shot   at   breaking   even .   ours   stopped   working   just   a   few   months   after   the   12   month   warranty   expired .   if   you   re   not   under   warranty ,   this   is   an   appliance   nightmare ,   which   begins   with   a   99   service   charge   so   the   ge   authorized   repairman   can   tell   you   how   much   it   will   actually   cost   you   to   repair   the   microwave   parts   and   labor   .   not   sure   how   you   can   ever   cost   justify   repairing   one   of   these .   update   ge   told   us   it   was   not   cost   effective   to   repair   the   unit ,   but   they   did   offer   a   200   rebate   toward   another   ge   microwave .   still   can   t   recommend   the   unit .
great   microwave   after   several   months   of   use   i   m   happy   to   report   it   s   still   running   strong .   it   heats   food   evenly   with   cold   areas   and   is   large   enough   to   fit   just   about   everything   i   cook .   the   sleek   design   and   color   also   look   nice   in   my   kitchen .
three   stars   as   described
five   stars   love   it .
great   value   for   money   and   does   everything   it   promises !   this   is   a   very   versatile   microwave .   the   basic   functions   of   a   microwave   heating ,   reheating ,   defrosting   all   are   performed   excellently .   but   this   unit   does   so   much   more   it   comes   with   stacking   parts   that   allow   you   to   heat   or   reheat   two   plates   simultaneously ,   which   is   extremely   convenient .   best   of   all ,   it   is   a   convection   microwave ,   so   you   can   pretty   much   do   everything   you   would   need   with   this   microwave   bake   a   cake ,   broil ,   etc .   you   can   cook   fried   items   in   a   manner   that   limits   oiliness .   i   like   the   pull   down   door ,   rather   than   the   open   out   variety   that   function   saves   space ,   actually .   decently   sized   a   little   smaller   than   my   previous   microwave ,   but   as   much   size   as   you   could   need .   stainless   steel   is   great   matches   the   rest   of   my   kitchen   and   its   a   high   ended   looking   device .   very   solid ,   well   built ,   good   value   for   money   and   does   everything   it   promises .
great   microwave ! !   great   unit ! !   we   use   it   in   our   semi   and   it   works   wonderfully   well .   great   size   and   shape   for   a   compact   area .   i   would   definately   recommend   this   unit   .
easy   cooking   easy   install ,   no   video   or   instructions   required .   if   you   can   get   out   to   see   where   it   is ,   you   can   get   to   it   and   install   it .   unit   is   running   fine   with   no   issues .
i   am   so   happy   i   love   this   microwave .   small   is   what   i   needed   but ,   wow   what   great   extra   features   and   it   is   beautiful .   i   am   beyond   happy !   yes   it   is   small   but ,   that   is   what   i   needed   and   what   i   am   used   to .   i   can   t   get   my   largest   dinner   plate   in   but ,   i   can   get   my   smaller   ones   in .   i   love   how   the   back   is   rounded .   i   had   a   sharp   half   pint   that   finally   died   after   24   yrs .   this   has   way   more   features   than   the   sharp .   i   have   very   little   counter   space   so ,   thank   goodness   i   found   this .   yes ,   it   is   pricey   but ,   well   worth   the   money   to   me .   update   62   62   62   i   purchased   it   12   20   14   and   it   died   april   3rd   2015 .   whirlpool   has   been   very   nice   and   will   be   sending   a   replacement .
one   star   stopped   working   after   3   months .   total   junk .
adequate ,   but   noisy   since   we   only   use   a   microwave   to   heat   or   reheat   food ,   i   decided   to   forgo   all   the   bells   and   whistles   when   our   last   one   stopped   working .   this   one   was   the   lowest   priced   one   that   met   the   color ,   size   and   wattage   i   wanted .   br   pros   heats   food   as   expected .   br   cons   noisy   br   while   the   microwave   works   fine   for   it   s   intended   purpose ,   it   s   extremely   noisy   compared   to   our   previous   microwaves   and   occasionally   makes   an   odd   rumbling   sound   which   may   be   from   it   not   sitting   level   since   one   leg   is   shorter   than   the   others .   i   attempted   to   adjust   the   leg   without   success   so   tucked   a   piece   of   folded   cardboard   under   it   to   keep   the   microwave   somewhat   level .   also   at   first   the   door   was   extremely   difficult   to   push   open ,   but   that   has   gotten   better   with   use .
overheats   with   minimal   use !   this   microwave   overheats   if   popping   more   than   two   or   three   bags   of   popcorn !   once   it   overheats ,   it   automatically   switches   to   the   lowest   power   mode   available ,   thus   making   it   take   forever   to   heat   anything .   you   have   to   let   it   rest   for   20   minutes   or   so   to   cool   down .   br   br   the   microwave   works   well   if   you   don   t   use   it   too   much   at   once .   but   for   more   intensive   use ,   buy   something   more   powerful ! !
one   star   this   item   dod   not   work   from   the   second   i   opened   the   nox
five   stars   really   nice !
in   40   years   of   buying   appliances ,   worst   purchase   i   ever   made !   one   of   the   worst   appliances   i   ever   bought .   and   customer   support   on   an   issue   with   it   was   horrendous ,   and   then   non   existent .   i   recommend   anyone   considering   this   unit   to   finish   off   their   kitchen   matched   set   of   other   samsung   products   forgo   aesthetics   and   get   something   else .   first ,   as   others   have   stated ,   the   control   panel   is   awful .   it   it   hard   to   read   and   the   buttons   are   set   in   such   a   way   presumable   to   keep   someone   from   pushing   a   button   unintended   with   cleaning   the   panel   that   you   have   to   press   very   hard   in   exactly   the   right   spot .   no   feel   and   go   with   this   unit .   the   food ,   in   spite   of   the   revolving   turntable ,   does   not   heat   evenly .   the   stainless   steel   for   some   odd   reason   is   difficult   to   clean   exterior   .   we   have   had   other   stainless   steel   appliances   from   other   companies   that   cleaned   easily .   then ,   a   short   time   after   warranty   expired ,   the   unit   failed   to   work .   it   turns   out   some   of   the   factory   work   was   not   done   well   on   the   circuit   board   and   a   loose   connection   caused   a   short   and   burned   out   the   primary   34   microwave   34   unit .   the   dealer   told   us   it   was   out   of   warranty ,   so   we   had   it   repaired ,   then   one   of   their   repair   people   said   it   was   a   defect ,   not   a   warranty   issue   and   i   should   contact   samsung .   they   used   every   excuse   in   the   book ,   and   finally   said   something   along   the   lines   of   34   policy   does   not   allow   us   to   ever   pay   out   of   pocket   expense ,   regardless   of   the   cause   or   situation   34   .   end   of   story ,   end   of   samsung .   later ,   a   salesperson   told   me   they   have   had   numerous   complaints   about   the   unit .   samsung   tv   s   are   great .   but   i   will   never   own   another   one   of   their   cheaply   manufactured   appliances !
it   works   fine ,   but   we   hate   the   push   to   open   button   it   works   fine ,   but   we   hate   the   push   to   open   button .   we   end   up   pushing   the   whole   microwave   away ....   you   need   to   use   your   other   hand   to   hold   the   microwave   in   place   .
but   the   microwave   is   fast   and   easy   to   use   the   grill   doesn   t   toast   as   well   as   a   dedicated   toaster   oven ,   but   the   microwave   is   fast   and   easy   to   use .   the   fast   preheat   and   the   convection   oven   cook   accurately   and   are   perfect   for   smaller   households .   i   haven   t   used   the   air   fry   yet .
super   cute .   works   great   super   cute .   works   great .   because   it   s   compact ,   some   bowls   and   plates   fit   a   little   snug   and   the   rotating   plate   has   no   off .   otherwise ,   it   s   fantastic .
i   said   fine   and   went   and   bought   another   microwave   videoid   567df035967d824cead7d2509901668b   the   unit   went   out   after   the   initial   warranty   had   expired .   the   unit   was   listed   as   having   a   10   year   warranty   on   the   magnetron .   the   magnetron   the   main   engine   of   the   microwave   .   i   jumped   thru   hopes   for   weeks   including   taking   videos   of   the   product   shooting   flaming   sparks   with   samsung   warranty   service   only   to   be   told   that   they   do   not   have   a   service   agreement   near   arkansas .   another   week   passed   and   i   spoke   with   them   one   the   phone   and   they   we   finally   agreed   on   a   partial   refund   and   they   sent   me   an   email   confirming   the   amount .   br   i   said   fine   and   went   and   bought   another   microwave .   they   never   sent   the   refund   and   i   called   a   week   later   and   they   said   that   i   had   to   provide   them   parts   from   the   original   microwave   ....... easily   done   if   they   had   told   me   this   before . ! !   they   never   said   a   word   about   it   either   on   the   phone   or   email .   br   this   unit   should   last   longer   than   it   did .   i   feel   stupid   that   i   have   bought   a   kitchen   full   of   samsung   appliances .   now   if   when   these   break   i   will   have   to   deal   with   the   same   deceptive   people   and   lack   of   support   again ..... steer   clear   ! !
four   stars   god   model
great   product   fantastic   product .   made   microwave   look   brand   new   again .   has   a   strong   odor   for   the   first   day .   dries   quick   and   looks   great .
one   star   came   with   a   huge   dent   in   the   side .
four   stars   i   am   satisfy
great   microwave .   i   love   this   microwave .   i   needed   something   that   could   go   in   my   new   kitchen   island   and   i   did   not   want   to   spend   a   fortune   for   something   that   had   mediocre   ratings .   this   microwave   has   had   mixed   reviews   but   it   is   working   great   for   our   household .   i   would   say   the   only   somewhat   negative   is   that   the   door   is   slightly   slow   to   open ,   compared   to   a   regular   microwave   door   that   opens   manually .   overall ,   i   am   very   pleased   with   this   purchase .
five   stars   heats   great ,   gets   very   hot   ..
five   stars   nice   size   for   an   apartment  
best   microwave   i   ve   ever   owned   or   used .   this   is   by   far   the   best   microwave   i   ve   ever   owned ,   of   any   size   or   price ,   for   two   reasons   1   form   factor   and   2   simplicity   of   controls .   i   use   a   microwave   to   heat   leftovers ,   cook   frozen   meals ,   make   popcorn ,   melt   butter   or   cheese ,   thaw   frozen   meat ,   reheat   cold   coffee ,   freshen   stale   bread   of   make   it   into   croutons ,   cook   sausages   and   hot   dogs   etc .   i   use   this   microwave   several   times   per   day .   i   think   my   microwave   usage   is   pretty   typical .   the   only   thing   i   don   t   do   in   the   microwave   is   prepare   entrees   from   scratch   like   cooking   a   roast   or   casserole   .   i   ve   cooked   all   sizes   of   frozen   entrees   with   no   issues .   note ,   my   review   refers   to   an   earlier   model   of   this   machine ,   which   seems   identical   to   this   one   that   has   replaced   it .   br   br   1   form   factor .   because   the   guts   of   the   machine   are   under   the   cooking   chamber ,   this   has   the   smallest   possible   footprint .   and   because   of   the   rounded   back ,   i   have   it   tucked   into   a   corner   of   the   countertop .   this   means   i   lose   only   1   of   countertop ,   and   furthermore   it   s   an   awkward   part   of   the   countertop   i   wouldn   t   use   for   prep   work   etc   because   my   elbow   would   bang   into   the   fridge .   every   other   microwave   i   ve   ever   owned   took   up   2   of   prime ,   useable   countertop .   this   makes   such   a   huge   difference   in   the   usability   and   appearance   of   the   kitchen   that   i   d   give   it   five   stars   for   this   reason   alone .   br   br   the   interior   size   of   this   machine   is   bigger   than   you   d   think   because   it   s   round   and   all   the   space   is   useable .   the   round   turntable   entirely   fills   the   rounded   shape   of   the   interior .   an   advantage   of   this   is   that   nothing   falls   off   into   the   corners   as   it   cooks .   i   ve   occasionally   thawed   something   bigger   then   the   turntable   the   sides   and   front   of   the   microwave   are   square   so   this   is   possible   and   it   wasn   t   a   problem .   br   br   2   controls .   i   love   love   love   the   simplicity   of   the   controls .   it   does   exactly   everything   i   need   it   to   do   in   a   way   that   is   completely   intuitive   and   simple .   i   should   mention   i   own   an   emerson   microwave   in   my   office   that   i   have   never   yet   beenable   to   figure   out   how   to   operate   and   i   m   of   at   least   normal   intelligence   .   the   hated   emerson   has   lots   of   buttons   and   i   m   sure   it   does   a   lot   of   things   i   don   t   need ,   but   none   of   that   matters   because   i   m   not   willing   to   learn   a   complex   and   counterintuitive   interface   to   cook   a   frozen   lunch   entree .   this   whirlpool ,   however ,   is   amazing .   it   has   power ,   defrost ,   reheat   and   popcorn   buttons ,   as   well   as   a   plus   and   minus   and   a   start   and   a   stop .   i   accomplish   everything   with   the   plus ,   minus .   start   and   stop ,   and   occasionally   power .   br   br   to   operate ,   you   can   just   press   the   plus   until   you   reach   the   time   you   want ,   then   press   start .   bam .   you   can   t   get   any   easier   than   that .   the   time   increments   get   larger   as   you   increase   time ,   and   this   is   absolutely   not   a   problem .   it   uses   5   second   increments   up   to   2   minutes ,   then   15   second   increments   to   3   minutes ,   then   30   second   increments   up   to   six   minutes ,   then   one   minute   increments   from   there .   this   is   fine   i   ve   never   had   an   issue   where   using   6   or   7   minutes   instead   of   6.5   minutes   caused   a   meal   to   fail   my   pot   pies   call   for   6.5   minutes   at   50   power ,   and   they   re   fine   at   either   6   or   7 .   when   i   make   popcorn ,   i   always   listen   to   the   popping   and   stop   it   when   it   slows .   that   s   because   popping   times   depend   much   more   on   the   freshness   and   moisture   content   of   the   kernels   than   the   power   of   the   microwave   this   is   true   of   every   microwave .   similarly ,   when   i   m   thawing   something   i   pay   attention   to   the   progress   of   it   because   again ,   the   fat   content   of   the   food   and   how   hard   it   s   frozen   makes   all   the   difference   in   timing .   i   suspect   there   are   fancy   convention   microwaves   with   thermal   probes   that   allow   completely   mindless   use ,   but   that   kind   of   ultra   high   end   microwave   isn   t   what   i   want   or   need .   br   br   i   ve   been   using   an   earlier   model   of   this   microwave   for   three   years   with   absolutely   no   problem .   i   can   t   speak   to   specific   reliability   of   the   model   here ,   but   mine   is   the   same   in   layout   of   controls ,   form   factor ,   etc ,   so   i   would   not   hesitate   to   buy   this   one .   in   facti   m   very   tempted   to   buy   one   of   these   for   the   office   and   get   rid   of   that   annoying   emerson   once   and   for   all .
four   stars   gift   for   sister   she   s   happy   with   it .
five   stars   works   great   no   issues
i   want   to   love   this   microwave   combo   oven   i   want   to   love   this   microwave   combo   oven ...   but   the   lack   of   instructions   on   how   to   use   it   is   very   frustrating .   thinking   about   trading   it   for   the   cuisinart   cmw   200   because   it   appears   to   have   the   same   functions   and   comes   with   a   booklet   of   detailed   instructions .
danger ,   do   no   buy .   after   two   years ,   the   microwave   died   yesterday   involved   in   black   smoke .   luckily   we   were   able   to   manage   the   mess   before   the   whole   house   burned   down .   stay   away   from   this   company .
five   stars   great   buy
i   liked   it   is   small   but   works   well .   i   liked   it
a   whirlpool   lemon   i   purchased   this   microwave   in   february ,   2014 .   it   was   perfect   size   but   stopped   working   within   three   months .   after   contact   with   whirlpool   via   phone   and   email ,   i   was   told   by   the   whirlpool   product   review   board   to   dispose   of   it   in   accordance   with   law   because   there   was   no   dealer   where   i   lived   to   return   it   to .   i   took   it   to   my   local   metals   disposal   site   and   provided   proof   of   compliance   to   whirlpool .   the   whirlpool   product   review   board   then   promised   repeatedly   over   a   three   month   period   that   a   check   would   be   sent   for   the   purchase   price .   they   apologized   for   the   delay ,   at   one   time   emailing   to   me   that   my   buy   back   check   order   was   stuck   in   the   system .   then ,   after   three   months   of   promises ,   whirlpool   stopped   all   communication   with   me .   more   than   two   more   months   have   passed   since   then   and   i   still   haven   t   received   my   buy   back   check .   i   don   t   expect   to   get   one .   do   not   buy   this   product .   you   can   see   from   several   of   the   reviews   that   you   risk   buying   a   lemon .   in   my   case ,   i   lost   152.78   and   spent   many ,   many   hours ,   time   and   money   doing   exactly   what   whirlpool   told   me   to   do   to   collect   on   the   warranty .   whirlpool   apparently   does   not   honor   it   s   warranties ,   at   least   not   for   this   product .   br   br   p . s .   10   days   after   this   review   was   posted ,   whirlpool   issued   a   refund   check .
but   is   a   great   fit   for   our   family   of   7   a   little   loud ,   but   is   a   great   fit   for   our   family   of   7 .
five   stars   perfect   for   apartments
but   the   unit   works   great   in   all   categories   direct   replacement   in   my   rv   for   the   original   that   lasted   over   15   years .   i   hope   i   get   that   same   life   out   of   this   one .   all   of   the   previous   reviews   were   spot   on ,   in   the   fact   that   the   new   one   is   very   hard   to   get   the   two   mounting   bolts   to   start   took   about   40   minutes   and   the   new   models   fan   and   motor   are   far   louder   than   the   old   one   was .   but   the   unit   works   great   in   all   categories .
very   pleased .   we   put   the   unit   inside   a   cabinet   with   ...   very   pleased .   we   put   the   unit   inside   a   cabinet   with   a   sliding   shelf .   one   less   thing   exposed   in   the   kitchen .
three   stars   door   hard   to   open   and   microwave   has   shut   off   a   couple   of   times   and   it   s   only   6   mos   old !   waiting   to   see   if   this   happens   again !
a   good   reliable   model   the   3rd   one   in   almost   15   yrs .   a   good   reliable   model .
it   does   the   job   looks   nice ,   i   am   happy   with   it   and   the   big   ...   what   can   you   say   about   a   microwave   it   does   the   job   looks   nice   ,   i   am   happy   with   it   and   the   big   plus   it   was   delivered   right   to   my   door   .   no   hunting   around   ,   carrying   it   in   and   out   of   auto   .
five   stars   seems   to   be   good   quality
your   results   may   vary   paint   itself   seems   to   work   well   depending   upon   where   you   paint .   if   your   microwave   is   like   mine ,   with   a   turntable ,   the   factory   paint   wore   off   in   the   path   of   the   little   wheels   that   turn   the   glass   table .   note   my   oven   is   at   least   10   years   old .   i   read   the   paint   can   s   directions   thoroughly ,   scraping   off   all   the   old ,   loose   paint   and   rust .   the   paint   says   use   it   in   a   well   ventilated   area   i   suggest   you   wait   for   a   nice ,   low   humidity   day   and   use   the   paint   outdoors .   it   smells   quite   bad .   make   sure   you   allow   the   paint   to   dry   thoroughly   before   bringing   it   indoors   i   also   waited   24   hours   before   re   installing   the   turntable   and   using   the   microwave .   br   br   results   within   2   months ,   the   paint   had   been   worn   off   by   the   turntable   wheels ,   and   i   m   back   where   i   started   before   painting .   so   i   guess   if   you   re   repainting   someplace   that   will   not   get   any   wear ,   this   paint   will   work   fine .   under   turntable   wheels ,   not   so   much .   br   br   prevention   advice   make   sure   your   microwave   oven   is   clean   and   dry   after   each   use .   some   foods ,   such   as   potatoes ,   generate   a   lot   of   steam   moisture   in   the   oven   which   drained   under   the   turntable .   i   didn   t   always   notice   the   moisture ,   and   that   s   what   caused   the   rusting   in   the   first   place .
five   stars   replaced   in   sharp   microwave   took   about   30   minutes   now   turntable   works   again .
great   microwave   awesome   replacement .   great   quality   with   bells   and   whistles
ge   microwave   oven   works   like   new !   put   in   my   older   2001   ge   spacemaker   microwave   oven .   works   perfect   and   same   replacement   number .
fits   well   under   corner   cabinet .   love   the   size   and   design !   i   have   had   it   for   over   6   months   and   still   working   well   with   no   issues .
it   misses   the   point   of   being   a   multi   function   appliance   i   am   really   upset .   i   just   got   a   mc11h6033   1.1   cu . ft   counter   top   convection   microwave   w   slim   fry   as   a   gift .   i   contacted   the   chat   support   as   i   had   a   few   questions ,   all   of   which   were   answered   with ,   no ,   but   only   after   i   was   basically   told   yes   to   all   three   questions   and   then   dared   to   question   the   yes .   br   br   i   asked   if   there   was   a   timer   function ,   told   yes ,   then   told   no   after   i   asked   the   rep   to   tell   me   where   it   was   located ,   and   how   to   set   and   use   it .   who   makes   a   microwave   in   2014   that   doesn   t   have   a   timer   br   br   i   asked   if   there   was   a   more   extensive   food   prep   guide   recipe   book   available   to   use   with   the   unit   because   the   microwave   oven   owner   s   instructions   cooking   guide   literally   only   lists   1   food   item   per   function .   there   s   1000s   of   foods   that   could   be   made   using   things   like   the   slim   fry   function ,   but   no   way   to   know   which   of   the   1   9   settings   to   use   because   there   s   only   9   food   items   listed   in   the   microwave   oven   owner   s   instructions   cooking   guide   under   the   slim   fry   entry .   there   is   apparently   no   app   with   this   information   available   either .   neither   is   there   a   formula   for   figuring   out   how   to   slim   fry   additional   foods   other   than   those   listed   in   the   microwave   oven   owner   s   instructions   cooking   guide .   this   problem   persists   throughout   the   microwave   oven   owner   s   instructions   cooking   guide   in   that   every   function   other   than   straight   microwave   or   straight   convection   cooking   does   not   give   enough   information   to   be   able   to   choose   the   correct   function   and   setting   for   foods   other   than   those   listed .   i   only   found   this   information   out   after   asking   which   setting   to   use   to   cook   pre   breaded   fried   okra .   i   was   answered ,   you   can   use   the   slim   fry   option   2   for   pre   breaded   frozen   fried   okra .   i   asked ,   how   and   where   did   you   find   that   information   he   replied ,   i   have   gathered   the   information   from   our   internal   database .   i   stated ,   i   don   t   exactly   have   access   to   your   internal   database ,   now   do   i   so ,   no   additional   cooking   info   publicly   available .   i   guess   if   i   want   to   try   to   slim   fry   frozen   cheese   sticks ,   i   ll   need   to   contact   customer   service   and   ask   which   setting   to   use   because   apparently ,   in   the   world   of   frozen   food ,   pre   breaded   frozen   fried   okra   is   equal   to   that   of   frozen   prawns   shrimp   ,   breaded .   that   s   the   example   food   for   slim   fry   option   2   as   per   the   microwave   oven   owner   s   instructions   cooking   guide .   br   br   i   asked   if   there   were   sheet   pans ,   cookware ,   or   bakeware   available   to   be   purchased   from   samsung ,   or   elsewhere ,   that   were   known   to   fit   in   the   unit   specifically   sheet   pans .   standard   size   1   4   quarter   sheet   pans   won   t   fit   because   the   9.5   x   13   size   is   determined   by   the   usable   flat   surface   area   and   not   the   outside   of   the   pan   itself .   no   standard   9.5   x   13   sheet   pan   is   9.5   x   13   on   the   outside   dimensions   that   i   am   aware   of .   so ,   where   would   i   get   pans   that   fit   apparently   customer   service ,   nor   parts ,   has   a   clue .   who   makes   the   inside   of   an   appliance ,   capable   of   being   a   convection   oven ,   too   small   for   standard   size   bakeware   toaster   ovens   don   t   count   but   they   do   at   least   have   after   market   sheet   pans   available   out   there   that   fit   in   them .   if   i   d   wanted   to   make   cookies   on   pans   that   small ,   i   d   have   expressed   interest   in   a   convection   toaster   oven   to   make   6   cookies   at   a   time ,   not   a   convection   microwave   oven .   it   should   also   be   noted   the   microwave   oven   owner   s   instructions   cooking   guide   makes   a   big   deal   out   of   you   choosing   the   proper   cookware .   this   is   covered   from   pg   22   to   pg   25 .   br   br   i   was   told   by   customer   service ,   initially ,   that   what   i   was   looking   for   was   available ,   and   to   contact   parts   about   those   last   two   questions .   i   did .   i   checked   online   and   i   called .   the   girl   who   answered   actually   hung   up   on   me   after   i   insisted   that   customer   service   had   referred   me   and   that   indeed   those   parts   should   be   available .   after   she   ended   our   conversation   abruptly ,   i   brought   the   absence   of   those   parts   to   the   attention   of   the   customer   service   rep   i   was   chatting   with .   br   br   other   than   the   above ,   the   straight   microwave   function   and   straight   convection   function   work   well .   the   drop   down   oven   style   door   is   a   really   nice   feature .   the   blue   display   lighting   is   pretty .   br   br   how   does   a   company   make   a   product   without   giving   the   consumer ,   or   providing   to   the   consumer   at   an   additional   charge ,   adequate   instruction   or   equipment   to   use   their   product   i   just   don   t   understand   how   someone   puts   out   a   product   with   1000   uses   and   only   reveals   20   of   them .   obviously   people   like   me   don   t   test   them   out   or   question   the   developers   or   designers   or   engineers   before   putting   a   product   on   the   market   without   adequate   instruction   or   equipment   to   use   their   product .   br   br   obviously ,   my   logic   is   lost   on   samsung   or   it   s   too   complex   a   logic   for   someone   who   works   there   to   have   figured   out .   in   any   case ,   with   a   hefty   249   on   sale   to   399   full   retail   price   tag   the   mc11h6033   1.1   cu . ft   counter   top   convection   microwave   with   slim   fry   is   definitely   not   worth   the   money   since   you   can   t   use   it   to   it   s   full   potential .   br   br   review   update   br   so ,   as   of   christmas   day ,   i   still   hadn   t   found   a   commercially   available   sheet   pan   that   actually   fit   inside   the   unit .   my   mother   gave   me   an   old   broiler   pan   that   she   had   for   a   long   gone   oversized   convection   toaster   oven .   br   br   i   was   using   just   the   convection   oven   feature   on   the   unit   for   the   first   time   i   d   only   used   the   slim   fry   feature   to   that   point   to   cook   a   dish   for   christmas   dinner   all   of   a   sudden   it   just   stopped   working .   the   unit   head   cut   off   and   there   was   no   display   visible .   i   thought   maybe   i   d   tripped   the   breaker .   i   unplugged   the   unit   and   checked   i   had   not   tripped   the   breaker ,   but   i   turned   it   off   and   back   on   just   to   be   sure .   i   plug   the   unit   back   in   and   nothing .   i   ve   been   found   something   else   to   plug   into   that   outlet   so   that   i   can   make   sure   the   outlet   was   in   fact   functioning   correctly .   it   was .   i   then   pulled   out   the   owners   manual   and   proceeded   to   the   troubleshooting   section .   it   recommended   unplugging   the   unit   for   three   seconds   and   plugging   it   back   in .   i   unplugged   it ,   and   left   it   unplugged   for   a   solid   five   minutes .   i   plugged   it   back   in   and   still   nothing .   br   br   for   a   unit   this   expensive   to   conk   out   while   using   one   of   the   features   for   the   first   time ,   definitely   says   nothing   good   about   the   unit .   for   the   unit   to   conk   out   while   making   christmas   dinner   that   was   just   a   headache   i   didn   t   need   that   day .   i   would   dub   this   a   completely   unreliable   unit .   br   br   i   regret   that   i   never   did   have   the   chance   to   try   french   fries   using   the   slim   fry   option .
perfect   love   my   little   microwave   oven !
micro   micro   good   solution   for   a   tight   kitchen .   slightly   underpowered   but   works   well .
...   now   sep   12   to   present   and   it   has   worked   fine   the   whole   time   we   ve   had   it   and   used   it   for   over   two   years   now   sep   12   to   present   and   it   has   worked   fine   the   whole   time .   we   don   t   slam   the   door   or   pull   down   on   it   and   it   seems   to   be   holding   up   fine .   we   use   it   two   to   three   times   a   day .   br   br   like   another   reviewer   said ,   you   cannot   cook   while   the   timer   is   running .
microwave   chef   is   enjoying   the   meals !   great   range   and   matched   my   whirlpool   stove   perfectly .   there   was   a   little   dent   on   the   side ,   but   it   was   not   visible   once   it   was   installed .   great   br   buy   and   if   needed   in   the   future ,   i   would   purchase   this   item   again .   works   fabulously   and   is   very   nice   and   easy   to   use .
one   piece   interior   which   looks   like   it   will   outlast   all   the   microwaves   in   my   future   after   two   brand   new   microwaves   which   became   prematurely   aged ,   paint   peeling ,   dysfunctional   i   decided   this   must   be   a   game   that   i   had   not   grokked .   when   we   looked   for   a   microwave   we   did   not   look   on   the   basis   of   price ,   being   believers ,   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   this   machine ,   and   it   is   a   machine   made   by   man   work   flawslessly ,   and   has   a   baked   enamel ,   one   piece   interior   which   looks   like   it   will   outlast   all   the   microwaves   in   my   future .   i   will   watch   and   report .. two   months   and   counting ...
this   is   a   very   nice   microwave .   this   is   a   very   nice   microwave ..   very   easy   to   use   with   a   great   size   to   accommodate   just   about   any   item   you   need   to   prepare .   works   fast   and   i   would   highly   recommend   it
wonderful   it   s   a   great   microwave ,   easy   to   clean .
five   stars   small   and   simple   to   use .   very   well   made .
it   is   installed   in   our   motorhome   and   works   like   a   charm   although   the   add   listed   the   unit   as   34   used   34   it   was   in   fact   brand   new   and   i   am   thrilled   to   my   socks ! ! ! ! !   it   is   installed   in   our   motorhome   and   works   like   a   charm !   thank   you , thank   you , thank   you !
two   stars   i   liked   the   microwave ,   but   it   was   damaged   when   i   received   it   so   i   sent   it   back .
four   stars   nice   microwave
do   not   buy ! !   failed   4   times   in   less   than   1   year ! ! !   we   loved   this   microwave .   it   had   the   perfect   features ,   aesthetics   and   price .   br   br   except   it   quit   working .   three   3   separate   times .   we   have   had   to   take   off   work   three   3   times   to   wait   for   service   technicians   only   to   have   the   unit   fail   again .   the   issues   began   within   the   first   five   5   months   and   have   continued .   br   br   the   problem   is   that   the   unit   will   turn   on ,   motor   running ,   turntable   turning ,   light   on ,   but   no   heat   is   generated .   food   comes   out   at   same   temperature   it   went   in .   it   has   been   the   same   issue   each   time   the   unit   stopped   working   properly .   br   br   most   frustratingly ,   at   my   last   call   to   amana ,   i   pointed   out   that   they   have   spent   more   in   repair   costs   400   than   the   original   cost   of   the   unit .   in   the   interests   of   everyone   s   time ,   it   seemed   reasonable   to   try   replacing   the   unit .   i   was   told   by   jason   and   chris   supervisor   that   amana   s   policy   was   to   repair   not   replace ,   so   only   option   was   a   fourth   service   call   to   report   the   problem   per   policy   .   i   asked   chris   whom   i   should   direct   concerns   about   this   policy ,   and   he   said   customer   service .   br   br   less   than   helpful .   i   was   fairly   certain   that   i   was   already   speaking   with   customer   service .   i   never   was   provided   with   an   email   address ,   physical   address   or   alternate   phone   number   to   express   concerns   about   the   policy .   bad   business   model .   br   br   we   are   going   to   replace   this   unit   with   a   samsung ,   one   of   consumer   reports   highly   rated   machines .   yes ,   it   cost   a   little   more ,   but   the   amana   has   become   excessively   expensive   in   time   and   frustration .   never   again .
five   stars   sounds   quietly   after   turning   on   for   one   second .   it   heats   well   too .
five   stars   microwave   works   well   and   there   have   been   no   problems .
happy   with   the   purchase   works   very   well .   happy   with   the   purchase !
five   stars   perfect   for   what   i   needed !   i   love   this   microwave .
fits   perfect   in   our   limited   space   exactly   what   we   were   looking   for .   it   has   been   working   great   for   several   months   now .   it   was   perfect   for   our   very   limited   space ,   a   microwave   box   suspended   below   the   cabinet   and   off   the   counter .   it   is   quite   a   nice   stainless   steel   look ,   complementing   other   appliances   and   black   granite .
five   stars   this   is   a   great   microwave !
almost   perfect   just   one   flaw   this   little   microwave   is   almost   perfect .   i   m   having   a   kitchen   remodel   and   didn   t   want   to   build   in   a   microwave ,   which   let   s   face   it   is   mostly   a   giant   water   boiling   machine .   i   got   this   little   one   to   use   during   my   remodel   and   i   plan   to   use   it   once   my   kitchen   s   remodeled ,   too .   the   time   goes   up   in   increments   of   30   seconds ,   1   minute ,   1   30 ,   2   minutes ,   etc .   i   wondered   if   that   would   work   for   me ,   but   it   s   just   fine .   i   also   found   out ,   however ,   that   the   power   goes   up   in   increments   25 ,   50 ,   75 ,   100 .   sometimes ,   i   use   my   microwave   to   34   soften   34   butter   and   i   need   the   lower   power   of   10 .   if   the   microwave   offered   increments   of   10 ,   20 ,   30 ,   etc . ,   it   would   be   perfect .   because   it   doesn   t ,   i   may   have   to   take   this   one   to   work   and   get   myself   a   different   microwave   for   home .
easy   to   install   shipping   was   fast   and   the   packing   was   supreme .   easy   to   install ,   we   are   doing   a   remodel   and   i   had   my   points   to   use .   so   happy   i   used   them   on   this   microwave .   my   other   appliance   are   whirlpool   and   it   looks   great   with   everything .
very   happy   with   replacement   cafe   series   microwave   cvm1790ssss   replaced   our   old   caf   series   microwave   at   no   cost   within   5   years   of   purchase   as   part   of   ge   s   34   touchpad   replacement   program   34   ...   kudos   to   ge   for   doing   the   right   thing   for   that   br   br   pro   s   br   touchpad   completely   redesigned   obviously   less   heat   sensitive   .   br   inside   is   stainless   vs .   enamel   like   the   old   one .   that   is   an   obvious   upgrade   for   sure .   br   the   goofy   tilt   open   top   bar   of   the   old   unit   is   replaced   with   a   fixed   plate   and   top   vents .   br   shortcut   buttons   are   more   useful   for   us   vs .   the   old   set   up .   br   br   con   s   would   have   given   a   5   star   except   for   br   control   panel   redesign   includes   a   dial .   it   is   very   easy   to   use ,   so   only   a   con   for   being   less   attractive .   br   handle   is   plastic   covered   with   metal   looking   coating   vs .   real   metal   like   the   old   unit .   it   seems   very   stout   and   the   ge   rep   said   the   peeling   was   addressed   this   year ,   so   we   are   hoping   for   the   best .   br   emblem   is   now   black   vs .   the   original   red   like   all   the   other   pieces   in   the   caf   set   easy   fix   below   .   br   br   we   talked   the   installers   into   letting   us   keep   the   old   emblem   the   red   emblem   is   held   on   by   just   1   screw   easily   removed   .   the   red   emblem   cap   metal   was   easily   separated   from   the   mount   plug   with   a   knife   and   affixed   on   top   of   the   new   black   emblem   with   some   gentle   adhesive ... an   easy   fix   and   no   damage   to   the   black   emblem   or   stainless   fascia .
five   stars   perfect   size   for   my   small   kitchen .   very   attractive .   easy   to   operate   and   performs   well .
five   stars   worked   great .
this   sharp   drawer   microwave   is   amazing !   it   has   buttons   to   both   open   and   close   ...   this   sharp   drawer   microwave   is   amazing !   it   has   buttons   to   both   open   and   close   the   drawer   for   you .   we   love   the   easy   34   top   loading   34   system .   plus .......... it   looks   great !   we   highly   recommend   this   item .
great   product ,   great   price !   i   thought   i   would   wait   to   make   sure   everything   was   working   correctly   before   i   commented .   the   microwave   is   the   perfect   fit   for   my   kitchen .   it   works   exactly   as   expected   and   i   was   surprised   a   dinner   plate   fits   too .   it   takes   up   a   corner   of   my   counter   but   it   s   very   sharp   looking .   i   ve   had   many   compliments .   i   am   a   very   satisfied   customer .
best   microwave   so   far   it   is   a   great   microwave .   had   to   replace   the   one   that   came   with   the   house   same   model   since   my   boyfriend   burned   the   inside   of   it .   it   is   quick ,   quiet   and   i   love   all   the   features   about   it .   easy   to   keep   clean   unless   you   date   my   boyfriend ... then   he   will   burn   it   one   way   or   another   so   keep   him   out   of   the   kitchen .
worthless   product   worthless   warranty   i   have   a   frigidaire   microwave   model   cfmv   164ls ,   a   former   version   of   this   model   installed   in   my   rv .   it   quit   working   after   3   months   of   use .   after   weeks   of   trying   to   get   it   replaced   under   warranty ,   frigidaire   has   finally   found   someone   to   do   the   replacement   with   this   model   but   frigidaire   has   now   refused   to   pay   the   service   fee   for   doing   the   replacement   where   the   unit   is   located .
fits   dinner   plates   just   fine ,   good   power ,   and   stable   rotating   carousel .   perfect   for   studio   heating   single   plate   leftovers .   it   perfect   for   a   studio   or   smaller   kitchen .   it   fits   a   standard   10.5   inch   ikea   dinner   plate   just   fine   with   space   to   spare ,   but   anything   much   larger   would   probably   not   fit .   br   br   power   wise   its   fine   it   takes   2   30   to   3   00   minutes   to   bring   a   mug   of   water   to   boil   and   heats   up   my   leftovers   just   fine .   clean   design   and   stable   carousel   that   rotates   360   degrees   as   it   cooks .   one   reviewer   complained   about   an   unstable   carousel ,   but   i   think   they   forgot   to   install   the   circular   runner   that   provides   support   on   the   periphery   of   the   carousel   glass   plate .   the   runner   is   taped   to   the   inside   packaging   with   the   owners   manual .
extended   warranty   vs   product   quality   i   want   to   clarify   that   i   did   not   buy   this   microwave   from   amazon   we   bought   it   during   a   sale   at   home   depot   i   hope   this   review   will   serve   to   caution   anyone   who   is   interested   in   whirlpool   products   to   buy   a   different   brand   or   at   least   buy   an   extended   warranty .   we   owned   the   microwave   for   1   year   and   3   months   before   the   magnetron   went   out   the   manufacturers   warranty   was   for   1   yr   and   opted   not   to   buy   the   extended   warranty   .   i   understand   that   modern   appliances   don   t   last   forever   and   that   some   parts   may   break   on   a   high   usage   item   handles ,   knobs ,   etc   .   what   i   have   problem   with   is   when   the   part   that   makes   it   a   microwave   lasts   only   one   year   on   an   item   i   paid   approximately   275   for .   when   i   contacted   whirlpool ,   they   offered   to   sell   me   an   extended   warranty   and   advised   me   of   the   charge   for   the   part   and   labor   to   replace   it .   home   depot   tried   calling   whirlpool   customer   service   on   my   behalf ,   but   hit   the   same   brick   wall   i   did .   i   am   sure   most   moderately   priced   appliances   have   roughly   the   same   34   shelf   life   34   ,   but   i   did   expect   a   275   product   to   last   a   bit   longer   than   15   month .   either   i   bought   a   lemon   or   there   is   a   conspiracy   to   get   people   to   pay   more   for   an   extended   warranty ...
works   great !   this   turntable   is   exactly   like   the   one   that   came   with   the   microwave .   the   original   cracked   because   my   son   dropped   it ,   so   found   this   one   on   amazon   and   it   works   fine .
looks   good ,   works   well   looks   good ,   works   well .   does   the   microwave   thing .   venting   is   open   at   the   top ,   though .   things   can   fall   in .   that   s   a   strange   design .
questionable   quality   after   17   months   there   was   a   popping   sound ,   and   electrical   smell   and   it   died .   we   just   warmed   food   up   in   it .   no   serious   cooking .   it   is   a   great   size   and   convenient .   is   it   worth   the   price   for   a   year   and   a   half   of   service   it   lost   the   high   setting   about   6   months   ago   but   we   didn   t   care   too   much .   you   might   want   to   pass   on   this   model .
fragile   shield   inside ,   poor   usability ,   extremely   rude   customer   service   my   wife   bought   this   microwave   locally .   her   story   i   was   unpacking   it   and   i   reached   inside   to   remove   the   shipping   cardboard .   then   i   see   some   cardboard   on   the   side   and   i   took   my   fingernail   and   lifted   it ,   and   tore   it   out .   then   i   see   a   bunch   of   holes   and   a   hole   at   the   top   where   the   cardboard   was .   uh   oh !   what   did   i   just   do   it   is   as   thin   as   the   cardboard   on   a   school   notebook ,   the   thin   kind ,   but   it   is   silver   in   the   light .   it   looks   like   cardboard   when   you   open   the   door .   but   how   can   that   be ,   that   i   could   take   my   fingernail   and   rip   it   out   and   this   is   supposed   to   last   for   how   long   i   called   whirlpool   customer   service ,   and   the   rep   said   she   will   send   me   the   part .   then   her   manager   said   they   don   t   have   any   parts   so   there   is   nothing   they   can   do   because   i   broke   it .   what   i   ripped   it   with   my   fingernails   and   you   are   telling   me   this   would   have   lasted   how   long   anyhow   i   politely   asked   to   speak   with   the   supervisor .   that   took   15   minutes   and   he   was   so   arrogant .   but   mam ,   you   broke   it .   it   looked   like   cardboard   and   i   ripped   it   with   my   fingernail .   there   is   nothing   we   can   do   for   you .   i   can   t   take   it   back   because   the   local   store   said   that   whirlpool   won   t   take   it   back .   i   will   run   the   microwave   until   it   dies   and   not   buy   another   thing   from   whirlpool .   i   will   call   the   attorney   general   and   make   a   complaint   against   them .   i   will   never   buy   this   again ,   or   any   appliance   from   kitchenaid ,   whirlpool ,   or   maytag !   and   we   currently   have   a   refrigerator   and   dishwasher   from   them .   i   wish   we   would   have   bought   this   through   amazon .   at   least   then   we   would   have   a   better   chance   to   return   it .   we   got   this   one   because   we   are   replacing   a   samsung   microwave   oven   which   was   fantastic .   i   would   say   it   was   at   least   15   years   old .   it   had   the   controls   along   the   top   which   was   a   terrific   approach   to   making   a   compact ,   usable   microwave   with   a   small   horizontal   footprint   and   large   interior .   samsung   no   longer   makes   a   similar   design .   the   only   microwave   ovens   we   ve   been   able   to   find   with   a   numeric   keypad   on   the   top   are   commercial   versions   which   run   over   800 .   we   hoped   this   one   would   be   acceptable ,   but   it   s   not .   the   controls   on   the   bottom   are   even   worse   than   the   side   from   a   usability   point   of   view .   we   find   ourselves   bending   over   to   see   the   labels   on   the   buttons .   we   really   miss   the   numeric   keypad ,   also .   with   your   head   higher   than   the   microwave ,   it   makes   so   much   sense   to   present   the   controls   closer   to   your   eyes .   this   was   a   big   mistake .
love   it !   i   have   had   mine   for   over   a   year   and   it   is   perfect !   no   one   even   notices   it   and   it   is   using   corner   space   i   would   not   otherwise   use .   if   trying   to   heat   large   amounts   or   use   it   a   defroster   or   substitute   oven   then   this   might   be   too   small   for   you .   however ,   if   you   use   a   microwave   for   reheating   food ,   cooking   small   amounts ,   popping   popcorn   and   heating   water   it   truly   is   perfect !
three   stars   i   ordered   the   wrong   size .   to   return   it   cost   as   much   as   i   paid   when   i   ordered   it .
five   stars   what   a   great   value !
seemed   to   work   fine   in   the   house   but   didn   t   get   along   with   my   ...   seemed   to   work   fine   in   the   house   but   didn   t   get   along   with   my   rv   inverter .   returned .   bigger   than   most   700   watt   units ,   br   .   handle   sticks   out   quite   a   bit   so   not   a   34   space   saver   34   .
i   feel   like   i   made   a   big   mistake   buying   this   online   i   feel   like   i   made   a   big   mistake   buying   this   online ,   i   would   find   a   better   brand   and   quality ,   then   bigger   one   for   even   less   buying   it   local .   i   paid   over   100   shipping   and   it   doesn   t   worth   it ,   it   s   small   and   at   the   beginning   it   didn   t   heat .   it   s   more   or   less   now   but   not   what   i   expected !
three   stars   not   as   powerful   as   i   hoped ....
works   great   for   us !   no   issues ,   i   love   the   product !
and   it   looked   great .   the   only   problem   was   the   screws   came   with   ...   installed   it   for   peb7226sfss ,   and   it   looked   great .   the   only   problem   was   the   screws   came   with   it ,   for   mounting   to   the   bracket ,   were   too   short .   i   went   to   hd   purchased   longer   screws   and   screwed   in   perfectly .
five   stars   part   is   same   as   picture
damn   good   clock   but   not   a   valid   microwave   damn   good   clock   but   not   a   valid   microwave .   magnatron   fried   just   like   the   other   reviews .   whirlpool   should   be   called   swirlpool   because   you   are   sending   money   down   the   drain   when   you   purchase   their   products .
space   saver   this   is   a   unique   microwave   in   style   and   performance .   br   it   doesn   t   heat   as   high   as   most ,   but   the   size   and   shape   is   br   what   sold   me .   it   fits   nicely   into   a   corner   of   my   counter .   br   i   don   t   use   a   microwave   for   much   other   than   reheating   br   things ,   so   this   for   me   is   perfect .   it   is   a   very   basic   microwave .   br   i   really   like   that   the   light   goes   off   after   a   bit   if   you   leave   the   door   open .
but   mostly   i   m   happy   that   it   fits   on   our   counter   and   under   the   ...   this   microwave   has   a   very   elegant   design .   the   engineers   were   able   to   minimize   its   footprint   by   putting   most   of   its   electronics   on   the   bottom   instead   of   on   the   side .   i   would   prefer   green   leds   instead   of   blue ,   but   mostly   i   m   happy   that   it   fits   on   our   counter   and   under   the   cabinets   without   taking   up   much   space .
...   if   i   had   known   the   inlet   cover   which   seems   like   just   a   piece   of   cardboard   is   just   tacked   on   ...   i   would   never   have   bought   this   appliance   if   i   had   known   the   inlet   cover   which   seems   like   just   a   piece   of   cardboard   is   just   tacked   on   the   inside   of   the   microwave .   i   ve   never   seen   that   before .   it   s   not   listed   in   the   item   description .   i   guess   i   didn   t   read   enough   of   the   product   reviews .   while   i   do   cover   food   in   the   microwave ,   it   seems   like   it   will   get   dirty   and   then   damaged   by   things   like   butter   from   popcorn   that   will   randomly   leak   out   of   the   bag   during   popping .   reviews   for   generic   replacement   inlet   covers   of   this   type   say   that   they   may   catch   fire   due   to   food   residue   that   is   hard   to   clean   off .
five   stars   love   it   so   far !
this   microwave   was   purchased   in   9   2013 .   as   of   11   2014   ...   this   microwave   was   purchased   in   9   2013 .   as   of   11   2014   the   unit   no   longer   heats   food   and   needs   to   be   replaced .   we   bought   a   samsung   dishwasher   at   the   same   time   and   it   gives   us   trouble   also .   i   will   never   buy   another   samsung   product .
terrible   worked   for   1   2   day .
after   15   months   of   moderate   use ,   the   touch   panel   has   deteriorated   so   badly   and   the   sound   is   hardly   audible .   the   oven   comes   with   my   new   standard   pacific   home .   br   it   performs   ok   and   it   is   definitely   not   stainless   steel .   it   s   just   plastic   panel   with   stainless   coated .   br   on   the   second   week   of   use ,   the   plastic   film   on   the   door   control   button   has   small   bubble   patches .   we   thought   it   just   protective   film   but   it   is   not .   the   bubbles   kept   surfacing   and   broke   after   another   week   of   use .   i   called   customer   service   and   they   told   me   it   s   just   a   cosmetic   issues .   they   just   document   it   and   they   are   not   going   to   repair   or   replace   it .   no   more   whirlpool   for   me .
ours   also   went   bad   after   only   light   use   i   just   went   on   the   internet   to   see   if   anybody   had   this   model   in   stock ,   and   prices   available .   we   bought   this   model   2   yrs   ago   when   we   re   did   our   kitchen .   ours   also   went   bad   after   only   light   use .   mostly   reheating   items .   the   service   tech   said   he   couldn   t   believe   a   whirlpool   product   would   fail   like   that .   the   shield   by   the   magnetron   had   a   hole   burned   through   it   and   was   allowing   the   microwaves   to   escape ,   thus   shutting   the   unit   off   after   just   a   couple   seconds .   seems   like   a   dangerous   situation   to   me .   i   wonder   how   whirlpool   feels   about   this   far   less   than   satisfied .   will   avoid   whirlpool   products   in   the   future .   less   than   1   star   review .
does   the   job   when   our   microwave   died ,   we   decided   to   try   to   find   one   a   little   smaller .   was   slightly   hesitant   to   buy   this   one   as   it   is   only   700   watts .   my   old   one   was   1100 .   but   i   really   don   t   notice   a   lot   of   difference .   have   torun   this   one   a   little   longer   sometimes   30   seconds   to   2   min   longer   ..   but   this   one   disadvantage   is   more   than   made   up   for   by   the   increased   counter   space   that   i   have   because   this   one   is   so   much   smaller .   kitchen   timer   works   well .   haven   t   used   the   defrost   setting   because   the   700   watts   is   so   much   less   than   my   old   microwave   that   something   frozen   does   not   cook   right   away   so   the   defrost   setting   is   unnecessary .   the   clock   works   well   and   is   easy   to   set .   never   used   the   clock   on   my   old   one   as   it   was   difficult   to   set .   have   not   heard   of   this   brand   before ,   but   i   would   certainly   buy   it   again .
...   unique   design   with   the   rounded   back   are   what   i   love   about   this   microwave   the   small   size   and   the   unique   design   with   the   rounded   back   are   what   i   love   about   this   microwave .   unfortunately ,   the   quality   is   just   not   great .   the   glass   plate   got   a   chip   on   it   within   the   first   week   of   using   this .   i   ve   never   had   that   happen   to   me   ever   before   with   any   other   microwave .   the   plastic   layer   over   the   buttons   has   bubbled   up   and   looks   really   cheap .   if   these   two   things   were   fixed   i   would   give   this   5   stars   because   it   s   just   a   perfect   size .
five   stars   excellent   product .   saved   our   microwave !
five   stars   works   greats .
five   stars   great   item   ! ! ! !
four   stars   a   little   noisy   but   works   good .
whirlpool ..... synonymous   with   toilet   flushing   i   bought   this   microwave   at   a   deep   discount   from   a   friend   who   was   going   through   a   split .   it   was   almost   new   and   i   was   able   to   remove   and   install   it   myself .   despite   a   cracked   plastic   part   on   the   front   door   prior   owner   said   this   happened   within   the   first   month   ,   this   microwave   lasted   about   2   or   3   years   before   having   some   erratic   heating   issues   at   full   power ,   sometimes   the   food   coming   out   was   as   cold   as   when   i   put   it   in .   i   got   around   this   by   selecting   90   cooking   power .   this   worked   for   another   year   or   so   before   eventually   having   erratic   cooking   no   matter   what   i   did .   last   week   the   microwave   shutdown   within   the   first   10   seconds   of   heating .   unplug   and   plug   the   unit   would   reset   it ,   but   same   issue   if   i   tried   cooking .   later   that   day ,   tried   cooking   again ,   this   time   the   timer   would   run   but   no   cooking   and   the   usual   fan   noise   didn   t   start   either   .   br   br   this   1000   whirlpool   easy   bake   has   clearly   cooked   itself .   a   microwave   at   this   price   should   be   bulletproof .   clearly   it   is   not .   based   upon   other   reviews   here ,   whirlpool   suckered   us   velos   owners   into   subsidizing   their   purchase   of   the   other   good   brands .   br   br   ironic   that   i   need   to   buy   a   haier   microwave   just   to   get   a   decent   quality   microwave   ie   non   whirlpool   family   brands  
danby   microwave   the   microwave   works   great .   i   really   like   the   fact   that   it   has   a   little   smaller   outside   dementions   than   similar   microwaves   of   this   power   rating .   one   complaint .   they   offer   2   extra   months   of   warrenty   coverage ,   if   you   register   online   immediately .   i   did   and   they   didn   t   give   them   to   me .   also ,   the   coverage   starts   on   the   day   of   purchase   not   day   of   receipt   from   ups   amazon   .   the   additional   warranty   i   purchased   from   assurant   solitions   does   start   on   the   day   of   receipt   is   cheaper   than   the   warrranty   from   danby .   i   wonder   why  
heavy   duty   product   has   not   default   but   the   weight   is   way   too   much   for   the   size   of   the   microwave .   easy   to   use .   could   the   weight   has   something   to   do   with   the   power   of   the   engine   only   the   technicians   will   be   able   to   say   something   about   it .   but   will   definitely   recommend   it   to   whoever   is   looking   for   good   but   affordable   microwave .   outstanding   for   the   prize .
five   stars   creates   a   perfect   custom   look .
...   microwave   for   a   few   weeks   and   so   far   are   happy   with   our   purchase   we   have   been   using   this   microwave   for   a   few   weeks   and   so   far   are   happy   with   our   purchase .   it   was   easy   to   install ,   looks   nice ,   and   is   doing   a   fine   job   of   heating   up   our   food .   we   have   no   concerns   at   this   time .
yup .   works   well   for   a   small   rental   unit .   yup .   works   well   for   a   small   rental   unit .
very   nice   range ,   good   choice   for   5   burner   double   oven   very   much   enjoying   this   range !   i   used   to   have   double   wall   ovens   and   a   jenn   air   cooktop   with   grill   griddle .   we   ve   downsized   but   this   oven   gives   me   most   of   the   benefits   that   i   had   with   that   setup .   br   br   the   small   oven   is   perfect   for   95   of   the   needs   for   my   wife   and   i ,   but   i   do   expect   the   large   oven   will   get   a   work   out   at   thanksgiving   when   we   have   at   least   7   for   dinner .   the   power   boil   is   terrific ,   and   the   grill   griddle   is   very   handy   and   easy   to   clean .   br   br   i   debated   quite   a   bit   between   this   and   the   pgb950sefss .   the   main   differences   br   br   this   model   has   a   porcelain   top   surface ,   the   950   is   stainless   br   the   950   has   a   double   ring ,   19 , 000   btu   boil   burner   this   has   a   single   ring   17 , 000   btu   br   the   950   has   dual   broiler   burners ,   this   has   one   broiler   br   the   950   has   a   ball   bearing   roller   rack   i   believe   just   one   of   the   three   where   this   has   all   standard   slide   racks   br   700   msrp   price   difference   br   br   to   be   honest   i   prefer   the   porcelain   top   surface   of   this   oven   aesthetically ,   but   that   s   definitely   a   matter   of   opinion .   the   other   features   just   didn   t   add   up   to   700   for   me .   i   did   use   the   broiler   for   a   small   frittata   and   that   worked   fine ,   but   i   can   see   how   the   double   broiler   could   provide   more   even   heat   on   a   larger   dish .   the   power   boil   is   excellent   on   this ,   i   don   t   see   10   higher   btu   making   a   tremendous   difference .   br   br   i   also   considered   these   other   five   burner   double   oven   ranges   frigidaire   fggf304dlf ,   kitchenaid   hgrs505xss ,   lg   ldg3036st ,   and   whirlpool   wgg7550bs .   all   have   their   benefits   and   drawbacks   but   the   ge   has   the   largest   ovens   and   i   got   a   good   price   through   amazon .
whirlpool   gold .   i   thought   i   was   getting   the   best   ...   whirlpool   34   gold   34   .   i   thought   i   was   getting   the   34   best   34   kitchen   appliances ... not ! ! !   i   have   to   press   the   clear   button   after   every   cycle   to   reset   it .   i   also   have   to   wait   about   1   2   minutes ,   after   every   cycle ,   with   the   door   open ,   for   the   light   to   come   back   on   or   it   will   not   reset   .   because   it   has   been   just   over   1   year   since   purchase ,   whirlpool   will   do   nothing   for   me   other   than   refer   me   to   one   of   their   overpriced   repair   people .   never   again   whirlpool ...
this   seems   to   be   a   nicely   designed   unit   i   bought   this   to   replace   my   decades   year   old   ge   microwave .   after   reading   all   the   reviews ,   this   microwave   convection   was   close   to   top   with   the   added   feature   that   it   might   actually   work   with   the   existing   ge   wall   mount   it   didn   t .   overall ,   this   seems   to   be   a   nicely   designed   unit .   i   am   using   convection   cooking   all   the   time   now ,   or   even   starting   with   microwave   and   ending   with   convection   to   warm   things   i   won   t   nuke .   br   br   it   seems   to   me   that   a   proper   review   would   be   done   a   year   from   now ,   and   not   before   the   plaster   has   dried .
good   deal !   working   well .   good   size   and   good   price   .   i   like   this .
not   recommended   only   buy   if   you   have   to   for   small   space   issues   ugh ...   i   wished   i   had   not   purchased   this   microwave ...   the   only   good   things   about   it   is   the   rounded   back   to   fit   nicely   in   the   corner   of   my   counter ,   the   30   second   quick   start   button ,   and   having   the   light   stay   on   while   cooking ...   it   s   the   weakest   wattage   microwave   i   ve   ever   had ...   having   to   relearn   how   to   do   simple   things   that   take   1   1   2   times   the   amount   of   time   to   cook ...   i   miss   the   traditional   power   level   buttons   and   being   able   to   key   in   15   minutes   instead   of   pressing   the   start   button   30   times ....   i   do   not   recommend   this   at   all .
do   not   buy   this !   this   is   built   to   break .   i   have   a   5   yr   warranty   from   the   dealer ,   which   is   fortunate   because   i   am   now   on   my   third   repair   or   replace   process   in   18   months .   for   me   it   has   consistently   been   the   essential   part   of   the   microwave   the   magnetron   which   makes   it   heat !   update   oct   2015   i   bought   this   in   feb   2013   and   the   magnetron   issue   has   happened   once   again ,   and   i   don   t   even   use   it   a   lot   for   actual   cooking .   i   can   get   it   repaired   or   replaced   because   of   the   warranty ,   but   it   is   tiresome   to   go   through   this   so   frequently .   the   ge   model   i   purchased   previously   lasted   12   years .   has   a   commitment   to   quality   dropped   so   drastically   and   bosch   is   alleged   to   be   one   of   the   better   brands .   buyer   beware !
we   bought   this   microwave   less   than   a   year   ago   and   ...   we   bought   this   microwave   less   than   a   year   ago   and   it   has   stopped   working .   this   is   the   second   microwave   we   ve   had   to   replace   in   less   than   three   years   the   previous   microwave   high   end   professional   grade   lasted   two   years .   standards   of   manufacturing   and   repair   costs   have   made   microwaves   34   disposable   34   appliances .
because   i   was   stung   by   the   fatal   malfunction   of   the   ...   because   i   was   stung   by   the   fatal   malfunction   of   the   digital   display   on   my   1   1   2   year   old   samsung   microwave ,   this   time   i   opted   for   a   semi   manual   operating   system .   it   s   a   mixed   blessing .   hopefully ,   it   will   last   longer ,   but   it   s   cumbersome .   want   10   seconds   to   melt   butter   nope ,   15   seconds   only .   want   to   use   the   timer   you   must   press   the   button   three   times   to   activate   it .   the   convection   cycle   seems   slow ,   but   works .   these   are   little   things ,   and   i   m   hoping   this   microwave   will   carry   me   through   at   least   4   5   years   of   irritation .
a   real   lifesaver   worked   perfectly !
i   m   amazed   that   samsung   continued   with   the   same   faulty   design   model   ...   although   i   bought   an   older   model   smh9187st   ,   i   m   adding   a   review   here   because   of   the   se   error   plague   w   samsung   microwaves   in   general .   i   m   amazed   that   samsung   continued   with   the   same   faulty   design   model   after   model   ...   and   it   says   something   that   when   i   called   samsung ,   they   said   the   se   error   was   under   warranty   for   my   unit   which   was   manufactured   5   years   ago .   br   br   they   set   up   a   repair   for   two   weeks   from   now ,   but   if   it   happens   again   i   won   t   go   through   another   repair ,   even   free ,   will   just   replace   with   a   non   samsung   microwave .   the   only   reason   i   got   5   years   out   of   it   is   that   i   split   my   time   between   two   residences ,   and   actual   live   in   usage   at   this   home   has   been   only   about   2.5   years .
looks   great   looks   good ... works   well
four   stars   just   a   little   too   small   for   me .
does   the   job   it   lacks   power   but   generally   speaking   it   does   the   job
five   stars   excellent   product .   i   recommend   it
value   for   money   delivered   in   2   days ,   a   day   ahead   than   promised .   good   product ,   many   features   and   easy   to   use .
a   little   more   power   would   be   nice   too .   i   so   wanted   this   small   microwave   to   work .   my   plates   fit ,   a   small   cup   fits ,   but   my   normal   coffee   mug   is   too   tall .   the   inside   is   only   5.5   inches   high   from   the   rotating   plate ,   not   6   3   4   34   as   the   website   describes .   so   my   6   34   coffee   mug   doesn   t   fit .   returned .   br   if   whirlpool   would   make   the   same   mike   to   hold   12   34   plates   and   a   7   34   mug ,   i   would   buy   that .   a   little   more   power   would   be   nice   too .
works   great   works   great
whirlpool   wmc20005yd   starts   by   itself !   i   m   working   on   my   second   one   of   these .   i   returned   the   first   one   because   i   thought   it   was   defective .   it   now   turns   out   that   they   all   are .   if   you   set   the   time   for   more   than   a   minute   or   two   i   discovered   this   with   a   4   minute   cook   time   ,   at   the   end   of   the   time ,   the   clock   cycles   and   then   the   micro   starts   running   again   for   30   minutes !   after   a   week   or   so ,   i   noticed   that   it   was   also   starting   up   by   itself   even   if   it   hadn   t   been   used   for   a   while .   major   fire   hazard !   i   had   to   start   unplugging   it   between   uses .   meanwhile ,   dealer   would   not   take   it   back .   i   had   to   go   through   whirlpool .   they   have   non   existent   customer   service !   they   say   they   are   going   to   call   and   never   do .   they   say   they   are   replacing   it   but   it   will   be   at   least   three   weeks   and   then   no   one   ever   shows   up .   the   dealer   finally   agreed   to   give   me   another   one   and   deal   with   whirlpool   themselves .   but   now   i   find   that   the   new   one   does   the   same   thing   on   longer   cook   times   e . g . ,   4.5   minutes   ,   it   starts   up   again   for   30   minutes .   i   fear   it   will   start   turning   itself   on   again .   has   anyone   had   this   same   experience   does   anyone   know   of   a   fix   i   m   being   forced   to   replace   it   with   some   other   model   after   only   a   few   weeks   because   it   scares   me .
came   damaged ,   but   did   not   see   til   after   use   ...   came   damaged ,   but   did   not   see   til   after   use .   hard   to   read ,   just   not   worth   the   money .   put   in   garage   and   went   back   to   our   59   sams   club   microwave
had   unit   professionally   installed   2   year   ago   but   it   has   ...   had   unit   professionally   installed   2   year   ago   but   it   has   a   habit   of   turning   itself   on .   had   been   doing   that   and   latest   episode   is   using   it   and   it   wouldn   t   go   off .   have   to   unplug   it   after   every   use   until   latest   episode .   this   unit   is   unsafe   and   dangerous .   jvm1540dmww .   stay   away   from   it ! ! !
so   far   so   bad !   difficult   to   install ,   even   with   two   people ,   mostly   the   taking   down   of   the   old   greasy   unit .   came   with   a   broken   fan   and   hence   no   exhaust .   whirlpool   sending   a   repairman   after   a   week   with   no   microwave .   will   he   bring   the   correct   parts   and   be   able   to   fix   it   impossible   to   return   as   box   is   not   a   box   but   styrofoam   and   cardboard   on   top   and   bottom   with   shrink   wrap   holding   it   all   together .   if   you   want   one   of   these   get   it   at   best   buy   and   save   50.00 .   it   s   now   a   month   since   we   installed   the   unit   and   the   fan   has   been   replaced   part   had   to   be   ordered   .   turns   out   we   could   use   the   microwave   without   the   fan .   all   arranged   thru   whirlpool   with   local   repairman   fixing   it   in   place .
four   stars   easy   to   use .
five   stars   great   product
microwave   sparks   and   turns   on   by   itself ,   not   haunted   but   a   fire   hazard   beware   i   received   this   as   a   housewarming   present ,   it   fit   perfectly   in   the   space   i   had   in   my   kitchen .   it   worked   fine   for   several   months   no   complaints ,   however   a   few   times   i   discovered   it   would   turn   on   by   itself ,   it   freaked   me   out   but   i   d   unplug   it   and   then   plug   it   back   in   the   next   time   i   needed   to   use   it .   after   about   a   year   the   microwave   started   sparking   inside   the   microwave   from   the   side   panel .   at   first   i   thought   there   was   some   metal   in   the   microwave ,   but   there   wasn   t   and   it   happened   a   few   times   since .   i   was   scarred   to   use   it   so   i   stopped   and   forgot   to   unplug   it   until   it   started   turning   on   again   by   itself .   i   thought   the   thing   was   haunted ,   it   really   creeper   me   out .   i   eventually   googled   it   and   i   now   realize   my   mistake   i   should   of   returned   it   for   repair   earlier ,   this   is   a   serious   fire   hazard .   i   did   not   purchase   this   one   from   amazon   but   it   is   the   exact   same   model   number   and   color   black   and   stainless   steel   .   if   your   microwave   turns   on   by   itself   unplug   and   return   or   replace   asap ! !
two   stars   item   had   tarnished   spots   on   it .   not   what   i   expected   for   the   price .   looks   very   cheap .
sharp   makes   dull   products   product   just   isn   t   built   to   last ,   when   buying   these   types   of   appliances   best   to   get   something   you   can   unplug   and   replace .   this   product   and   company   just   do   not   hold   up ... equipment   brand   new   5   27   13 ,   installed   aug   13   stopped   working   15   months   later .
high   tech   microwave   great   microwave   and   very   fancy ,   but   it   does   get   hot   when   you   used   it .   i   usually   leave   it   open   for   a   few   minutes   when   i   finished   using   it .
five   stars   the   item   was   fine .   the   price   was   great   too   compared   other   sellers .
...   this   for   my   brother   and   he   said   it   is   great .   great   price   point   and   it   works   really   well   i   bought   this   for   my   brother   and   he   said   it   is   great .   great   price   point   and   it   works   really   well .
five   stars   very   pleased   with   my   purchase .
died !   worked   pretty   well   for   a   couple   of   years   and   then   just   made   a   popping   noise   and   died .   i   guess   i   ll   just   buy   cheaper   ones   from   now   on !
track   record   not   great   first   off ,   i   don   t   know   why   amazon   is   so   expensive   on   this   unit .   i   just   bought   one   today   at   a   big   box   store   at   their   regular   price   of   250 .   i   bought   the   prior   model   to   this   one   a   little   less   than   4   yrs   ago   when   i   bought   my   new   construction   house   and   upgraded   to   stainless   appliances .   one   day   it   worked   fine ,   the   next   it   would   act   like   it   was   working ,   but   the   food   wouldn   t   heat   up .   microwaves   are   supposed   to   last   approximately   9   yrs .   i   am   not   happy   about   having   to   spend   another   250   after   just   barely   4   yrs .   shame   on   whirlpool   for   making   disposable   appliances   nowadays .   i   will   say   it   is   a   nice   looking   microwave ,   but   i   agree   with   other   reviews   that   the   fan   is   useless .   no   suction   at   all   if   you   place   your   hand   under   the   filter .   i   also   don   t   understand   why   most   microwaves   are   rated   at   1000   watts   and   every   frozen   dinner   on   the   planet   says   it   is   tested   with   an   1100   watt   unit .   on   another   note   regarding   whirlpool   in   general   i   have   the   following   to   say .   i   bought   all   whirlpool   appliances   when   i   bought   my   house   and   i   will   never   spend   another   dime   on   whirlpool   again .   the   only   reason   i   bought   the   whirlpool   microwave   replacement   is   because   my   house   is   for   sale   and   i   don   t   want   mismatched   appliances .   when   the   washer   and   dryer   were   delivered   and   installed   the   dryer   had   a   noticeable   knocking   sound   that   the   delivery   guys   blamed   on   flat   drum   rollers .   the   front   load   washer   has   a   ridiculous   time   trying   to   balance   a   load   during   the   spin   cycle .   the   refrigerator   has   more   sharp   edges   that   i   have   cut   myself   on   in   the   door   compartments   than   you   can   shake   a   stick   at .   it   also   doesn   t   cool   down   a   12   pk   of   beer   in   any   less   than   12   hrs .   i   tried   to   cook   a   ham   in   the   oven   and   followed   the   directions   based   on   weight   and   temperature .... cold   ham !   the   dishwasher   is   ok   but   i   hate   the   silverware   basket .   not   big   enough   for   utensils   with   large   handles .   whirlpool   needs   to   wake   up   and   build   quality   products   that   are   functional   and   last .   never   again .   i   will   buy   bosch ,   lg ,   samsung   or   spend   the   extra   money   onmiele   next   time .
very   annoying .   only   a   30   day   return   policy   too   do   not   buy   this   ever .   when   door   closes   it   automatically   turns   on   and   you   are   unable   to   start   any   kind   of   cooking   options ,   very   annoying .   only   a   30   day   return   policy   too .
ge   jvm1540smss   over   the   range   microwave   oven   caught   on   fire   mine   caught   on   fire .   the   inner   top   service   cover   that   is   made   out   of   plastic   caught   on   fire .
five   stars   works   great
right   size ,   right   power   microwave   the   danby   1100w   microwave   oven   has   proven   to   be   the   right   purchase   for   my   apartment .   the   unit   is   fairly   compact   given   it   s   power   rating ,   and   because   i   have   limited   counter   space   size   does   matter   to   me !   in   my   opinion   the   danby   is   an   excellent   product   and   made   in   america !   .
five   stars   very   good
this   microwave   is   noisy .   videoid   mobypru8yotebw   i   bought   this   microwave   recently .   it   seems   to   be   noisy   to   me .   either   i   got   defective   one ,   or   it   is   normal   for   such   microwaves .   please   listen   the   sound   from   the   video .   comments   are   welcome .   i   will   update   the   review   if   it   can   be   fixed .
perfect   for   apartment   living   i   bought   this   for   an   easy   to   use   microwave   for   my   elderly   parents .   they   love   it   and   use   it   way   too   much   now .
four   stars   powerful   for   it   s   size ,   fits   anywhere   especially   above   refrigerator   .
compact   and   cute   little   and   cute ,   and   it   does   the   job .   i   use   microwaves   mostly   only   for   melting   butter   and   chocolate ,   and   for   making   popcorn .   we   had   gotten   rid   of   a   big ,   old   one ,   but   my   husband   likes   to   have   one   for   reheating   food ,   so   we   succumbed .   opening   the   door   with   one   hand   is   difficult   or   impossible ,   but   the   price   and   the   size   are   right   and   thus ,   a   good   review .
it   helps   to   read   the   owner   s   manual   and   about   those   peeling   handles   full   disclosure ,   owned   the   previous   model   psa1201rss   for   two   years .   this   model   has   a   tsb   out   for   peeling   door   handles   as   one   other   reviewer   wrote   .   however ,   their   review   is   not   for   this   improved   model .   if   you   have   an   advantium   oven   with   the   peeling   door   handle   don   t   just   order   the   handle   replace   the   whole   door .   it   is   a   new   handle   design   that   addresses   the   problem .   my   door   was   replaced   under   warranty .   br   br   bought   a   new   house ,   miss   our   oven   so   much   we   re   having   one   installed   here .   if   you   re   considering   one   remember   this   br   br   1   you   cannot   run   it   as   a   microwave   with   the   metal   tray   and   or   racks   in   it   will   dramatically   shorten   its   life   br   2   you   cannot   run   it   as   an   oven   without   the   metal   tray   at   least   in   it   will   dramatically   shorten   its   life .   br   3   you   cannot   soak   the   control   panel   down   with   soapy   water   to   clean   it   you   can   short   it   out .   you   clean   it   simply   by   wiping   with   a   microfiber   cloth .   done .   br   br   all   three   of   these   points   are   in   the   owner   s   manual   which   i   m   going   to   speculate   a   lot   of   people   don   t   read .   when   i   sold   my   last   house   i   purposely   put   the   owner   s   manual   around   all   the   racks   outside   of   the   oven   and   wrote   a   note   to   the   new   owner ,   34   do   not   use   until   you   read .   34   br   br   ok   rant   over   here   is   the   goods .   br   br   this   does   almost   everything .   my   fiance   and   i   have   used   ours   for   br   br   we   have   used   it   for   proofing   dough ,   as   a   warming   oven ,   and   we   have   used   it   for   baking   and   cooking   as   a   convection   oven .   it   isn   t   quite   a   true   second   oven   replacement   read   on   but   it   provides   completely   even   temperatures   for   baking   so   things   like   cookies ,   cakes ,   pies ,   etc .   come   out   perfect   every   single   time .   br   br   you   can   program   it   to   come   on   at   a   set   time ,   cook   for   a   set   period ,   at   a   set   temperature   and   then   stop .   br   br   the   speed   cook   function   is   tremendous .   it   combines   the   microwave   and   halogen   oven   at   the   same   time .   because   the   microwave   is   used   at   reduced   power ,   you   can   use   the   metal   tray   not   the   racks   for   speed   cook   mode .   br   br   you   can   bake   two   large   potatoes ,   crispy   skin   on   the   outside   cooking   trick ,   brush   with   olive   oil   for   crispy   skin   and   sprinkle   with   kosher   salt   on   the   outside   in   13   minutes .   they   are   fluffy   inside ,   not   microwaved   34   streamed   34   tasting .   br   br   you   can   cook   reheat   frozen   foods   in   1   3   to   1   2   the   time   on   the   package .   so   frozen   taquitos   can   be   booked   in   9   minutes   instead   of   27 .   you   can   bake   crescent   rolls   in   the   can   in   about   1   2   the   time   you   would   in   a   conventional   oven ,   crispy   outside ,   flaky   inside .   br   br   there   are   hundreds   of   pre   programmed   cook   settings   for   a   wide   range   of   food   items   and   dishes .   whether   you   re   using   it   as   a   simple   microwave   to   cook   bacon ,   or   you   re   using   the   speed   cook   function   to   roast   meat .   yes ,   you   can   even   roast   in   it .   br   br   the   capacity   for   a   microwave   is   huge ,   at   1.7   cubic   feet ,   and   if   you   re   a   family   of   2   or   3 ,   you   ll   probably   find   yourself   using   this   for   most   of   your   baking   needs .   i   rarely   used   our   oven .   br   br   so   what   can   t   it   do   br   br   certain   food   types   won   t   bake   well   using   speed   cook   or   the   convection   halogen   cooking   that   is   why   i   say   it   isn   t   a   perfect   stand   in   for   a   second   oven   if   you   want   100   versatility .   it   can   t   broil   the   240   volt   version   apparently   can   .   in   addition   we   have   found   certain   vegetables ,   like   whole   spaghetti   squash ,   or   a   whole   roasted   cauliflower ,   won   t   cook   properly   in   the   oven .   the   insides   never   seem   to   heat   up   when   used   strictly   as   a   conventional   convection   oven .   as   a   microwave   or   speed   cook   no   problem .   br   br   we   found   this   to   be   a   huge   time   saver   and   we   just   bought   this   unit   for   installation   in   our   home .   br   br   oh ,   and   on   the   peeling   handles   again   that   was   the   previous   model .   this   model   has   the   redesign   and   does   not   have   that   issue . ok   mode .   br   br   you   can   bake   two   large   potatoes ,   crispy   skin   on   the   outside   cooking   trick ,   brush   with   olive   oil   for   crispy   skin   and   sprinkle   with   kosher   salt   on   the   outside   in   13   minutes .   they   are   fluffy   inside ,   not   microwaved   34   streamed   34   tasting .   br   br   you   can   cook   reheat   frozen   foods   in   1   3   to   1   2   the   time   on   the   package .   so   frozen   taquitos   can   be   booked   in   9   minutes   instead   of   27 .   you   can   bake   crescent   rolls   in   the   can   in   about   1   2   the   time   you   would   in   a   conventional   oven ,   crispy   outside ,   flaky   inside .   br   br   there   are   hundreds   of   pre   programmed   cook   settings   for   a   wide   range   of   food   items   and   dishes .   whether   you   re   using   it   as   a   simple   microwave   to   cook   bacon ,   or   you   re   using   the   speed   cook   function   to   roast   meat .   yes ,   you   can   even   roast   in   it .   br   br   the   capacity   for   a   microwave   is   huge ,   at   1.7   cubic   feet ,   and   if   you   re   a   family   of   2   or   3 ,   you   ll   probably   find   yourself   using   this   for   most   of   your   baking   needs .   i   rarely   used   our   oven .   br   br   so   what   can   t   it   do   br   br   certain   food   types   won   t   bake   well   using   speed   cook   or   the   convection   halogen   cooking   that   is   why   i   say   it   isn   t   a   perfect   stand   in   for   a   second   oven   if   you   want   100   versatility .   it   can   t   broil   the   240   volt   version   apparently   can   .   in   addition   we   have   found   certain   vegetables ,   like   whole   spaghetti   squash ,   or   a   whole   roasted   cauliflower ,   won   t   cook   properly   in   the   oven .   the   insides   never   seem   to   heat   up   when   used   strictly   as   a   conventional   convection   oven .   as   a   microwave   or   speed   cook   no   problem .   br   br   we   found   this   to   be   a   huge   time   saver   and   we   just   bought   this   unit   for   installation   in   our   home .   br   br   oh ,   and   on   the   peeling   handles   again   that   was   the   previous   model .   this   model   has   the   redesign   and   does   not   have   that   issue .
unsafe   product   bought   th   microwave   about   24   months   ago   and   it   died   last   night .   no   error   but   smell   of   electrical   material   was   evident .   i   was   fearfully   of   a   fire   breaking   out .   we   unplugged   it   and   called   samsung .   they   instructed   us   in   troubleshooting   but   to   no   avail .   i   then   started   to   read   reviews   and   now   i   plan   to   replace   with   another   brand   because   this   is   a   dangerous   br   appliance .   definitely   not   worth   repairing   for   both   financial   and   safety   reasons .   i   advise   not   yo   buy   samsung   this   appliance   should   have   been   recalled
great   buy   for   the   money   hard   to   beat   for   the   price .   bought   this   for   a   temporary   living   situation   and   couldn   t   ask   for   more   for   the   price .   as   an   older   person   the   only   improvement   would   be   larger   buttons   for   the   start   stop   but   that   would   add   cost .   cooks   fast   and   is   an   excellent   choice .
just   stop   beeping ! !   this   microwave   cooks   well   and   looks   ok .....   the   problem   is   the   stupid   beeper   that   won   t   quit   beeping   until   you   open   the   door ! !   there   isn   t   a   way   to   turn   this   annoying   feature   off   either .   if   you   want   peace   and   quiet   look   elsewhere .   but ,   if   you   like   high   pitch   annoying   sounds   this   is   the   microwave   for   you .
unless   you   re   willing   to   go   thru   the   tedious   process   of   properly   preparing   and   priming   i   have   extensive   experience   in   refinishing   metals   it   is   difficult   to   get   paint   to   adhere   to   aluminum .   br   i   power   sanded   the   entire   interior   down   to   bare   metal .   br   contrary   to   the   label   claims ,   this   paint   does   not   adhere   to   bare   metal ! !   br   once   dried ,   it   scrapes   off   with   your   fingernail .   br   q   the   factory   paint   failed   despite   having   been   primed   so   how   could   this   paint   work   with   no   primer   br   a   it   can   t !   br   if   i   were   to   repeat   this   process ,   i   d   have   first   primed   it   with   a   high   temp ,   self   etching   automotive   primer .   br   maybe   then   there   d   be   a   prayer   of   success ...   br   bottom   line   unless   you   re   willing   to   go   thru   the   tedious   process   of   properly   preparing   and   priming ,   don   t   waste   your   time   or   money   on   this   product .   br   ps   2   cans   are   required   to   adequately   refinish   the   entire   interior
five   stars   great   product   for   the   money .
but   fits   nicely   over   the   range   looked   large   in   the   box ,   but   fits   nicely   over   the   range .   looks   great   and   works   great .   has   met   all   expectations   and   for   a   lot   less   than   other   microwaves   for   more .
five   stars   great   price   easy   to   use
four   stars   great   for   dorm   rooms
pros   and   cons   after   owning   one   for   6   years   we   have   had   this   microwave   for   about   6   years   now ,   the   light   button   has   just   stopped   working   but   everything   else   works   on   it   still .   br   br   pro   after   reading   the   manual   we   were   able   to   type   in   a   button   combo   that   mutes   the   annoying   beep .   this   was   a   nice   feature   to   add   in .   it   cooks   fine   and   we   are   happy   with   it .   br   br   con   minor   inconvenience ,   when   cooking   popcorn   about   3   bags   of   it   one   after   another   there   is   a   thermal   cutoff   sensor   that   shuts   the   microwave   off   if   it   gets   too   hot ,   this   is   easily   solved   by   just   letting   the   microwave   cool   off   or   cooking   bags   of   popcorn   on   a   plate .   br   br   this   microwave   is   extremely   cheap   and   if   we   have   to   because   it   would   cost   more   to   replace   the   control   panel   light   button   than   it   would   to   replace   the   whole   thing   we   would   probably   buy   it   again .
good   value   in   a   stainless   microwave !   this   is   a   beautiful   microwave   that   happens   to   match   all   our   other   appliances .   i   bought   it   to   replace   a   samsung   that   had   burned   out .   it   does   an   adequate   job   but   the   food ,   cooked   for   the   same   length   of   time   is   not   as   hot   as   with   the   samsung .   each   microwave   had   the   same   power   but   the   samsung   was   more   powerful .   i   should   add   that   it   was   also   more   expensive !   the   whirlpool   is   a   good   buy !
modern   and   practical !   love   this   drawer   microwave !   we   have   kids   and   it   is   so   easy   for   them   to   make   popcorn   or   warm   up   their   milk .   besides   that   i   am   5   2   34   and   reaching   traditional   microwaves   is   always   tough   and   impossible   to   clean   without   a   stool .   not   with   this   one !   so   great !
make   your   microwave   interior   look   almost   brand   new .   this   is   an   excellent   paint .   follow   the   steps   when   painting   and   be   sure   that   you   do   this   in   a   well   ventilated   space !
ge   should   be   embarrassed .   in   all   seriousness ...   shame   on   you   ge .   br   i   purchased   this   microwave   a   little   more   than   a   year   ago .   and   of   course   it   is   now   out   of   warrantee .   and   thus   falling   apart ...   literally !   br   the   34   metal   34   handle   is   not   actually   metal ,   it   is   cheap   plastic   with   metallic   looking   tape   on   it .   and   the   tape   is   peeling   off .   when   i   called   ge   they   said   34   it   s   probably   due   to   the   heat   from   the   stove   below .   34   i   told   them ,   34   it   s   an   over   the   range   microwave ! ! !   it   should   not   fall   apart   because   of   heat .   34   to   which   they   replied ,   34   sorry .   new   handle   is   100   bucks   plus   another   100   for   someone   to   come   out   and   install   it .   34   br   i   wish   i   could   post   a   picture   of   the   defective   part   here   but   the   site   doesn   t   allow   me .   br   after   a   lifetime   of   thinking   ge   was   the   go   to   brand   for   good   quality   products ...   this   microwave   will   be   the   last   ge   appliance   i   ever   buy .
lg   supposed   to   be   a   good   brand   product   that   i   knew   don   t   buy   this   microwave .   i   had   the   board   fail   in   two   weeks .   got   it   replaced .   this   microwave   is   extremely   loud .   lg   supposed   to   be   a   good   brand   product   that   i   knew ,   the   turntable   stopped   working   just   after   one   year   after   the   warranty   expired .   it   will   cost   more   to   repair   than   buy   new .   sucks ! !   i   will   go   for   a   different   brand .
i   won   t   buy   appliance   online   again .   appliance   was   the   right   one   to   match   my   other   appliances   but   did   not   work   on   power   up .   there   is   not   a   service   tech   that   is   backed   by   the   company   seller .   so   it   had   to   be   sent   back .   my   money   was   refunded   pronto   but   i   would   rather   have   the   applince
looks   good ,   but   if   you   want   an   oven   that   lasts   this   isn   t   the   one !   we   purchased   our   oven   in   december   2011 .   no   problems   until   recently   when   we   tried   to   start   the   oven   it   would   show   34   pause   34   on   the   display   and   not   come   on   at   all .   now   it   just   comes   on   if   the   door   is   closed   and   nothing   has   been   entered   on   the   key   pad .   short   lived   junk   as   far   as   i   am   concerned .   my   last   microwave   lasted   5   times   as   long   and   was   still   working   when   i   gave   it   away   to   go   to   this   over   the   oven   unit .   quality   is   long   gone .
works   great .   quiet   and   powerful   impressive   for   the   price , works   great .   quiet   and   powerful .   opening   the   door   is   two   handed   sometimes   but   a   good   value .
wonderful   features   while   it   works !   ugh   the   headaches .   purchased   4   years   ago   and   everyone   seems   to   be   having   the   same   problems .   mine   was   wonderful   while   it   worked .   then   after   2   years   the   dreaded   beeping ,   touchpad   operating   by   itself ,   started   happening .   luckily   i   purchased   the   5   year   warranty .   so   out   came   the   repair   man ... after   much   hemming   and   hawing ,   the   door   electronics   needed   replacement .   550.00   and   it   worked   again .   fast   forward   to   2014 ,   guess   what   yep   same   problem   starts   again .   touchpad   not   working ,   beeping ,   self   activating   all   over   again .   so   again   trusty   warranty   comes   in   handy ... out   comes   another   repair   man ... yep   hemming   and   hawing .... another   550.00   for   new   door   with   electronics .   this   time   the   warranty   company   calls   me ... complaining   they   just   repaired   2   years   ago ... i   explained   these   are   happening   to   velos   units   all   over   the   internet .   they   agreed   to   repair   one   more   time .. or   refund   my   purchase   price !   ill   have   think   on   it ..   buyer   beware
everything   is   good   so   far   everything   is   good   so   far .   the   price   was   low   and   i   didn   t   know   the   brand .   but   took   a   chance .   i   have   had   no   problmns .
five   stars   a   very   nice   product !   i   especially   like   the   night   light .
the   product   delivers   great !   seems   to   be   holding   up   just   fine .   i   sanded   and   cleaned   the   area   as   directed   and   put   on   several   coats ,   allowing   the   paint   to   dry   in   between   coats .   i   finished   it   off   with   a   light   sanding   using   extra   fine   sand   paper .   the   color   is   slightly   off ,   but   otherwise   it   looks   and   feels   like   new .   i   also   have   plenty   left   should   i   need   to   touch .
we   installed   this   microwave   three   months   ago   and   it   was   ...   we   installed   this   microwave   three   months   ago   and   it   was   working   well   until   several   days   ago   when   we   set   the   convection   bake   to   heat   at   375   degrees   and   after   15   minutes   the   device   completely   shutdown .   it   has   completely   died .   i   set   up   an   evaluation   and   repair   with   ge   between   8   12   am   and   by   11   30   am ,   they   still   hadn   t   showed   up   and   i   needed   to   leave   for   the   office .   btw ,   i   had   a   similar   experience   when   i   scheduled   a   repair   for   my   ge   washer .   i   will   never   by   ge   again !   after   3   months ,   to   have   problems   with   a   brand   new   appliance   is   unacceptable .
love   the   cube   space   saving   shape   great   space   saving   option   if   kitchen   area   is   tight .   plenty   of   power   to   get   small   jobs   done .   we   use   it   at   a   small   cabin   and   it   really   saves   a   lot   space   in   our   small   kitchen .
cheapy   door   and   button   panel   returning   door   doesn   t   open   when   you   hit   the   button ,   you   have   to   hold   the   button   in   with   one   hand   and   then   pull   the   door   open   with   a   2nd   hand .   buttons   are   cheapy ,   just   a   cardboard   panel   comes   with   a   2nd   cardboard   panel   in   french   to   swap   out   .   seems   like   it   heats   ok ,   but   the   door   is   a   deal   breaker .   i   m   returning   it   i   ve   never   returned   anything   from   amazon ,   but   i   hate   it   that   much   .
serious   defect   caused   it   to   run   continuously   after   18   months   fire   hazard ! !   this   microwave   was   new   to   my   home   when   i   moved   in .   after   18   months ,   the   door   switch   broke   which   meant   that   any   time   the   door   was   shut ,   the   microwave   spontaneously   turned   itself   on   and   didn   t   turn   off   until   the   door   was   opened   .   fortunately ,   this   occurred   while   we   were   home   otherwise   the   microwave   might   have   started   a   huge   fire   from   continuously   running   empty !   because   it   was   out   of   warranty ,   frigidaire   customer   service   was   ridiculously   unhelpful   the   representative   told   me   that   i   would   have   to   pay   150.00   just   to   send   someone   out   to   confirm   what   the   problem   was ,   and   then   pay   for   additional   parts   and   labor   to   fix   it !   instead   i   ditched   the   piece   of   garbage   and   bought   a   samsung .   i   would   never   buy   a   frigidaire   product   again .   p . s .   i   also   had   a   similar   experience   with   my   two   year   old   frigidaire   gas   range ,   where   the   glass   oven   door   spontaneously   shattered   while   sitting   idle .   run   fast   and   far   from   frigidaire .
space   saving   and   works ...   works   great   and   saves   space   in   our   tiny   kitchen .   it   s   small   though   cannot   fit   anything   larger   than   a   dinner   plate   or   taller   than   a   large   coffee   mug .
did   the   job   and   has   held   up   even   after   a   ...   did   the   job   and   has   held   up   even   after   a   year   of   use   it   has   extended   the   life   on   the   microwave .
exactly   what   i   needed   to   repair   my   microwave   at   about   ...   exactly   what   i   needed   to   repair   my   microwave   at   about   a   1   4   of   the   price   that   most   appliance   parts   retailers   wanted .
do   not   buy   so   disappointed ! !   bought   this   july   2013   and   our   kitchen   was   not   ready   yet ,   so   we   didn   t   put   it   in   until   a   few   months   ago   and   it   worked   fine   we   probably   used   it   only   couple   dozen   times   and   my   husband   went   to   warm   up   our   daughters   food   wednesday   and   nothing !   completely   34   dead   34   !   will   not   turn   on ,   no   buttons   works ,   etc .   br   br   this   is   extremely   disappointing   and   our   warranty   was   up   july   2014 ! !   br   br   this   is   why   you   do   not   spend   800   on   a   microwave   and   i   will   never   purchase   a   sharp   product   ever   again ! ! ! ! ! !   br   br   totally   sad   and   disappointed .
three   stars   ok
it   s   easy   to   use   it   works   very   well .   it   s   easy   to   use .   it   runs   quieter   then   our   old   one .   and   it   heats   and   reheats   everything   we   want .   the   only   thing   i   notice   is   it   s   very   light   weight .   it   tips   easily ,   if   you   lean   on   it .
good ,   so   far   this   was   rated   fairly   high   by   consumer   reports ,   and   usage   over   the   past   month   or   so   has   borne   that   out .   it   is   roomy   and   it   cooks   fairly   evenly   and   quickly .   the   basic   controls   are   fairly   intuitive ,   though   apparently   i   have   to   set   the   power   level   before   i   set   the   cook   time ,   rather   than   the   other   way   around   the   way   it   was   on   my   previous   microwave .   the   special   features ,   like   the   warm   up   with   sensors   that   shuts   off   when   the   food   starts   to   steam ,   are   things   that   i   don   t   seem   to   be   able   to   get   the   hang   of .   after   playing   with   the   inverter   defrost   button   and   keypad ,   i   was   able   to   start   using   that   in   the   cooking   of   certain   frozen   convenience   items .   i   don   t   like   the   push   button   opener   i   think   that   is   what   will   break   first ,   and   then   i   won   t   be   able   to   open   the   door .   i   do   not   regret   the   purchase   so   far .   if   the   machine   lasts   ten   years   like   the   prior   microwave   it   will   have   been   a   great   purchase .
loved   the   drawer   cupboard   installation   we   purchases   this   microwave   in   april   2014 ,   loved   the   drawer   cupboard   installation .   july   2 ,   2014   we   woke   up   to   a   very   bad   burning   odor   from   the   microwave ,   it   was   nit   in   use .   we   contacted   sharp   and   they   scheduled   a   service   company   to   have   a   look   at   it .   it   will   be   5   weeks   this   sat .   we   still   do   not   have   a   microwave .   we   have   been   informed   now   by   sharp   after   two   service   calls   that   our   microwave   need   to   be   picked   up   and   taken   off   site   to   be   tested .   br   i   would   never   purchase   this   microwave   again   and   wished   i   had   read   the   reviews   prior   to   purchasing   it .   the   burning   odor   is   obviously   a   problem   now   that   i   read   the   reviews .
whirlpool   microwave   i   have   a   small   kitchen .   this   fit   perfectly   in   a   corner   on   the   counter .   it   looks   super   cute   and   i   have   received   several   compliments .
one   star   it   did   not   work   upon   arrival
compact .   it   s   small ,   and   fits   perfectly   in   a   corner .   microwaves   things .
for   the   price   it   a   nice   unit ,   easy   to   use   etc   for   the   price   it   a   nice   unit ,   easy   to   use   etc .   only   negative   is   the   door   latch   button   is   hard   to   push   open
great   product   highly   recommend   you   will   not   regret   purchase   i   love   my   unit .   have   had   it   for   years .   very   easy   to   operate .   could   have   not   purchased   regular   oven .   this   one   does   it   all .   would   highly   recommend .
works   great ,   just   the   right   size   i   just   got   it   today ,   works   great ,   just   the   right   size ,   just   the   right   price   br   br   you   could   not   get   a   better   one   for   this   price .
fit   into   my   small   kitchen   just   fine .   not   very   big ,   fit   into   my   small   kitchen   just   fine .
five   stars   as   described
received   with   damages   in   the   back   and   on   the   sides   ...   received   with   damages   in   the   back   and   on   the   sides .   contacted   seller   with   no   response .   i   needed   a   microwave   so   i   didn   t   return   the   item .   it   is   overpriced ,   but   i   was   desperate   because   my   old   microwave   stopped   working .   i   gave   it   3   stars   because   i   think   this   is   a   refurbished   item   that   shouldn   t   be   claimed   as   new .   also ,   the   handle   is   made   of   plastic ,   not   stainless   steel   as   it   appears   to   be .   the   tape   made   to   look   like   stainless   steel   ,   keeps   peeling   from   the   heat   of   the   range ,   and   exposing   the   plastic   more   everyday .   i   have   had   this   microwave   for   8   months   now ,   and   half   of   the   tape   wrapped   around   the   plastic   handle   is   gone .   it   is   functional ,   but   looks   really   tacky .
works   as   advertised .   this   little   sucker   has   been   heating   up   our   food   reliably   for   going   on   a   year .   it   fit   into   a   cabinet   space   that   no   other   microwave   could   fit   into .   yeah ,   it   s   a   little   underpowered ,   but   you   get   used   to   that .   br   br   it   fits   a   whole   plate ,   which   is   nice ,   but   sometimes   if   you   have   a   larger   item   it   will   catch   against   the   wall   and   not   rotate .   full   size   popcorn   bags   have   this   problem   for   example .   br   br   but   overall ,   great   option   if   you   need   a   microwave   to   fit   into   a   very   small   space .
oven   seems   like   it   will   be   okay   but   ge   does   have   their   ...   arrived   full   of   dents   and   broken   exhaust   mount .   had   to   have   ge   repair   come   over   and   send   a   replacement .   seller   should   have   replaced   unit   but   ge   made   it   work   out .   oven   seems   like   it   will   be   okay   but   ge   does   have   their   problems .   let   s   see   if   this   one   lasts   longer   than   3   years ,   the   ge   oven   i   replaced   did   not .
bad   microwave ,   bad   service   i   purchased   this   model   in   stainless   steel   three   years   ago .   problems   i   found   with   it   were   mostly   concerning   the   sensor   cooking   being   completely   inaccurate .   some   items   cooked   or   were   warmed   too   little   and   some   were   much   too   hot .   it   was   easier   to   simply   time   it   myself .   but   the   straw   that   broke   the   camel   s   back   for   me   on   this   unit   was   how   long   it   lasted .   it   simply   quit   heating   last   week   after   being   35   months   old .   everything   else   works   but   nothing   gets   warmed   or   cooked ,   leading   me   to   believe   the   magnetron   went   bad .   the   microwave   comes   with   a   one   year   parts   and   labor   warranty   and   a   ten   year   parts   only   warranty   on   the   magnetron .   in   speaking   to   an   authorized   repair   center   for   samsung ,   i   was   told   i   would   pay   a   99   trip   charge   to   determine   what   is   wrong ,   and   if   it   is   the   magnetron ,   an   order   would   be   placed   with   samsung   for   the   part   which   will   take   three   to   six   weeks   to   arrive   and   then   i   would   have   to   pay   another   trip   charge   and   labor   to   r   r   the   magnetron .   bottom   line   even   with   the   magnetron   warranty ,   it   will   cost   me   more   than   i   paid   for   the   microwave   to   repair   it .   i   have   had   several   microwaves   since   1978   when   they   became   popular .   i   have   never   had   one   that   lasted   less   than   10   years .   when   this   one   went   bad   last   week ,   i   pulled   out   a   countertop   model   sharp   carousel   that   i   bought   15   years   ago   and   am   using   it ,   still   working   perfectly .   i   went   to   lowe   s   where   i   purchased   the   unit   and   told   the   salesman   that   i   went   all   samsung   three   years   ago   while   remodeling   my   kitchen   and   am   now   worried   about   the   other   units ,   particularly   the   refrigerator   because   it   is   making   noise   that   it   shouldn   t .   he   told   me   that   he   has   had   more   complaints   about   samsung   microwaves   than   any   other   brand   and   any   other   kind   of   appliance ,   and   the   only   kind   of   appliance   that   samsung   has   not   had   numerous   complaints   on   is   their   ranges .   i   have   had   serious   issues   with   samsung   s   customer   service   in   the   past   due   to   owning   many   of   their   electronics .   if   you   read   any   reviews   about   their   service   after   the   sale ,   you   will   find   it   is   virtually   nonexistent .   but   i   wrote   an   email   to   samsung   letting   them   know   that   in   my   opinion ,   a   microwave   should   last   longer   than   three   years   and   am   very   disappointed   with   the   product .   naturally ,   i   have   not   received   a   response   of   any   kind .   i   strongly   suggest   anyone   considering   buying   a   samsung   microwave   to   look   elsewhere .   they   are   not   built   to   last   and   getting   service   after   the   sale   from   them   is   impossible .
failed   after   8   months   i   bought   this   microwave   less   than   a   year   ago .   worked   fine   for   reheating   and   defrosting   items ,   but   being   a   700   watt   microwave ,   it   did   take   longer   to   do   those   things .   one   day ,   after   8   months   of   use ,   i   placed   a   cup   of   coffee   to   reheat ,   and   it   failed   to   work   power   on ,   lights   working ,   but   no   luck .   don   t   waste   your   money   or   time .
an   easy   fix   to   a   big   problem .   when   i   broke   the   plate   in   my   microwave   i   didn   t   know   what   to   do .   br   this   was   perfect   and   solved   a   huge   problem .
four   stars   this   is   a   good   turntable   place   fo   rmy   microwave   perfect   fit .
pretty   basic   features   this   small   microwave   has   worked   well   for   my   small   kitchen .   pretty   basic   features ,   but   has   worked   fine .
five   stars   good
worst   appliance   i   have   ever   owned .   never   worked   well ,   intermittently   stops   working   then   starts   again .   i   would   have   returned   this   in   the   first   week ,   but   once   this   monster   is   hung   on   the   wall ,   and   it   s   made   its   first   bag   of   popcorn ,   who   keeps   the   shipping   box   it   finally   died   after   the   fan   would   not   turn   off ,   now   it   s   completely   inert .   the   only   bright   side   is   it   will   fit   in   my   community   s   garbage   cans .   this   unit   has   been   a   frustration   since   installation .
i   received   the   microwave   but   it   is   not   working   at   ...   i   received   the   microwave   but   it   is   not   working   at   all .   then   i   need   to   return   it ,   just   wasting   my   time .
perfect   for   us   we   purchased   and   installed   this   over   the   range   microwave   as   a   replacement   for   a   25   year   old   one .   this   is   sharp   is   just   perfect .   we   required   one   with   the   recirculating   feature   because   we   have   no   way   to   vent   it ,   and   this   type   is   not   easy   to   find .
love   this .   microwave   is   not   on   the   counter   or   ...   love   this .   microwave   is   not   on   the   counter   or   looming   over   the   stove .   i   ve   had   it   a   year   now ,   no   complaints .   smooth   opening   and   closing ,   nothing   spills .
very   happy   i   just   received   this .   i   was   looking   for   the   most   compact   microwave   with   the   best   reviews   and   this   was   it .   so   far ,   i   tried   boiling   a   cup   of   water   and   fixed   a   baked   potato .   it   works   just   great .   yes ,   i   would   recommend   this .
gets   the   job   done   at   a   great   price   gets   the   job   done   and   it   was   a   great   price !
works   great .   figuring   out   how   to   warm   without   presets   is   ...   as   advertised ,   compact ,   works   great .   figuring   out   how   to   warm   without   presets   is   kind   of   complicated .   not   impossible   however .
it   fits   nicely   it   fits   nicely   into   the   corner   of   the   counter ... doesn   t   take   up   as   much   counter   space .   but ...   it   does   not   cook   as   fast   as   a   large   microwave   but   for   popcorn   and   heating   coffee   it   does   just   fine !
low   budget   great   microwave   family   is   so   busy   with   working   and   kids .   when   old   microwave   died   right   after   moving   and   expecting   a   baby ,   money   was   very   tight .   my   mom   saw   our   needs   and   purchased   this   microwave   as   a   surprise   .   this   little   thing   is   just   right   for   our   smaller   kitchen .. it   reheat   foods   fast   and   works   great   .   family   is   very   pleased .
from   a   creative   genius   mind !   the   person   who   designed   this   should   have   won   a   prize !   makes   the   most   of   a   small   corner   space   and   is   more   efficient   about   20   more   efficient .   great   purchase !
five   stars   great   for   work
i   personally   have   used   it   now   for   several   weeks   and   can   only   recommend   it   to   an   older   less   complicated   user   who   doesn   t   ...   some   of   the   previous   reviewers   buyers   were   somewhat   negative   about   various   aspects   of   this   item .   i   personally   have   used   it   now   for   several   weeks   and   can   only   recommend   it   to   an   older   less   complicated   user   who   doesn   t   need   or   want   all   of   the   bells   and   whistles   that   younger   folks   seem   to   find   lacking   in   this   product .   not   my   take   on   it   and   it   performs   well   for   me   and   i   use   it   sometimes   several   times   each   day   for   meals ,   beverages ,   snacks   etc .   great   value   for   the   money !
i   love   this   little   microwave   i   love   this   little   microwave .   it   fits   on   my   countertop   easily   and   does   not   take   up   a   lot   of   space .   it   is   large   enough   to   heat   everything   i   use   a   microwave   for .   the   controls   are   intuitive   and   easy   to   use .   the   high   setting   is   only   700   watts   which   is   less   than   the   1100   watts   i   was   used   to   so   cooking   tends   to   take   a   bit   longer .   the   only   minor   annoyance   i   have   after   several   days   of   use   is   that   i   have   to   remove   the   turntable   to   fit   my   coffee   cup   in   the   oven .   my   cup   measures   6   34   tall   and   is   just   a   tad   too   tall   to   fit   with   the   turntable   in .   however ,   i   found   if   i   remove   the   turntable   and   set   the   cup   on   the   spindle   that   turns ,   it   fits   perfectly .
it   s   26   and   1   2   so   there   was   a   1   4   gap   on   both   sides   would   look   nice   if   it   27   trim   kit   isn   t   27   inches .   it   s   26   and   1   2   so   there   was   a   1   4   gap   on   both   sides   would   look   nice   if   it   fit
buy   a   one   year   warranty   extension   this   exact   microwave   model   was   custom   installed   by   our   home   builder   using   a   trim   kit .   the   manufacturing   date   on   the   unit   was   august   2012 .   we   moved   in   the   house   and   began   using   the   microwave   in   april   2013 .   the   operation   and   capabilities   were   more   than   satisfactory .   i   purchased   a   4   year   warranty   extension   in   april   2013   through   whirlpool   but   is   actually   backed   by   assurant   service   protection ,   inc .   br   br   in   july   2014 ,   the   microwave   ceased   to   heat .   i   contacted   the   service   department   at   assurant   who   connected   me   with   a   local   appliance   repair   business .   the   appliance   repair   technician   advised   that   this   microwave   unit   is   not   serviceable .   so   i   went   back   to   assurant ,   who   after   several   calls ,   offered   approximately   75   of   the   cost   of   a   new   microwave   as   outlined   in   their   service   contract .   if   it   had   been   within   the   first   year   of   ownership ,   a   new   microwave   would   have   been   provided   to   me .   br   br   the   four   year   service   contract   cost   129 .   the   offer   was   for   178 .   if   i   had   it   do   again ,   i   would   have   purchased   a   one   year   warranty   extension   for   30   instead   of   the   four   year   warranty   extension .   br   br   i   am   going   to   replace   the   failed   microwave   with   the   same   model   so   i   can   retain   the   custom   trim   and   cabinetry   in   the   kitchen .   i   will   purchase   a   1   year   extension   so   that   i   can   repeat   the   replacement   if   necessary   in   a   couple   of   years .   i   also   ordered   some   parts   for   30   through   amazon   and   will   try ,   as   an   experiment ,   to   repair   the   failed   microwave .  
the   first   one   was   a   nice   model .   this   one   has   served   well   purchased   as   a   replacement   for   one   that   had   been   destroyed   by   a   tenant   who   microwaved   a   plastic   cup .   the   first   one   was   a   nice   model .   this   one   has   served   well ,   as   well .
i   love   love   love   it   i   love   love   love   it !   i   got   rid   of   my   previous   huge   shrine   to   the   microwave   cabinet ,   set   this   cute   little   one   in   the   corner   where   it   occupies   counter   space   that   s   unusuable   anyway   and   gained   several   valuable   square   feet   of   cabinet   storage   on   my   wall .   it   does   everything   it   needs   to   perfectly .   no   keypad   no   problem .   it   s   small   but   who   roasts   a   turkey   in   the   microwave   it   will   still   hold   four   ears   of   corn ,   a   large   round   casserole   dish ,   and   plenty   tall   enough   to   do   just   about   anything   you   want .   i   m   sure   i   m   saving   energy   too   by   not   using   my   huge   microwave   to   warm   a   half   cup   of   coffee !   get   one !
five   stars   perfect
works   better   than   i   thought   it   would .   worked   so   much   better   than   i   expected .   two   light   coats   and   it   looked   like   new .
three   stars   fast   shipment ,   decent   product .   doesn   t   cook   evenly .
great   when   it   works   this   may   or   may   not   be   a   solution   for   you   but   it   worked   for   me .   br   my   smh8165st   was   purchased   in   january   of   2012 .   in   march   of   2014   it   started   having   the   se   errors   and   similar   to   others   on   this   site ,   would   start   on   its   own ,   night   light   would   go   off   and   on   on   its   own ,   beep   every   15   minutes ,   etc .   br   i   tried   all   of   the   youtube   and   other   suggestions   with   removing   the   circuit   board ,   cleaning   all   the   connections .   originally   this   worked   for   two   weeks ,   and   then   the   problems   restarted .   kept   on   repeating   the   process   for   the   next   2   months   with   the   time   interval   getting   shorter   and   shorter   between   cleanings .   br   the   last   time   i   left   the   power   on   when   reinstalling   the   panel   and   the   system   worked   fine .   oops ,   forgot   to   reinstall   the   circuit   board   mounting   bracket .   br   reinstalled   the   panel   with   the   mounting   bracket ,   again   with   live   power   and   the   se   error   came   on   instantly .   br   repeated   the   process   three   times ,   no   errors   without   the   circuit   board   mounting   bracket   se   errors   with   the   circuit   board   mounting   bracket .   br   with   a   large   magnifying   glass ,   i   discovered   a   very ,   very   small   scratch   on   the   ribbon   cable   between   the   circuit   board   and   the   control   panel .   this   scratch   lines   up   with   a   very   sharp   edge   on   the   circuit   board   mounting   bracket   and   it   seemed   that   through   vibration   and   general   use   the   ribbon   cable   was   starting   the   have   a   direct   contact   between   the   embedded   wires   in   the   ribbon   cable   and   the   sharp   edge   of   the   mounting   bracket ,   more   than   likely   causing   the   strange   se   errors .   br   i   covered   the   sharp   edge   on   the   mounting   bracket   with   electrician   s   tape ,   as   well   as   the   ribbon   cable   where   it   bent   around   the   mounting   bracket   projection .   br   then   while   reinstalling   the   panel   with   live   power ,   i   tried   twisting   the   panel ,   hitting   it   against   the   edge   of   the   microwave ,   jiggling   all   the   wires   and   all   sorts   of   moves   to   see   if   the   se   error   would   show   up .   no   errors   showed   up .   br   the   microwave   has   been   working   perfectly   for   two   months   now .   it   my   case   it   is   most   likely   that   the   manufacturing   process   was   at   fault   for   installing   the   ribbon   cable   tight   against   a   sharp   edge   of   the   circuit   board   mounting   bracket .   br   i   would   give   this   microwave   4   stars   if   it   wasn   t   for   the   poor   quality   control   during   manufacturing . e   manufacturing   process   was   at   fault   for   installing   the   ribbon   cable   tight   against   a   sharp   edge   of   the   circuit   board   mounting   bracket .   br   i   would   give   this   microwave   4   stars   if   it   wasn   t   for   the   poor   quality   control   during   manufacturing .
door   handle   broke   after   3   years   the   door   near   the   bottom   handle   mount   suddenly   cracked ,   causing   the   handle   to   fall   off ,   and   the   front   glass   panel   to   slide   down .   wow ,   this   is   the   first   time   i   ve   seen   a   microwave   oven   break   like   this ,   especially   an   expensive   high   end   unit   like   this   one !   it   appears   to   be   a   design   flaw   the   door   hook   springs   feel   unusually   strong ,   resulting   in   some   unnecessary   stress   on   the   door   when   closing .   still ,   this   seems   like   a   really   silly   thing   for   a   high   end   microwave   oven .   br   br   i   recommend   you   avoid   this .
well   built !   very   well   made   with   stainless   interior .   cooks   well   but   has   few   bells   and   whistles ,   which   is   fine .   four   stars   because   visibility   while   cooking   is   not   what   i   m   used   to .   still   a   good   deal   for   the   price
one   star   did   not   work   so   i   returned   it
what   a   rip   off !   do   not   buy   samsung   microwave   ovens ... ! ! !   i   am   only   adding   my   review   so   that   i   can   lower   the   star   count   on   this   piece   of   garbage .   i   have   no   new   information   to   add   that   has   not   already   been   thoroughly   covered   by   the   other   reviewers .   i   also   have   the   se   error   and   my   microwave   that   just   recently   went   out   of   warranty   is   now   useless .   do   not   buy   samsung   microwave   ovens ... ! ! !
simple ,   inexpensive   and   straight   forward   option   this   microwave   works   well   on   a   counter   top .   my   previous   microwave   had   a   analog   timer   so   i   m   obviously   not   too   picky   about   microwaves .   it   should   get   the   job   done   on   most   foods .   the   quality   is   a   bit   iffy   though   because   the   first   one   i   received   from   amazon   was   half   34   caved   in ,   34   literally !   it   s   really   lightweight   and   simple   in   design .   a   good   inexpensive   option   for   regular   everyday   heating .
exactly   what   was   needed   for   my   638   sq   ft   condo   this   is   just   adorable   not   quite   the   power   of   my   old   and   huge   microwave   oven .   this   one   is   sleek   and   small   and   very   high   tech   looking .   it   tucks   in   under   my   kitchen   countertop   and   in   a   corner ,   out   of   the   way .   i   have   to   nuke   things   a   bit   longer   with   this   one ,   but   that   s   okay .
wonderful   product .   my   first   time   using   anything   like   this   ...   wonderful   product .   my   first   time   using   anything   like   this   for   microwave   repair   of   burned   areas .   i   was   not   sure   if   it   would   work ,   but   to   my   surprise   it   exceeded   my   expections .   i   highly   reccomend   this   product .
four   stars   still   learning   how   to   use   it .
the   template   was   completely   wrong   on   where   to   put   the   ...   the   template   was   completely   wrong   on   where   to   put   the   screw   holes   on   top ,   resulting   in   too   many   holes   being   drilled   into   the   shelf   above .   other   than   that ,   this   was   a   solid   purchase .
can   t   beat   this   deal ... !   great   item ,   good   price ... great   quality .
the   button   to   open   the   microwave   door   is   too   tight   ...   the   button   to   open   the   microwave   door   is   too   tight .   you   need   both   hands   to   open   the   door .   if   i   m   not   too   lazy ,   i   would   return   it .
terrible   user   interface   compared   to   ge   dim   light   and   worthless   timer .   i   wanted   to   replace   our   ge   spacemaker   over   the   range   30   microwave   and   found   this   model   that   matched   well .   we   actually   have   the   black   version ,   but   it   is   otherwise   identical .   the   samsung   obviously   shares   the   same   basic   design   as   the   ge   with   a   redesigned   front   panel .   i   knew   and   trusted   the   samsung   brand   from   our   personal   electronics   such   as   several   smartphones   ,   so   picked   one   of   these   up   on   sale   at   a   local   retailer .   unfortunately ,   what   i   got   was   a   bare   bones   minimal   redesign   with   major   flaws .   it   s   like   they   took   the   basic   ge   design ,   made   it   super   cheap ,   and   replaced   the   panel   with   a   terrible   non   intuitive   redesign .   br   br   installation   was   easy   i   was   even   able   to   use   the   original   rear   mounting   plate   as   the   samsung   was ,   indeed ,   a   twin   of   the   ge   series .   this   microwave   fit   perfectly   into   our   30   wide   opening   with   very   minimal   gaps   on   each   side .   i   had   to   drill   new   holes   through   the   cabinet   above ,   however ,   as   the   top   was   slightly   different .   the   height   is   16   for   the   main   cabinet ,   16   5   8   to   the   very   bottom   of   the   light   box   underneath   not   shown   in   the   picture ,   but   it   s   there   .   i   plugged   it   in   and   quickly   realized   that   this   sure   isn   t   the   same   quality   as   the   ge   was .   br   br   the   first   and   most   annoying   thing   is   the   user   interface   on   the   front   panel .   the   buttons   are   hard   to   interpret ,   and   things   that   are   easy   on   the   ge   are   now   impossible   or   very   confusing .   heating   a   beverage   is   common ,   right   no   beverage   button   on   this   unit   you   need   to   discover   the   button   to   press   is   cook ,   and   then   wait   for   the   slowly   scrolling   text   to   confirm   you   are   correct   and   need   to   press   1   next .   br   br   what   about   canned   vegetables   there   s   a   veggies   button ,   so   this   should   be   easy .   not   so !   press   the   button ,   and   across   scrolls   select   ...   pause   ...   1   for   ...   pause   ...   fresh   ...   pause   again   ...   veggies   ...   um ,   i   know   it   s   vegetables ,   i   just   pressed   the   button !   ...   2   for   ...   yet   another   pause   ...   frozen   ...   darn ,   guess   it   must   be   3   ...   veggies   ...   clear   ...   select   ...   oh   no !   where   can   frozen   veggies   be   !   ...   etc .   at   least   the   select   doesn   t   scroll   when   it   appears ,   only   when   it   s   scrolling   away .   but   the   worst   part   is   seeing   the   veggies   on   the   display ,   alone ,   as   i   wait ,   knowing   full   well   i   pressed   the   veggies   button .   br   br   and   i   still   have   trouble   figuring   out   which   button   is   for   the   fan   and   which   is   for   the   light .   making   it   worse   is   that   there   is   one   button   for   the   light   hi   lo   off   and   2   buttons   for   the   fan   on   off   and   4   speed   .   actually ,   there   is   another   button   each   for   some   obscure   settings   we   never   use .   sure ,   there   are   some   tiny   dark   grey   letters   showing   which   set   of   button   is   which ,   but   those   are   only   visible   up   close   in   bright   light .   br   br   gone   are   the   easy   1   button   1   to   6   minute   quick   start   buttons .   now   it   takes   4   button   presses   to   do   the   same   thing ,   although   at   least   there   is   still   a   button   to   add   30   seconds .   i   could   go   on   and   on   about   the   poor   interface ,   but   i   think   you   get   the   idea .   br   br   next   major   issue   the   stovetop   light   is   way   dimmer   than   the   ge   was .   even   though   there   are   2   places   in   the   design   for   bulbs ,   and   my   ge   had   2   halogen   bulbs ,   this   one   has   a   single   incandescent   bulb   not   bright   at   all .   this   is   huge ,   as   we   use   our   stovetop   frequently   and   now   it   is   always   poorly   lit .   br   br   and   a   another   biggie   when   the   timer   finishes ,   it   gives   4   short ,   quiet   beeps ,   and   stops .   no   repeat ,   nothing   more .   so   unless   you   are   right   by   it ,   it   is   pretty   much   worthless .   we   can   now   only   use   our   oven   timer   so   no   more   dual   timers   when   we   are   cooking   different   things .   i   can   t   even   count   how   many   things   have   overcooked   or   been   ruined   because   of   the   lame   timer .   br   br   the   look   is   also   unattractive .   the   lightbox   hangs   down   below   the   lower   front   plastic   panel ,   ensuring   everyone   knows   how   tacky   this   microwave   is .   even   the   display   is   an   ugly   old   fashioned   blue   14   segment   per   digit   7   digit   display .   most   calculators   have   better !   actually ,   i   kind   of   like   the   blue .   everything   else   in   my   kitchen   is   amber ,   so   it   creates   a   nice   contrast .   br   br   furthermore ,   it   is   noisy .   it   frequently   makes   weird   grinding   like   noises   from   the   bottom   right   i   think   it   is   a   fan   or   the   microwave   element   if   i   tap   it   there   it   usually   diminishes   or   goes   away   for   a   while .   br   br   finally ,   the   front   glass   broke   once   when   we   were   opening   the   door   a   couple   of   months   after   getting   it .   samsung   did   send   out   a   repairman   within   2   weeks   and   repaired   it   under   warranty   and   it   hasn   t   happened   again   in   the   many   months   since .   br   br   is   there   anything   i   like   about   this   microwave   well ,   it   works .   it   has   a   turntable .   it   has   sensor   cooking .   and   it   has   dual   grease   filters   on   either   side   of   the   bottom   with   a   powerful   exhaust   fan   that   has   4   levels   when   not   using   the   microwave ,   2   when   in   use   .   it   also   has   an   easy   to   clean   all   white   interior .   and   it   was   less   expensive   on   sale   than   the   similar   ge   units   but   rightly   so .   br   br   pros   br   it   works .   br   sensor   cooking .   br   dual   grease   filters .   br   easily   fits   space   replacing   similar   ge   models .   br   br   cons   br   horrible   user   interface .   br   poor   single   bulb   incandescent   stovetop   lighting .   br   loud ,   obnoxious   noises .   br   cheap   looking .   br   worthless   kitchen   timer . s   amber ,   so   it   creates   a   nice   contrast .   br   br   furthermore ,   it   is   noisy .   it   frequently   makes   weird   grinding   like   noises   from   the   bottom   right   i   think   it   is   a   fan   or   the   microwave   element   if   i   tap   it   there   it   usually   diminishes   or   goes   away   for   a   while .   br   br   finally ,   the   front   glass   broke   once   when   we   were   opening   the   door   a   couple   of   months   after   getting   it .   samsung   did   send   out   a   repairman   within   2   weeks   and   repaired   it   under   warranty   and   it   hasn   t   happened   again   in   the   many   months   since .   br   br   is   there   anything   i   like   about   this   microwave   well ,   it   works .   it   has   a   turntable .   it   has   sensor   cooking .   and   it   has   dual   grease   filters   on   either   side   of   the   bottom   with   a   powerful   exhaust   fan   that   has   4   levels   when   not   using   the   microwave ,   2   when   in   use   .   it   also   has   an   easy   to   clean   all   white   interior .   and   it   was   less   expensive   on   sale   than   the   similar   ge   units   but   rightly   so .   br   br   pros   br   it   works .   br   sensor   cooking .   br   dual   grease   filters .   br   easily   fits   space   replacing   similar   ge   models .   br   br   cons   br   horrible   user   interface .   br   poor   single   bulb   incandescent   stovetop   lighting .   br   loud ,   obnoxious   noises .   br   cheap   looking .   br   worthless   kitchen   timer .
five   stars   very   nice
add   me   to   the   list   of   the   great   disgruntled .   ours   stopped   working   after   a   year   and   ...   add   me   to   the   list   of   the   great   disgruntled .   ours   stopped   working   after   a   year   and   4   months .   it   heats   food ,   but   the   turntable   doesn   t   spin   and   you   can   t   change   anything   on   the   touch   screen .   stick   the   food   in   and   it   just   hums .   a   fire   waiting   to   happen .   br   br   wish   i   would   have   read   reviews   here   before   i   bought   it .   it   was   the   pretty   one   the   wife   loved   lol .   people   are   being   honest   about   this   lemon .   i   did   buy   a   square   trade   warranty   after   reading   these   reviews .   lucky   and   square   trade   is   being   good   about   it .
does   the   job   this   stuff   adheres   well ,   dries   quickly   and   leaves   a   washable   surface .   i   used   it   to   replace   bubbling   paint   on   a   microwave   with   a   painted   mild   steel   lined   cavity .
cheap   quality   cheap   quality .   br   but   you   always   get   what   you   pay   for  
four   stars   love   this   product   works   fine
four   stars   love   the   form   factor ,   but   a   bit   difficult   to   read   display
microwave   cavity   paint   has   worked   out   great   so   far ! ! !   this   microwave   cavity   paint   has   worked   out   great   so   far !   we   have   a   ge   in   cabinet   microwave   oven   combo   unit   so   when   the   paint   began   to   peel   off   the   top   of   the   microwave   i   was   really   worried   because   to   replace   this   unit   it   is   over   1000   due   to   it   being   a   specialty   item .   so   i   sanded   down   the   top   of   the   microwave   really   well .   be   sure   to   get   all   loose   paint   off   should   be   totally   smooth .   then   when   the   paint   arrived   i   shook   it   up   real   well   and   applied   a   coat   to   the   top   of   the   microwave .   it   was   actually   a   pretty   good   sized   area   i   needed   to   cover .   after   letting   that   coat   dry   for   a   couple   hours   i   added   a   second   coat   and   after   a   couple   more   hours   i   added   a   third   coat .   i   want   to   make   sure   it   was   coated   good .   so   far   we   have   used   it   for   a   few   weeks   and   it   still   looks   great .   i   showed   it   to   my   son   and   he   said   the   inside   looked   brand   new   now !   i   let   it   dry   for   36   hours   before   use   as   the   can   didn   t   have   any   recommendations   or   directions   for   how   long   to   let   dry   before   use .   the   smell   is   overwhelming   and   i   would   suggest   using   eye   protection   if   you   must   use   it   inside   as   the   fumes   come   out   toward   your   face .   i   would   take   a   counter   top   unit   outside   to   treat .   i   didn   t   have   that   option   so   i   had   to   just   do   it .
it   talks   to   you   and   does   the   job   love   the   microvave , especially   the   prompts   which   makes   initial   usage   inherently   friendly   and   easy   to   navigate . heats   well   we   re   very   satisfied   with   it .
perfect !   i   love   this   new   little   microwave   i   had   no   room   in   my   small   kitchen ,   but   i   hardly   know   it   s   there ,   it   takes   up   so   little   space .   the   only   thing   i   don   t   like   is ,   there   are   2   removable   separate   plastic   parts   under   the   glass   plate   turn   table   more   parts   to   worry   about   should   they   ever   get   lost .   the   plate   rests   on   one   of   the   plastic   parts   the   turner   with   wheels   which   makes   the   plate   about   1   and   a   half   inches   higher   than   the   bottom   which   makes   smaller   space   to   fit   tall   items .   there   is   no   grove   in   the   floor   bottom   in   which   the   plate   would   normally   sit .   br   the   whole   unit   is   easy   to   clean   all ,   including   the   inside ,   is   flat   and   smooth   no   dials   or   protrusions .   it   has   only   a   30   second   button ,   so   must   press   the   button   8   times   to   get   4   minutes   which   perfectly   heats   a   cup   of   coffee .   the   only   easy   cook   button   is   for   popcorn   which   only   gives   you   2   and   a   half   minutes   i   don   t   know   why   the   manufacturer   would   choose   34   popcorn   34   when   coffee   tea   is   used   much   more   often .   this   small   microwave   fits   my   big   dinner   plates   easily .   i   am   very   happy   with   this   product   so   easy   to   use   and   clean .
five   stars   on   time   and   as   described
a   good   small   microwave   this   is   a   truly   compact   microwave .   i   wanted   something   with   a   small   footprint   but   functions   well .   this   oven   has   fit   the   bill .   it   sits   in   a   corner   on   my   counter .   as   some   have   mentioned   you   can   t   program   the   time   you   want   but   have   to   hit   the   controls   to   add   5   seconds   or   30   seconds .   this   aspect   is   not   ideal   but   also   not   big   large   problem .   i   am   very   satisfied   with   this   purchase
best   part ,   i   did   not   have   to   go   anywhere   same   as   it   was   described ,   best   part ,   i   did   not   have   to   go   anywhere ,   it   came   to   my   house   right   on   rime
the   quality   and   deliverry   where   very   good   but   i   returned   it   unused   as   it   weighed   too   ...   the   quality   and   deliverry   where   very   good   but   i   returned   it   unused   as   it   weighed   too   much   and   the   rounded   corners   in   the   rear   didnt   fit   my   application .   its   a   nice   unit   but   didnt   work   for   me .
five   stars   very   well   made   and   easy   to   install ,   great   shipping   on   this   bulky   item .
it   s   ok   but   far   from   perfect . ,   it   s   ok   but   not   perfect .   the   buttons   are   hard   to   see   in   dim   light   and   offer   zero   tactile   feedback .   it   s   way   to   easy   to   hit   the   30   second   button   more   than   one   time   if   you   re   not   careful .   i   stuck   some   small   felt   adhesive   pads   over   the   buttons   i   use   frequently .   that   helped   quite   a   bit .   you   can   find   them   in   low   light   and   when   you   press   it   you   know   it .
four   stars   love   it .
no   heat   got   it   detected   right   from   the   box ...   the   lights   work ,   control   panel   etc ,   but   it   doesn   t   produce   any   heat !   5   minutes   and   nothing ...   really   sad   about   the   quality .   amazon   send   me   a   broken   device .
never ,   ever   buy   an   lg   microwave !   never ,   ever   buy   an   lg   microwave !   three   years   ago ,   i   splurged   and   spent   800   on   a   microwave   convection   oven   combo .   i   trusted   that   it   was   a   quality   product   and   that   would   last   wrong   on   both   counts .   in   less   than   three   years ,   the   control   panel   failed   and   the   repair   was   a   control   panel   replacement   at   670   which   could   only   be   made   by   a   lg   approved   repair   shop .   lg   customer   service   offered   anything   but   service .   they   were   surly ,   unhelpful ,   and   they   inflict   the   most   obnoxious   and   repetitious   ad   on   lengthy   hold   victims   23   minutes   .   it   now   costs   350   to   buy   a   new ,   non   lg   microwave   installed ,   so   i   m   reluctantly   sending   their   shoddy   product   to   the   landfill .   lg   doesn   t   stand   behind   their   product ,   they   are   not   built   to   last ,   and   i   will   never   buy   any   of   their   products   again .   i   hope   you   don   t   fall   into   the   same ,   expensive   trap   that   i   did .
five   stars   excellent !   easy   install .   microwave   works   like   new .
happy   outcome !   even   though   it   s   a   ge   magnetron ,   it   solved   my   frigidaire   model   plmv168cc1   over   the   range   microwave   no   heating   problem .   saved   us   of   having   to   buy   a   new   microwave .   happy   outcome ! ! !
excellent   small   microwave   so   far   perfect   for   a   small   family   home ,   dorm   or   guest   house .   although   the   controls   are   not   conventional   they   are   excellent   once   you   understand   them .   the   bottom   slides   too   easily   on   counter   tops   every   time   you   pull   open   the   door   easily   corrected   by   adding   a   pad   or   rubber   feet .   available   at   a   big   box   store   with   blue   logo   for   twenty   bucks   less .
more   units   should   be   available   in   this   shape   and   size ...   look   around   at   microwaves   and   you   will   typically   see   they   are   all   the   same   rectangular   shape .   if   you   live   in   a   small   apartment ,   counter   space   is   typically   premium   real   estate   and   a   microwave   eats   up   quite   a   bit   of   that   space .   that   was   the   case   in   our   place .   we   had   our   old   microwave   on   top   of   the   refrigerator   because   we   couldn   t   sacrifice   what   little   counter   space   we   had .   that   had   its   own   problems   because   neither   one   of   us   is   tall   so   reaching   up   with   a   spatula   to   remove   a   microwave   dish   had   a   few   drop   events .   not   fun .   br   br   our   old   one   recently   conked   out   so   off   i   went   in   search   of   a   small   unit .   i   saw   this   one   and   had   a   eureka   moment .   since   it   is   only   about   14   inches   wide ,   i   thought   it   would   fit   in   the   corner   next   to   the   coffee   maker   and   once   set   up ,   it   s   great .   it   does   take   up   space   but   there   is   now   room   for   the   essentials   on   the   counter   since   this   tucks   nicely   into   the   corner .   br   br   the   only   issue   that   we   had   with   this   unit   is   that   we   have   the   old   school   laminated   counter   top   in   beige   in   our   kitchen   and   sliding   this   into   the   corner   resulted   in   black   lines   being   drawn   on   the   formica   from   the   feet   of   the   microwave .   a   magic   eraser   got   rid   of   that .   br   br   the   other   minor   thing   is   that   when   on   the   laminate   counter ,   the   microwave   slides   when   you   try   to   open   the   door .   they   should   have   built   this   with   non   slip   feet .   i   cut   a   couple   of   squares   of   that   non   slip   grip   stuff   that   s   sold   just   about   everywhere   and   that   solved   the   problem .   br   br   the   inside   of   this   unit   is   very   small .   keep   that   in   mind .   it   is   a   tall   unit ,   but   the   cooking   space   is   not   conducive   to   a   tall   item .   you   can   put   a   4   inch   call   mug   in   there   with   no   problem .   i   would   not   go   above   5   inches   in   height   for   any   item   put   in   here .   5   1   2   34   would   leave   only   a   very   thin   space   at   the   top   and   i   don   t   know   how   that   would   work   out .   br   br   these   small   things   are   well   worth   it   to   regain   precious   counter   space .
one   star   poorly   built
five   stars   works   great
but   the   thing   is   beautiful !   my   husband   had   to   do   some   work   to   ...   i   was   a   little   worried   about   the   quality   of   this   trim   kit   after   reading   previous   reviews .   but   the   thing   is   beautiful !   my   husband   had   to   do   some   work   to   fit   the   thing   in   our   space .   the   results   were   wonderful .   and   now   i   have   a   built   in   microwave   in   stainless   steel   to   match   my   other   newer   appliances .   the   look   is   very   nice .
have   been   working   good   so   far   cute   little   m   w .   have   been   working   good   so   far .   no   issues .   good   enough   for   a   couple   to   warm   up   heat   things   in   small   quantity .   takes   a   little   more   time   quite   natural   as   its   just   700   watts   but   reasonable   enough .   overall ,   a   nice   buy .   br   br   pros   easy   to   operate .   many   quick   options ,   cute   little   and   looks   sturdy ,   a   big   space   saver   if   you   have   small   kitchen   space .   br   cons   none   so   far .   br   br   overall ,   a   no   non   sense   simple   m   w   for   day   to   day   use .   serves   the   purpose .....
burned   out   in   less   than   30   minutes   of   use   i   purchased   this   item   brand   new .   i   used   it   only   a   few   times   in   a   period   on   less   than   2   months .   it   failed   in   less   than   30   minutes   of   use .   amazon   s   return   policy   doesn   t   cover   this   item ,   and   nobody   keeps   the   product   box   so   the   manufacturer   warranty   may   be   worthless   more   in   shipping   than   product   is   worth   .   do   not   buy   this   item .
so   far   so   good .   very   roomy   compared   with   my   last   one .   its   very   quiet   and   heats   well .   so   far   so   good .
it   does   look   nice   in   the   kitchen   i   bought   this   for   my   truck   to   use   off   of   an   inverter   but   it   was   so   attractive   and   functional   that   the   wife   made   off   with   it .   overruled .   it   does   look   nice   in   the   kitchen .   fits   great   in   the   corner   and   looks   good   there .
perfect   effiient   spacious   easy   quiet   fast   doe   what   it   supposed   to   do   i   purchased   this   for   my   office   and   am   more   than   glad   i   did
very   neat   and   good   this   is   a   perfect   kitchen   microwave .   i   am   thrilled   with   it .   great   price   for   the   value   you   get .   must   say   i   am   very   satisfied .
perfect   size   i   was   looking   for   a   very   34   small   34   microwave   for   my   rv .   this   one   is   perfect   and   looks   very   nice
to   small   this   item   is   for   students   in   a   dorm   room ,   not   big   enough   for   a   8   inch   plate .   it   does   not   take   up   to   much   space   and   it   is   over   price .
this   is   a   small   microwave ...   .. turntable   fits   an   average   size   tv   dinner ,   barely .   it   arrived   in   an   amazon   outer   box ,   with   just   a   couple   wads   of   paper .   thank   goodness   the   regular   packaging   was   done   proper   tightly   packed   box   from   manufacturer   .   the   amazon   box   was   tore   up .   no   markings   to   say   34   fragile .   34   luckily   it   worked .   it   appears   to   function   just   the   way   it   should ,   no   issues .   clean   design ,   easy   to   read   display .   i   would   have   gave   it   5   stars ,   but   a   pass   down   the   microwave   aisle   at   the   local   walfart   saw   similar   or   even   better   values   for   price   and   size ....   although   just   a   few   dollars   on   price .
does   not   operate   on   an   inverter ! ! !   i   bought   this   micro   to   go   on   my   boat   because   of   its   compact   size   and   can   fit   into   a   corner .   even   rebuilt   my   cabinet   on   the   boat   to   accomodate   it .   now   i   have   found   out   it   will   not   operate   on   an   inverter
meh   i   received   this   microwave   and   it   didn   t   work !   i   plugged   it   in   and   tried   several   outlets ,   but   the   clock   didn   t   light   up   and   it   didn   t   respond   to   me   pushing   any   of   the   buttons .   it   was   really   easy   to   get   a   new   one   from   amazon   and   they   shipped   it   very   quickly .   so   far ,   the   second   one   has   been   great   and   exactly   what   i   wanted .   however ,   i   had   to   return   the   first   one   that   didn   t   work   and   the   shipping   methods   were   extremely   inconvenient .   ups   will   only   pick   it   up   from   my   house   during   the   day   when   i   m   at   work .   i   had   to   take   it   to   the   post   office ,   but   i   don   t   have   a   car   so   i   had   to   carry   it   and   walk   several   blocks .   in   addition ,   the   max   shipping   reimbursement   wasn   t   enough ,   so   i   m   out   another   5   for   their   mistake .
looks   super   expensive   works   amazing   i   got   this   for   my   new   1   1   apartment   in   the   city .   i   m   so   in   love   with   it .....   br   easy   set   up   br   perfect   for   small   spaces   br   works   amazing   br   my   coffee   food   gets   super   hot   br   price   is   affordable   better   then   the   high   priced   ones   br   stainless   look ,   classic   easy   clean   up   br   i   honestly   don   t   have   anything   negative   to   say   about   it .
it   works   i   purchased   this   to   repair   my   microwave   and   to   save   big   bucks   on   a   new   one ,   it   s   been   a   while   since   i   purchased   it   and   it   is   still   turning   steady   and   strong   great   product
small   and   low   tech   perfect   super   simple   to   use   no   bells   and   whistles   and   tiny ,   tiny   footprint .   works   in   my   small   kitchen ,   so   i   m   happy   with   the   purchase .
piece   of   junk   ...   lasted   13   months .   with   a   1   year   warranty   this   microwave   lasted ,   of   course ,   13   months .   used   to   trust   ge ,   but   i   ll   be   looking   elsewhere   for   a   new   microwave   and   everything   else   for   that   matter .   problem   is   i   read   the   bad   reviews   before   i   purchased   it   but   figured   it   would   at   least   last   a   couple   of   years ,   but   instead   just   1   month   past   the   warranty   period .   strongly   suggest   you   do   not   purchase   at   least   this   model ,   think   i   ll   try   another   company   myself .
hasn   t   worked   properly   since   we   bought   it   in   february   2014 .   lots   of   service   calls ,   still   doesn   t   work   properly   5   months   later .   2   days   after   we   had   it   installed   it   stopped   heating   food .   during   first   service   call   we   were   told   to   unplug   it   and   to   let   it   reset .   it   still   wasn   t   working .   in   the   second   service   call   we   were   instructed   to   turn   the   vent   fan   on   manually   when   using   the   range   top   due   to   the   microwave   shutting   down   to   avoid   over   heating .   we   immediately   noticed   that   from   that   point   on   the   microwave   would   not   heat   food   unless   the   vent   fan   was   running .   even   if   the   stove   was   off   and   cold   after   the   next   service   call ,   the   microwave   still   wasn   t   heating   food   without   the   vent   fan   running   despite   the   technician   replacing   a   part   and   the   microwave   vibrating   and   humming   whenever   the   vent   fan   was   on   after   his   repair .   we   scheduled   another   service   call .   the   technician   did   not   visit ,   stating   that   he   had   ordered   a   part   that   would   solve   the   problem .   that   was   on   may   15 ,   2014 ...   it   is   now   june   17th   and   we   still   don   t   have   a   working   microwave .   disappointing   for   a   400   investment .   br   br   why   br   i   ve   always   recommended   samsung   televisions   and   blue   ray   players   because   they   were   excellent   products   with   great   features   and   no   problems   since   2009 .   the   microwave   i   bought   never   worked   properly   and   after   5   months   and   several   service   calls ,   it   still   does   not   work .   i   m   afraid   to   spend   any   significant   amount   of   money   on   a   samsung   product   if   this   is   how   defective   merchandise   is   handled .   br   br   update   october   25 ,   2014   br   after   7   months ,   countless   hours   on   the   phone   with   samsung   s   customer   service   and   about   7   to   9   service   calls ...   we   went   back   to   lowe   s   home   improvement   we   should   have   in   the   first   place   and   they   immediately   replaced   it   with   a   whirlpool .   br   br   i   liked   my   samsung   flat   screen   tv   so   much   that   i   was   going   replace   my   other   2   tvs   with   samsungs .   their   exceedingly   poor   service   and   support   make   it   an   absolute   certainty   that   i   will   not   buy   a   big   ticket   item   from   them .   on   the   off   chance   that   you   get   a   defective   item ,   they   will   not   make   it   right   for   you .
this   is   so   cool   i   love   this   microwave ,   it   is   cool ,   works   great ,   and   frees   up   the   counter .   it   fit   seamlessly   into   the   required   hole   listed   in   the   specs ,   and   if   you   want   a   range   hood   and   not   a   microwave   over   the   stove ,   this   is   the   only   way   to   go
another   dissatisfied   owner   let   me   add   to   the   list   of   unhappy   customers .   we   have   had   this   microwave   for   about   4   years .   it   first   failed   within   the   first   year   and   was   replaced   by   the   manufacturer   without   any   issues .   they   came   to   the   house   and   installed   a   replacement .   earlier   this   year   some   of   the   buttons   on   the   control   panel   ceased   to   operate .   i   obtained   a   replacement   panel   and   it   worked   ok   for   another   month .   then ,   it   ceased   to   heat   anything .   i   replaced   a   defective   diode   and   it   ran   ok   for   a   few   more   months .   then   yesterday   while   it   was   running   i   heard   a   poof   and   it   shut   down   probably   blew   the   internal   fuse   .   it   also   emitted   an   odor   of   something   electrical   overheating .   br   this   time   i   m   throwing   in   the   towel   and   will   not   attempt   a   repair .   the   id   label   indicates   that   it   was   manufactured   june   2010 .   i   would   expect   to   get   more   than   4   years   out   of   such   an   appliance .   br   when   it   worked   to   did   an   ok   job ,   but   no   better   than   the   50   counter   top   unit   i   keep   on   hand   for   when   the   main   unit   fails .   br   this   time   around   i   ve   ordered   an   lg   and   hope   for   better   service .
died   less   than   1   month   after   warranty   expired   my   wife   called   them   and   asked   if   they   had   a   little   time   bomb   inside .   how   else   could   the   thing   die   right   on   time .   the   oven   made   the   sound   of   shorting   electricity ,   gave   off   a   few   whiffs   of   ozone ,   and   that   was   it .   the   young   girl   at   the   other   end   of   the   call   said   that   they   may   be   able   to   look   into   getting   us   a   new   part ,   but   we   would   have   to   pay   for   labor .   i   m   not   going   to   throw   good   money   after   bad .   i   m   just   not   going   to   buy   frigidaire   items   anymore .   br   br   we   have   purchased   the   gallery   stove   and   oven   which   we   absolutely   love   and   then   we   purchased   the   gallery   microwave   which   died   ,   and   we   purchased   the   gallery   dishwasher   which   doesn   t   wash   dishes   .   we   also   have   a   frigidaire   furnace   that   cracks   me   up   every   time   ,   which   works   great .
it   is   what   it   is   for   the   price   you   pay ,   you   get   what   you   pay   for .   it   does   the   job ,   its   a   little   on   the   small   side ,   but   that   is   what   it   is !   happy   with   what   i   got ,   till   i   can   afford   a   bigger   one .
small   and   light   useful   freatures   never   realized   how   small   0.7   cu   ft   was   going   to   be ,   but   now   i   do !   ah   well ,   it   works   like   it   should ,   just   don   t   expect   to   put   a   huge   plate   on   their .   quick   touch   buttons   are   the   best .   anywhere   from   30   seconds   to   minutes   with   one   touch
wish   we   had   researched   better   we   purchased   this   microwave   about   two   years   ago .   the   microwave   cooks   well   but   often   makes   microwave   safe   dishes   too   hot   to   remove   from   the   oven   without   an   oven   mitt .   we   have   never   had   that   problem   with   other   microwaves .   the   alarm   settings   can   t   be   changed   and   we   found   it   annoying   to   hear   the   microwave   beep   five   times   every   time   it   was   finished .   unfortunately ,   it   has   already   died   a   painful   death   and   must   be   replaced .   we   wish   we   had   better   researched   microwaves   before   purchasing   this   microwave .
absolutely   the   worst   my   microwave   failed   within   6   months   of   purchase .   it   was   fixed   by   a   repair   agency ,   who   also   told   me   that   it   is   normal   for   them   to   completely   fail   and   shut   down .   after   the   repair ,   it   lasted   only   2   months ,   before   completely   failing   again .   br   worst   of   all   is   samsungs   customer   service .   i   couldn   t   imagine   anything   worse .   they   samsung   have   told   me   more   times   than   i   have   fingers   and   toes ,   that   they   would   call   me   back   to   make   an   appointment   for   service ,   but ,   after   3   weeks ,   i   am   still   waiting   for   someone   to   call .   when   i   call   in   to   samsung ,   i   am   starting   over   each   time   from   scratch   even   though   they   ve   given   me   a   case   number .   i   m   tired   of   being   told   by   their   indian   representatives   34   i   m   sorry   for   that !   34   br   don   t   buy   anything   samsung .
nice   little   mic .   oven ... fine   for   me ... use   it   mostly   for   reheating   food .. small   size ,   good   for   one   person . heats   well !   please   see   above .. am   pleased   with   my   choice ,   good   value   and   works   well   so   far .   timer   seems   to   work   well .. good   booklet   with   directions .
two   in   a   row   that   just   stopped   working   oh   my   goodness ,   i   can   t   believe   how   horrible   this   microwave   is .   all   this   material   used   to   construct   something   that   is   just   going   to   clog   up   the   landfill .   br   br   here   s   our   story .   back   in   april   of   this   year   2014   our   old   microwave   died .   we   needed   a   replacement   right   away   because   that   s   how   our   household   rolls .   i   eat   popcorn ,   we   microwave   veggies ....   so ,   hub   and   i   rushed   over   to   homedepot   to   get   a   replacement .   this   ge   microwave   looked   nice .   we   bought   it .   we   also ,   thankfully ,   purchased   an   insurance   policy .   br   br   well ,   2   weeks   ago   in   may   this   general   electric   microwave   died .   no   electrical   response   at   all .   took   it   back   to   hd   and   they   replaced   it   with   another .   br   br   we   assumed   it   was   a   fluke .   that   we   just   got   a   bad   one .   a   lemon .   nope .   the   second   microwave   died   last   night .   same   symptoms .   no   warning .   just   died .   br   br   we   are   returning   this   general   electric   microwave   today .   homedepot   will   give   us   another .   however ,   we   are   also   going   to   buy   another   microwave   because   we   know   this   new   ge   piece   of   junk   might   not   last   out   the   week .   with   another   microwave   in   the   house   we   at   least   won   t   have   to   rush   out   to   acquire   another   one .   br   br   don   t   buy   ge .   they   might   have   made   good   equipment   in   the   past   but   it   s   obvious   that   they   are   living   off   their   reputation   and   that   they   don   t   have   any   quality   control   in   their   manufacturing   process .
great   product   awesome   product   and   delivery .   microwave   looks   spanking   new   now .   you   cant   find   this   product   in   stores   lord   only   knows   i   hope   i   wont   be   diagnosed   cancer   in   a   couple   of   years   as .   result .
didn   t   last ,   vindictive   customer   service   i   bought   this   in   2011 ,   and   it   needed   repair   outside   of   warranty   to   the   control   panel   in   2012 .   the   control   panel   just   died   again   may   2014   ,   and   samsung   won   t   help .   they   did   offer   a   free   diagnostic   visit ,   but   after   i   asked   to   speak   to   a   supervisor ,   they   withdrew   the   offer   for   the   free   diagnosis .   chintzy   product ,   poor   customer   service .
quit   working   after   2   1   2   years   of   use ...   we   really   enjoyed   using   this   microwave   while   it   lasted   however ,   after   2   1   2   years   of   use   it   just   stopped   working   one   day .   we   chose   this   drawer   type   microwave   because   we   wanted   to   34   hide   34   our   microwave   in   our   island   for   aesthetic   purposes ,   and   for   this   reason ,   were   willing   to   pay   more   for   it .   if   i   could   do   it   again ,   i   would   definitely   have   splurged   for   one   of   the   more   expensive   drawer   microwaves   that   are   available   from   manufacturers   other   than   sharp .   yes ,   sharp   makes   the   cheapest   version   of   this   type   of   microwave ,   but   we   learned   the   hard   way   that   you   get   what   you   pay   for .
burnt   up   after   2   months   works   fines   initially   then   as   the   title   says   i   literally   got   a   puff   of   black   smoke   and   it   was   dead .
works   perfectly   prep   surface   carefully .   be   sure   to   leave   no   residue   on   surface   to   be   painted .   use   multiple   thin   coats .   allow   sufficient   time   between   coats   for   it   to   dry .   the   color   matches   my   microwave   very   well .
fast   shipping .   exactly   how   it   was   described   this   product   came   super   fast .   and   exactly   as   described .   the   only   down   side   is   that   it   doesn   t   get   as   hot   as   it   should .   i   do   live   in   korea   and   have   to   use   a   converter   box ,   so   that   might   be   what   s   effecting   it .   other   than   that   it   is   perfect !
this   microwave   blew   up !   about   two   weeks   prior   to   this   microwave   blowing   up ,   we   had   a   problem   with   it   not   turning   off .   it   would   stop   if   we   opened   the   door ,   but   once   we   closed   the   door ,   it   continued   to   run   nothing   showed   on   the   keypad   that   it   was   running .   we   turned   off   the   breaker   and   left   it   that   way   for   about   24   hours .   when   we   turned   back   on   the   breaker ,   it   seemed   to   work   fine   until   yesterday .   we   turned   on   the   fan   for   about   30   minutes   and   then   turned   it   off .   during   the   next   20   minutes   the   microwave   turned   on   by   itself   and   we   heard   a   loud   explosion .   the   microwave   was   still   running !   we   opened   the   door   and   the   glass   had   exploded   inside .   when   we   closed   the   door ,   the   microwave   continued   to   run .   we   had   to   turn   the   breaker   off .   if   we   had   left   our   home ,   the   house   would   have   caught   fire ! ! ! !   we   will   be   contacting   samsung   and   if   they   don   t   provide   us   with   another   microwave ,   we   will   issue   a   complaint   for   this   fire   hazard .
ge   over   the   range   microwave   connvection   oven   it   works   well .   does   everything   i   bought   it   for .   easy   to   set   and   operate .   does   take   a   while   to   warm   up   for   baking ,   but   operating   on   110v   it   is   to   be   expected
okay   replacement   for   an   older   ge   profile   otr   microwave   convection   very   easy   install   to   replace   our   2001   version   of   this   unit .   able   to   retain   the   old   mounting   plate ,   plus   all   hanging   screws ,   rear   vent ,   and   power   cord   lined   up   perfectly .   a   10   minute   change   out   of   the   old   unit   and   install   this   unit .   some   features   updated   improved   over   the   past   thirteen   years .   only   obvious   design   flaw   is   the   faint   grey   almost   invisible   text   on   every   control   panel   button ,   especially   the   start   pause   and   cook   time   buttons .   in   its   infinite   wisdom ,   ge   placed   these   two   major   buttons   directly   below   the   huge   control   panel   knob ,   so   they   re   always   in   shadow   because   no   overhead   light   shines   on   them .   would   have   made   more   sense   to   print   the   text   in   bright   white   like   ge   did   on   our   profile   slide   in   range ,   or   maybe   even   back   light   the   buttons .   the   old   unit   had   a   design   flaw   where   the   door   s   handle   lower   fastener   broke   off   all   the   time   requiring   a   service   call   and   part   replacement .   this   one   has   a   stronger   handle ,   but   the   buttons   are   very   hard   to   see .   if   we   had   it   to   do   over   again ,   we   d   choose   a   different   model   brand .
what   a   dud   we   purchased   the   mw   in   janurary ,   our   contractor   installed   it   the   last   week   of   april ,   it   died   two   days   later   and   sharp   service   took   three   weeks   two   service   calls   only   to   have   it   go   out   ten   minutes   after   they   left .   amazon   assures   me   that   it   will   be   resolved   but   not   the   seller .   they   want   to   repeatly   waste   our   time   and   call   service ,   have   us   wait   then   what   don   t   buy   this   microwave .
a   good   microwave   perfectly   fit   in   my   kitchen ,   and   power   is   ok .   it   has   everything   i   need   for   a   basic   microwave .   i   ve   been   using   it   for   several   days ,   haven   t   found   any   problem   yet .
poorly   written   user   guide   poor   service   from   whirlpool   cooling   fan   vents   out   of   the   front   of   unit .   only   vent   fan   opens   exhaust   louver .   vent   fan   is   manual   only   unlike   implied   in   user   guide .   if   manual   vent   not   operated   in   conjunction   with   any   cooking   then   possibility   exists   of   damaging   cabinets .   strongly   recommend   getting   a   normal   exhaust   vent   fan   and   a   countertop   microwave .
this   microwave   died   after   4   uses   i   hope   i   sent   in   my   warranty   card !   i   am   calling   the   company   today   to   request   a   refund .   i   have   not   liked   this   microwave   at   all ,   and   now   it   suddenly   died .   i   definitely   want   my   money   back .   br   br   edited   br   i   called   the   company   and   they   told   me   to   call   amazon .   i   called   amazon   and   they   issued   a   full   refund .   br   br   i   do   not   recommend   this   microwave .   it   is   so   flimsy   that   i   had   to   hold   it   still   with   one   hand   in   order   to   push   buttons   with   the   other .   otherwise ,   it   would   slide   across   the   counter .
worth   it .   trust   me .   this   may   be   more   expensive   than   other   microwaves ,   but   trust   me   when   i   say   it   is   totally   worth   it   for   the   design   and   counter   savings .
excellent   microwave   great   product ,   have   owned   4   sharp   carousel   microwaves   over   the   past   30   years   or   so   and   they   always   stand   out   over   other   microwaves   i   have   used   at   friends   and   families   homes .   the   ease   of   use   and   guaranteed   result   is   worth   it   every   time .   the   microwave   is   stylish   and   easy   to   clean ,   the   design   has   changed   little   in   the   3   decades   because   it   works   and   does   not   need   changed .   the   size   as   well   is   perfect   for   cooking   anything   microwavable .   having   1200   watts   is   a   huge   plus   when   cooking   things   like   baked   potatoes   and   frozen   stuff   that   on   a   lesser   powered   microwave   would   take   longer   then   posted   times ,   but   this   oven   will   do   the   job   in   less   time   more   often   than   not !   it   is   a   stylish   powerhouse !
i   recommend   it   !   i   recommend   this   product   because   it   works .   rarely   do   you   find   a   product   that   works   as   well   as   it   says .   read   the   instructions   carefully   and   it   will   do   the   job .
good   value   small   issue   microwave   performs   as   expected   and   was   a   good   value .   only   complaint   is   with   the   alarm   that   sounds   when   the   timer   is   complete .   5beeps   is   a   bit   much   and   the   alarm   does   not   stop   even   if   you   open   the   door   until   those   5   beeps   are   complete .   small   issue   but   annoying   all   the   same .
pretty   good   lil   microwave   its   a   microwave   and   it   works   like   a   microwave .   nothing   fancy   has   the   quick   start   buttons .   was   the   cheapest   1000w   one   i   found   and   i   have   no   complaints .
worst   ever ! !   this   is   the   worst   microwave   i   have   ever   owned .   it   takes   twice   as   long   to   heat   food .   we   also   have   owned   it   for   only   a   few   months   and   the   key   pad   broke .
same   problem   as   everyone   else   i   bought   this   microwave   three   years   ago ,   so   the   warranty   has   long   expired .   i   now   have   the   same   problem   as   everyone   else   the   keypad   has   a   short   and   the   microwave   is   now   completely   useless .   have   to   buy   an   entirely   new   microwave ,   since   the   cost   of   repair   meets   or   exceeds   the   cost   of   an   entirely   new   microwave .   do   not   buy   this   microwave .
this   fixed   my   microwave   works   as   advertised .   much   cheaper   than   a   service   call   or   a   completely   new   microwave .   just   be   sure   you   know   how   to   confirm   the   problem   so   you   know   which   part   has   failed   search   youtube   .   an   oven   that   won   t   heat   is   often ,   but   not   always ,   a   failed   magnetron .
good   deal   love   it ! ! ! ! !   i   am   happy   with   my   purchase   br   and   look   forward   to   my   next   deal .   br   keep   the   deals   cinubg .   lol
sharp   r   1405   microwave   oven   arrived   in   two   days   instead   of   the   week   as   reported ,   this   was   a   great   plus .   it   fit   into   the   same   spot   as   old   sharp ,   another   plus .   the   mounting   brackets   were   in   a   different   location   constructed   less   sturdy   than   the   old   ones .   the   medal   was   cheaply   made   much   thinner .   overall   i   am   happy   with   purchase .
great   microwave   this   is   the   perfect   microwave   for   my   household .   it   is   basically   used   for   heating   water   and   food .   couldn   t   ask   for   anything   better .
sparks   flew ...   fire   hazard   i   hit   the   start   button   and   sparks   flew   and   dead   microwave .   i   think   this   model   could   be   a   fire   hazard .   called   sharp ,   even   though   the   microwave   was   under   warranty   when   the   problems   started ...   they   were   of   no   help .   they   send   a   repair   service   who   promptly   told   me   there   was   a   75   34   show   up   fee   34   and   repairs   would   be   an   additional   charge .   very   disappointed   in   sharp   and   will   definitely   not   consider   another   of   their   products .
good   buy   so ,   i   needed   a   basic   microwave ,   nothing   fancy .   let   s   face   it ,   no   kitchen   can   function   can   live   with   out   one .   don   t   know   how   the   settlers   survived   lol .   anyway ,   it   arrived   in   about   a   week   in   perfect   condition .   and   far   exceeded   my   expectations .   it   looks   just   like   the   pic   and   even   displays   the   time ,   and   has   a   timer .   it   cooks   very   well   also .   over   all   yes ,   buy   it ,   you   won   t   be   disappointed .
wouldn   t   buy   again .   the   door   wants   to   catch .   when   you   push   the   numbers   on   the   keyboard ,   they   seem   cheap .   you   have   to   push   hard   for   them   to   work   right .   this   is   the   second   one   of   same   microwave   we   ve   had .   purchased   it   so   wouldn   t   have   to   remount   hardware .   this   second   one   seems   like   it   s   a   reject   or   a   second   that   a   store   is   trying   to   get   rid   of .
nozzle   problems   after   i   made   extensive   preparations   to   paint   the   cavity   of   the   microwave   i   noticed   the   nozzle   had   a   crack   in   it   that   i   could   not   see   until   i   had   applied   the   paint .   this   led   to   dripping   and   streaks   in   the   painting   process .   it   made   a   terrible   mess   and   the   result   was   not   nearly   as   good   as   i   would   of   hoped   .   tried   to   find   another   can   that   i   could   use   to   replace   the   damaged   nozzle   but   with   no   results .   my   suggestion   is   spray   something   to   test   how   well   the   nozzle   works   before   using   on   actual   appliance .
whirlpool   microwave   this   microwave   is   perfect   for   a   compact   kitchen .   i   have   more   counter   space   that   is   now   useable   than   i   had   before .   it   s   small   foot   print   is   a   blessing .   it   is   large   enough   to   accommodate   my   needs .   the   interior   is   spacious   enough   to   reheat   dinners   or   a   slice   of   pizza .   i   like   making   popcorn   in   it .   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   who   has   a   small   kitchen   and   is   need   of   a   unit   with   a   smaller   foot   print .
magnatron   arrived   without   diode   magnetron   came   quickly   but   the   diode   was   not   in   the   package   as   advertised .   i   do   not   want   to   install   the   magnetron   without   a   new   diode .
lovely   small   package ,   but   large   inside .   it   will   fit   a   full   size   plate .   perfect   counter   microwave .   takes   up   very   little   space   in   the   corner .   we   love   it .   we   have   had   many   comments   on   how   cool   it   looks   from   friends .
save   on   counter   space   i   was   looking   for   a   more   compact   microwave   because   i   don   t   have   a   lot   of   counterspace .   this   works   pretty   good   for   that .   the   only   thing   i   didn   t   like   is   that   the   cord   is   on   the   back   right   side   instead   of   in   the   back   middle .   so   i   was   unable   to   put   the   microwave   in   the   spot   i   wanted   because   it   wouldn   t   reach   the   outlet .
tippy   be   careful   nice   small   size   for   an   out   of   the   way   spot   on   kitchenh   shelve   under   counter .   in   opening   and   closing   take   great   care   as   it   easily   l   tips   forward .
better   than   my   old   microwave   in   some   ways ,   worse   in   others   i   was   torn   between   giving   three   and   four   stars .   i   bought   this   based   on   great   reviews .   while   it   s   a   basic   unit ,   which   is   what   i   wanted ,   it   seems   to   be   lacking   in   a   couple   of   areas .   first ,   i   didn   t   realize   there   were   still   microwaves   that   did   not   have   instant   on   for   one   minute   when   you   press   1 ,   two   minutes   for   2 ,   and   so   on .   this   doesn   t   do   that .   also ,   i   knew   it   was   big ,   but   didn   t   realize   it   was   going   to   be   2   inches   taller   and   deeper   than   my   old   unit .   it   s   almost   to   the   point   of   looking   too   big   for   the   space .   yes ,   i   could   have   measured   since   the   dimensions   are   listed .   my   old   oven   had   two   lights   underneath   for   lighting   the   range   top .   this   has   one   small   bulb ,   and   seems   a   little   inadequate .   as   others   have   said ,   i   m   not   sure   if   i   m   sold   on   the   upward   facing   vent .   it   makes   the   front   look   clean ,   but   seems   like   a   funnel   for   things   to   fall   into   it .   the   led   readout   is   big   and   blue ,   and   while   it   s   not   unattractive ,   blue   lights   are   blurry   to   me ,   so   it   s   harder   to   read   than   my   old   green   readout .   br   br   on   the   plus   side ,   this   is   a   nice   big ,   powerful   microwave ,   that   looks   nice   in   the   space .   it   s   got   some   nice   touches ,   like   a   30   minute   fan   off   timer .   since   i   wanted   a   basic   unit   at   a   good   price ,   which   this   is ,   i   went   ahead   and   gave   it   four   stars .
worst   microwave   ever   only   after   having   the   microwave   for   slightly   less   than   a   year ,   the   lettering   on   the   keyboard   wore   off .   br   br   slightly   after   a   year ,   the   microwave   totally   broke .   there   was   a   power   outage   and   subsequently   the   ge   microwave   never   worked   after   it .   br   br   junk
good   performance ,   suspect   reliability   this   is   my   second   unit ,   replacing   one   installed   in   a   custom   built   cabinet .   i   purchased   this   one   solely   for   dimensional   compatibility .   when   working ,   this   microwave   is   excellent   in   all   respects .   it   runs   quietly ,   the   controls   are   intuitive   and   it   boasts   a   number   of   cooking   programs   that   generally   perform   well .   unfortunately ,   after   5.2   years   in   service   the   first   unit   failed .   i   was   told   the   failed   component   was   the   magnetron ,   an   expensive   part ,   so   i   simply   replaced   it .   i   hope   the   premature   failure   of   the   first   unit   was   an   aberration .
do   not   buy   a   samsung   microwave   do   not   buy   a   samsung   microwave .   purchased   smh1816w   january   2013   and   in   december   2013   stopped   working   have   had   6   service   calls   and   as   of   april   29   2014   still   not   working .   a   e   service   has   replaced   all   parts   multiple   times   to   try   to   correct   problem   however   with   no   luck .   samsung   is   unwilling   to   replace   the   unit   or   refund   the   money   paid   which   would   be   preferred .   i   will   never   purchase   a   samsung   product   again .
roomy   this   is   pretty   roomie ,   has   plenty   of   power   and   fits   just   about   anywhere .   it   looks   like   a   tv   though   and   is   a   bit   loud .
do   not   waste   your   money   with   this   after   our   ge   caf   microwave   touchpad   went   out   after   only   3   years   ge   said   it   would   cost   800   to   fix .   so   we   purchased   this   advantium   oven .   it   shipped   and   would   not   heat   up .   we   returned   it   but   ended   up   getting   a   breville   countertop   for   299   that   we   like   much   better .
occasional   use   we   got   this   as   a   backup   when   our   large   microwave   broke .   it   does   a   nice   job   and   it   s   nice   to   have   an   extra   one   when   more   than   one   person   wants   to   use   it .   the   smaller   size   is   really   nice   and   doesn   t   take   up   a   lot   of   space .
microwave   cavity   paint   98qbp0302   i   bought   3   of   this .   if   you   sand   clean   you   microwave   throughly ,   you   only   need   to   buy   2   to   spray   it
i   like   it   worked   great .
microwave   is   great ..   works   great ..   and   really   great   size   for   cooking   multiple   items .   easy   to   use   without   a   lot   of   fancy   buttons .   i   recommend   this   to   others .   but   be   sure   of   the   size   as   this   is   a   very   large   over   the   stove   microwave .
whirlpool   microwave   i   love   this .   the   cord   is   on   the   right ,   and   short ,   i   could   have   used   the   word   on   the   left   but   other   than   that   because   of   my   outlet   location   it   deserves   a   full   5   stars .   it   does   reach   to   my   outlet ,   but   would   have   been   nicer   on   the   left   for   the   location   i   have   the   microwave .   other   than   that ,   i   love   this   little   microwave ,   i   do   have   too   cook   things   30   60   seconds   longer   however ,   the   space   i   save   it   worth   the   extra   cooking   time .   heats   up   food ,   frozen   vegetables ,   and   makes   small   bagged   popcorn   perfectly .   fits   a   full   sized   plate   or   paper   plate ,   fits   a   10   34   bowl   about   5   inches   high   and   that   leaves   some   space   too   the   top .   this   is   not   for   cooking   meals ,   small   things   only   in   my   opinion   and   just   what   i   needed   and   wanted .
not   what   i   thought   i   was   ordering   my   understanding   is   this   paint   comes   2   ways ,   1   with   a   small   brush   like   fingernail   paint   and   the   other   in   a   spray   can   application ,   by   the   looks   of   this   picture   i   thought   this   was   the   brush   application   bottle   not   the   spray   bottle   but   i   received   the   spray   bottle   and   could   not   contact   the   company   to   exchange   it .   no   one   answered   the   phone   but   they   said   to   leave   a   message   but   the   message   box   was   full .
spacemaker   over   the   range   microwave   it   is   perfect   for   my   needs   for   space .   size   is   good   and   so   far   performance   has   been   good   the   extra   rack   is   a   nice   addition
little   experience   with   device   yet .   setup   and   install   directions   unbelievably   bad   device   ok   after   only   2   weeks   except   that   operating   touch   panel   is   not   the   work   of   genius   and   not   really   touch .   br   br   big   floppy   paper   templates   for   wall   and   overhead   marks   should   be   on   or   glued   to   stiff   cardboard   with   perforations   for   marking .   author   of   directions   too   expert   to   convey   simple   things ,   failed   to   consider   ceramic   tiles   on   walls   need   carbide   drills .   directions   were   accurate   tho   clumsy .
expensive   paper   weight !   these   reviews   don   t   lie .   samsung   makes   large   expensive   paper   weights .   after   1   year   and   10   months   we   too   received   the   5e   or   se   error   code .   now   that   it   is   out   of   warranty   it   will   be   an   expensive   fix .   pure   garbage .   samsung   has   the   worst   customer   service .   apparently   the   error   code   has   to   do   with   a   faulty   keypad .   if   you   search   the   error   code   it   says   that   the   steam   and   heat   cause   corrosion   on   the   connectors   on   the   keypad   board .   it   is   meant   to   go   above   stove   that   creates   steam .   samsung   needs   to   make   it   right   and   they   refuse   too .   look   at   all   the   poor   reviews   for   this   appliance .   shame   on   samsung .   never   again   and   that   includes   all   your   products .
perfect   exact   device   needed   to   solve   my   ge   microwave   problem .   my   wife   is   happy   now   ...   so   i   can   be   happy   too !
excellent   price   this   was   an   excellent   shopping   experience .   i   wish   all   my   purchases   could   be   made   online   with   as   little   hassle   as   these .   great   shopping   experience .
love   the   compact   size   people   always   ask   what   the   hell   is   that   thing   parked   on   the   fridge ,   its   the   perfect   size   for   me   to   warm   up   a   single   dish   or   a   coffee !   i   dont   cook   in   a   microwave ,   its   functional   and   its   beautiful !
you   can   actually   repair   a   sharp   microwave   that   stops   turning   you   can   actually   repair   a   sharp   microwave   that   stops   turning   br   br   you   ll   be   fooled   at   first   because   usually   to   fix   some   appliance ,   you   remove   the   cover ,   or   case ,   or   housing ,   or   whatever   you   call   it   the   cabinet .   don   t .   in   fact ,   on   a   sharp   microwave ,   they   used   some   screws   to   hold   on   the   cabinet   that   you   don   t   have   the   wrench   for .   it   s   like   saying ,   34   these   arent   the   screws   you   re   looking   for .   34   you   don   t   need   to   see   his   identification   papers ,   br   br   the   arcane   baffling   steps   that   aren   t   explained   anywhere   and   that   you   haven   t   experienced   before   br   1 .   the   little   perforated   plate   near   the   center   of   the   back ,   after   you   turn   it   upside   down ,   is   removed   by   ripping   it   away   manfully .   never   done   that   before   on   anything .   no   screws ,   just   hack   at   it .   you   ll   be   thinking ,   34   but   if   i   bend   it   and   twist   it ,   how   will   it   go   back   on   34   well ,   first   of   all ,   you   can   dispense   with   it   but   if   you   feel   like   it ,   you   can   flatten   it   and   then   turn   it   over   and   you   ll   see   how   it   has   little   tabs   on   it   to   reinstall   it .   br   br   actually   ,   once   you   get   that   little   perforated   plate   off   there ,   it   s   trivially   simple .   br   br   carry   on .
stunk ,   hard   to   believe   it   is   good   for   us .   i   bought   this   thinking   common   spray   paint   might   be   a   bad   idea .   the   can   warned   of   the   issue   of   fumes ,   which   in   the   usual   manor ,   i   ignored .   i   sprayed   my   microwave ,   and   man   did   it   smell ,   and   really   seemed   like   i   should   not   have   been   so   casual   about   the   warning .   so   then   i   thought ,   if   the   fumes   are   so   bad ,   and   they   lasted   for   weeks ,   how   good   is   this   crap   to   be   so   close   to   our   food ,   in   my   imagination ,   it   seems   worse   than   a   can   of   rustoleum !   who   knows ,   it   was   fairly   expensive   for   a   small   can ,   and   it   didn   t   give   me   a   good   feeling ,   but   again ,   who   knows  
awesome   appliance   i   really   love   this   microwave .   the   design   is   modern   and   appealing   and   the   function   is   ideal   for   application .   i   am   very   satisfied   with   having   this   product   on   my   kitchen   countertop .
good   product !   i   use   microwave   just   to   rewarm   my   food .   i   barely   use   it   to   cook .   the   product   is   cheap   and   good   for   rewarming   my   food .   i   already   used   it   for   2   months   and   have   no   problem .   i   don   t   know   how   long   it   is   going   to   last .   the   product   may   also   be   good   for   cooking   but   i   don   t   know   since   i   don   t   cook   with   microwave .
great   little   microwave   we   needed   a   small   microwave   to   fit   in   our   newly   refurbished   1995   vw   eurovan   camper ,   and   this   one   is   perfect .   it   fits   inside   an   existing   cupboard .   i   had   been   researching   small   microwaves   for   a   couple   of   months   and   noticed   that   most   of   them   only   had   a   light   on   when   the   microwave   was   in   use ,   but   not   when   the   door   is   opened .   this   one   lights   when   the   door   is   opened   which   was   important   to   us   since   it   s   in   a   small   space   rather   than   a   brightly   lit   kitchen .   some   reviewers   complained   that   the   glass   plate   didn   t   seem   to   fit   or   stay   on   the   turntable   mechanism .   despite   this   microwave   being   a   different   brand   that   the   two   we   have   at   home ,   the   turntable   mechanism   is   the   same ,   and   it   only   fits   together   in   one   specific   position .   when   it   s   properly   aligned   it   pops   into   place   and   is   very   stable .
it   fits ,   it   works   so   many   negative   reviews   on   this   site .   i   agonized   over   getting   it ,   but   it   fits   my   space   so   i   did .   it   works   just   fine   and   i   m   happy   to   recommend   it   if   you   re   stuck   with   a   cabinet   space   like   me   that   will   only   fit   this   microwave .   it   is   a   decent   microwave   for   regular   use .
handle   broke   off   after   a   year   we   bought   this   microwave   because   it   was   small   and   fit   our   space   well ,   but   after   owning   just   a   little   bit   more   than   a   year ,   the   plastic   handle   broke   off   at   the   bottom .   perhaps   the   glue   melted   over   time   regardless ,   we   are   not   happy .   it   s   cheap .
love   my   microwave !   easy   to   use   and   doesn   t   take   up   alot   of   counter   space .   also   sits   higher   so   it   is   easy   to   clean .   a   little   shorter   in   height   inside   but   it   is   just   used   for   heating   up   food ,   not   cooking   a   ham   or   turkey   in   it .
looks   sleek .   this   brand   was   cheaper   than   some   of   the   other   major   brands   however ,   this   one   was   highly   rated   by   consumer   reports .   got   here   in   2   days !
good   product   for   the   price   we   use   these   in   our   break   rooms   where   they   get   conciderably   more   than   use   than   they   would   in   a   home   enviroment .   they   are   a   great   product   for   the   price   we   seem   to   get   on   average   3   years   use   out   of   them .   the   more   expensive   ones   we   tried   lasted   about   the   same   amount   of   time .
works   just   fine   if   i   had   read   the   reviews   before   purchasing   this   unit ,   i   probably   would   not   have   ordered   it .   after   reading   the   reviews ,   i   was   worried   that   i   had   made   a   mistake .   however ,   i   have   had   it   for   several   weeks   now ,   and   it   is   working   just   fine .   i   gave   it   4   stars   rather   than   5   because   the   door   is   a   little   hard   to   open .   but   for   the   money ,   it   works   quite   well .   i   m   pretty   satisfied   with   this   microwave .
venting   to   outside   why   is   it ,   when   i   am   using   the   microwave   i   can   t   use   the   fan   s   highest   speed .   only   1   and   2 ,   when   i   press   it   again   the   fan   s   speed   goes   back   to   br   1 .   no   problem   with   all   speeds   if   not   using   the   microwave   at   the   same   time .
haier   microwave   none   available .
purchase   of   sharp   microwave   purchased   from   amazon   and   was   received   within   5   days   exceptional   .   since   it   was   the   same   model   as   my   old   one ,   installation   was   very   easy   with   no   new   holes   or   brackets   to   install .   so   far   it   works   very   well   and   i   consider   it ,   at   this   point ,   an   exceptional   purchase .
works   great   we   have   a   ge   oven   microwave   combo   the   microwave   has   the   oven   controls   on   it   and   the   paint   was   coming   off   the   microwave .   i   was   concerned   it   was   dangerous   so   i   considered   replacing   the   entire   unit .   then   we   heard   about   this   paint   and   thought   it   was   worth   a   try .   my   husband   is   quite   handy   so   he   did   the   sanding   and   spraying   and   the   microwave   looks   brand   new .   couldn   t   be   happier   and   it   sure   beat   the   price   of   replacing   the   unit .
don   t   forget   the   microwave .   the   appliance   fits   neatly   my   new   kitchen   perfectly ,   we   hardly   notice   it   is   even   there .   the   function   works   with   all   the   setting   of   a   regular   machine ,   it   just   a   lot   smaller ,   the   size   a   large   dinner   plate .   i   love   it !
compact ,   attractive ,   gets   the   job   done   oven   came   quickly   and   well   packaged   and   protected .   gave   it   a   try   last   night .   i   m   in   the   middle   of   some   inside   renovation ,   and   used   the   microwave   to   have   something   quick   to   eat .   things   i   like   about   this   oven ,   is   the   pull   to   open   door ,   and   being   able   to   heat   food   using   15   second   increments .   you   can   also   adjust   cooking   times   while   the   oven   is   in   use .   one   other   feature   i   really   like   is   that   the   power   cord   is   not   ridiculously   long .   you   can   plug   this   oven   in   and   not   have   the   cord   showing   from   behind   the   microwave .   br   br   this   is   a   very   solid   oven   and   am   pleased   with   my   purchase   though   it   is   a   bit   higher   than   most   models .   curved   design   of   the   oven   also   makes   cleaning   quicker   and   easier .
perfect !   we   were   trying   to   find   a   microwave   small   enough   to   fit   on   the   counter   in   our   media   room ,   but   still   large   enough   to   make   popcorn ,   and   other   things .   this   one   fit   the   bill   and   it   works   great !   we   love   it !
looks   and   warms   great   but   has   a   problem   with   the   door   closing   overall ,   the   appearance   of   this   item   looks   great !   however ,   i   just   installed   this   and   there   seems   to   be   a   problem   with   the   drawer   closing   properly .   essentially ,   when   one   uses   the   close   button   or   attempts   to   close   the   drawer   manually ,   it   closes   but   then   immediately   reopens .   i   found   a   way   around   this   until   a   service   agent   can   come   to   fix   it   which   is   to   hold   it   closed   so   it   does   not   reopen .   there   is   a   little   trick   to   it   and   it   has   to   do   with   timing   of   when   to   hold   it   shut .   i   did   warm   up   a   biscuit   in   it   and   it   worked   beautifully ,   otherwise !
disappointed ,   baffled   disapointed   in   the   fan   suction .   doesn   t   seem   to   be   pulling   the   air   from   over   the   stove ,   almost   like   there   is   a   ducting   leak ,   because   there   is   plenty   of   air   blowing .
ok   el   cheapo   microwave   it   does   what   i   bought   it   to   do   boil   water   and   heat   leftovers .   as   stated   in   other   reviews ,   it   heats   very   unevenly .   since   i   only   plan   on   having   this   microwave   for   a   year   or   a   year   and   a   half ,   i   went   into   this   purchase   willing   to   put   up   with   such   an   inconvenience .   br   br   if   you   are   looking   for   a   good   microwave ,   look   elsewhere .   if   you   are   looking   for   a   cheap   microwave   that   will   hold   you   over   until   you   can   buy   something   bigger   and   better ,   go   ahead .
glad   i   bought   it   .   .   .   this   is   a   good   little   unit .   i   wanted   something   of   smaller   dimensions   so   i   could   put   it   into   my   rv .   it   fit   perfectly ,   and   it   works   just   fine .   very   attractive   and   very   quiet .   it   s   taken   a   while   to   get   used   to   the   new   controls ,   but   that   s   just   because   they   re   different ,   not   bad .   i   plan   to   buy   another   for   a   small   trailer   that   i   have .   in   short   i   would   recommend   this   to   anybody .
genius   design   with   other   microwaves ,   you   lose   not   only   it   s   own   footprint   in   counter   space ,   but   also   the   clearance   in   front   for   the   door   to   open .   with   this   one ,   the   door   opens   3   inches   above   the   counter ,   plenty   of   room   for   other   food   prep .   it   tucks   way   back   into   the   corner ,   previously   wasted   space .   it   s   heavy   enough   to   stay   put   when   pulling   the   door   open ,   light   enough   to   slide   to   the   side   for   cleaning   underneath .   br   br   some   reviewers   criticized   the   controls ,   but   hey ,   anytime   you   get   a   new   appliance ,   it   takes   a   while   to   get   used   to   the   buttons .   took   me   2   rounds   to   decide   the   30   second   button   was   a   great   invention .   br   br   my   kids   said   34   whoa ,   what   s   that ! ! !   34   the   first   time   they   saw   it .   i   think   that   s   high   praise   in   kidspeak .
its   good ,   recomende   its   not   working   for   what   i   buy   this ,   but   use   in   my   home   kitchen .   looks   nice .   easy   for   who   not   use   so   much   microwave .   want   for   my   husband   in   freightliner   on   road ,   have   hot   food
four   years   later   still   going   strong   we   purchased   this   microwave   at   the   suggestion   of   our   kitchen   designer .   we   had   totally   renovated   our   1930   s   home   and   space   was   an   issue   especially   in   the   kitchen .   i   m   so   glad   we   spent   the   and   bought   it !   this   microwave   survived   abuse   from   2   little   boys   pulling   and   pushing   on   the   drawer   to   watch   it   move   by   itself ,   pressing   the   buttons ,   etc   ,   countless   interior   spills   and   multiple   uses   each   day .   it   popped   bagged   microwave   popcorn   better   than   any   other   microwave   i   ve   ever   owned   and   boiled   water   faster   than   on   my   viking   gas   range .   we   recently   moved   and   now   i   m   replacing   the   microwave   in   our   new   house   with   the   exact   same   model   as   our   old   one .   can   t   say   enough   good   things   about   it .
didnt   even   get   to   use   it   once   received   this   microwave .   the   first   time   we   tried   to   use   it   the   top   and   the   sides   got   extremely   hot   and   it   shut   off   .   it   now   has   no   power   at   all .   i   will   be   returning   this   and   not   purchasing   a   new   one .
microwave   painting   this   product   was   easy   to   use   and   when   the   paint   dried   the   paint   blended   in   and   match   the   original   inside   paint   perfectly !
pretty   good   purchased   this   ...   good   for   the   price   can   t   complain   .   i   would   recommend   this   to   a   friend   if   you   need   a   simple   small   microwave   !
if   it   is   broke   buy   it ! ! !   great   item ! ! !   it   fits   it   perfectly .   i   really   enjoyed   getting   this   item .   i   definitely   recommend   anyone   to   purchase   this   item .
works   great   steps   i   took   to   fix   my   microwave   i   wasn   t   sure   what   component   broke   in   my   microwave   a   ge   spacesaver   xl1800 .   it   would   actually   run ,   just   would   not   heat   the   food .   br   br   from   extensive   research ,   i   figured   out   which   components ,   when   broken ,   would   allow   my   microwave   to   run   but   just   not   heat .   the   list   below   is   from   the   most   likely   to   least   likely   cause   of   the   problem .   br   br   1 .   diode   br   2 .   magnetron   many   times   1   2   happen   together   br   3 .   capacitor   br   4 .   high   voltage   regulator   br   5 .   control   circuit   board   br   br   90   of   the   time   it   is   1   or   2   and   most   likely   both .   br   br   for   me ,   it   was   both .   br   br   when   i   ordered   the   above   diode   i   tested   it   with   an   ohm   volt   meter   and   a   9v   batter .   the   original   had   current   both   ways .   the   new   one   allowed   current   only   one   way   that   s   the   correct   result .   br   br   tests   on   my   old   and   new   magnetrons   with   the   ohm   meter   had   the   same   results   no   battery   needed   for   this   .   both   tests   read   as   a   closed   circuit   or   0.00   on   my   ohm   meter   .   so   i   wasn   t   sure   if   the   original   magnetron   was   actually   broken   or   not .   br   br   so   to   check   this ,   i   kept   the   old   magnetron   installed   and   just   installed   the   new   diode   plenty   videos   on   youtube   on   this   .   br   br   no   heat .   problem   not   fixed .   br   br   so   then   i   replaced   the   magnetron   and   kept   the   new   diode   in   place .   new   magnetron .   new   diode .   br   br   success ..... my   microwave   works .   yay !   br   br   hope   this   helps .   br   br   ps .   i   ended   up   getting   the   an   exact   copy   of   the   above   samsung   om75p   10   magnetron   for   52   total   final   price   on   another   site .   br   br   pss .   consider   replacing   the   halogen   internal   light   bulb   while   you   have   the   microwave   apart .
does   not   fit   in   my   space   in   my   kitchen   there   is   a   wall   directly   to   the   left   of   the   microwave   space .   the   microwave   i   had   before ,   a   ge ,   worked   fine ,   but   the   whirlpool   is   hinged   differently   so   that   there   needs   to   be   more   clearance   to   the   left .   i   guess   it   is   expected   there   are   shallow   cabinets   on   each   side   but   in   my   case   there   s   a   wall   so   since   the   whirlpool   is   hinged   so   the   door   requires   more   clearance ,   it   does   not   fit .   nowhere   in   the   specifications   did   i   see   that   it   requires   more   than   an   inch   clearance   to   the   left   and   cannot   be   installed   with   a   wall   to   the   left !
repaired   my   microwave .   my   turn   table   would   not   turn   i   ordered   this   part   and   put   it   in   and   the   microwave   is   as   good   as   new .
saved   my   microwave   i   had   a   ring   of   rust   and   metal   on   the   bottom   of   my   microwave   oven .   my   husband   just   wanted   to   buy   a   new   oven   but   i   had   already   ordered   this   product .   i   worked   great .   i   followed   direction   i   found   online   and   my   oven   is   like   new   again !
perfect   fit   this   was   a   replacement   and   the   fit   and   quality   was   perfect .   i   would   recommend   the   product   to   anyone   needing   a   replacement
agree   wholeheartedly   with   other   reviews   although   they   look   pretty ,   we   will   also   never   buy   another   frigidaire   product .   bought   a   package   from   another   retailer   at   a   reasonable   price   for   what   we   thought   were   top   of   the   line   frigidaire   products .   in   less   than   two   years   both   the   microwave   and   dishwasher   needed   major   repair   within   a   week   of   one   another ..... the   micro   for   240   and   the   dishwasher   for   350 .   repairman   recommended   we   chalk   both   up   as   a   loss   and   replace   with   a   different   brand   as   he   has   seen   lots   of   problems   with   the   frigidaire   product .   recommend   to   buyers   that   you   spend   a   little   more   upfront   because   you   will   save   in   the   end .
i   was   scared   at   first   it   is   listed   as   stainless   steel ,   but   a   magnet   stuck   tight   to   it .   this   is   not   typical   of   stainless   not   this   much   attraction .   research   through   google   showed   some   stainless   is   magnetic .   i   knew   this ,   but   the   attraction   seemed   too   strong . was   this   a   stainless   steel   coating   over   iron   i   do   not   know .   br   br   the   microwave   has   worked   very   well   for   me ,   i   have   no   complaints .   br   caution   some   cleaners   can   pit   s . s .   amonia   should   never   be   used   on   stainles !   if   if   it   was   a   s . s .   coating   and   a   pit   goes   to   to   the   iron !   br   br   my   experience   has   been   with   microwaves   that   have   the   white   enamel   coating   inside .   the   coating   starts   to   seperate   from   the   metal   shell   and   fall   into   your   food .   you   remove   it   until   it   is   almost   all   gone ,   leaving   the   exposed   metal   shell   to   rust .   this   has   happened   to   me   several   times .   br   br   i   am   very   pleased   with   the   danby   designer   from   amazon .
it   works   good   but   i   don   t   like   the   fact   that   it   doesn   t   have   numbers ,   i   always   go   over   the   time   i   need   or   it   takes   too   long   if   i   do   it   manually .   it   s   also   too   small   to   fit   large   plates ....
se   error   like   everyone   else   our   november   2010   purchase   has   come   to   be   the   bane   of   our   kitchen .   if   you   never   boil   anything   on   your   stove   your   experience   maybe   different   but   if   your   family   requires   food   to   survive   i   d   opt   for   a   different   microwave .
paint   saves   a   perfectly   good   microwave   she   who   must   be   obeyed   was   ready   to   throw   the   microwave   out   as   the   interior   was   beginning   to   flake .   a   little   sand   paper   and   paint   and   she   welcomed   it   back   into   her   kitchen .   it   feels   good   to   go   one   up   on   this   disposable   society .
college   kid   i   bought   this   microwave   for   my   college   dorm   room   and   their   isn   t   a   day   that   goes   by   that   i   regret   it !   br   br   this   microwave   is   relatively   quiet   and   very   easy   to   clean .   it   is   also   the   perfect   amount   of   watts   to   keep   the   university   off   my   back !
a   dangerous   appliance   we   had   a   ge   microwave   oven   burst   into   flames   for   no   apparent   reason .   br   my   wife   was   reheating   cup   of   coffee   when   the   fire   occurred .   she   cut   the   power   and   the   flame   immediately   stopped .   her   quick   thinking   averted   what   could   have   been   a   nasty   housefire .   br   it   was   a   2   year   old   ge   spacemaker   model   jvm   1540dp1ww .   br   br   our   previous   microwave   was   a   similar   model   ge   spacemaker   which   quit   working   at   age   3 ,   but   did   not   catch   fire .   br   br   ge   assigned   a   case   1316274   br   br   i   sent   a   report   to   the   uspsc .   br   while   researching   microwave   fires   today ,   i   learned   that   there   have   been   many   similar   fires   reported   to   ge   and   the   uspsc   but   neither   party   has   taken   any   action .... ge   continues   to   sell   this   dangerous   appliance   and   the   feds   continue   to   record   the   incidents ,   but   take   no   action .
good   microwave   this   microwave   is   pretty   good   and   very   quite .   i   love   the   way   it   looks   in   the   kitchen .   however ,   that   being   said   the   reason   i   am   not   happy   with   this   item   completely   is   because   of   the   way   it   was   packaged   when   shipped .   they   don   t   box   this   item   right   and   the   corners   are   all   exposed   during   shipping   by   the   time   i   got   it   it   was   all   warped   and   dented .   luckily   it   was   on   the   side   that   you   cant   see   when   installed   and   nothing   was   damaged   except   for   the   optional   vent   part   that   came   with   it .   also ,   the   install   directions   are   very   confusing ...
not   worth   the   expense   the   light   on   the   clock   does   not   stay   lit   when   micro   not   in   use .   when   the   door   opens   and   shuts ,   the   liquid   in   a   cup   or   whatever   may   spill .   also   when   reheating   coffee   from   7   11   it   tips   over !
microwave   cavity   paint   98qbp03   i   scraped   and   cleaned   the   area   really   we   ll   as   per   instructions ,   but   found   that   the   paint   started   to   peel   again   after   three   weeks
i   wouldn   t   trust   this   microwave   our   lg   lmv1683st   just   caught   fire   too .   br   making   popcorn   like   we   have   countless   times   before ,   happened   to   walk   past   and   noticed   flames   coming   from   the   roof   vent .   br   luckily   we   caught   it   early   so   were   able   to   put   out   the   flames   without   too   much   drama .   br   i   called   lg   and   the   earliest   they   can   get   someone   out   is   next   monday   today   is   tuesday   .   actually ,   i   was   surprised   that   the   customer   service   rep   didn   t   express   any   concern   whatsoever   about   us   having   a   fire   in   our   kitchen ,   no   big   deal   i   guess !   br   and ,   i   have   to   add   that   it   is   vented   correctly ,   i   double   checked   that .   installed   above   the   stove   and   room   vented .   br   we   purchased   ours   may   2013 ,   it   s   now   march   2014   so   it   had   better   still   be   under   warranty .   to   be   honest ,   i   m   now   very   uneasy   at   the   thought   of   getting   another   one   of   these ,   i   d   never   trust   it   again .   thats   something   i   ll   be   talking   to   them   about   after   the   service   tech   comes   out .   br   br   note   added   16   3   14   i   also   reviewed   microwave   on   lowes . com   last   week   but   it   was   not   published .   presumably   they   delete   any   negative   reviews .   will   never   trust   that   site   again ,   after   all ,   it   was   the   positive   reviews   on   that   site   that   made   me   buy   the   thing   in   the   first   place .   br   br   update   17   3   14   service   tech   came   out   and   said   it   was   the   fan   cover   that   caught   fire .   the   second   one   he   s   seen   in   this   area   in   the   past   2   weeks .   luckily   we   were   able   to   stop   the   flames   before   it   melted   anything   but   the   fan   cover   itself .   so   they   are   just   replacing   the   fan   cover .   assured   me   it   is   a   different   model   though .   they   also   told   me   that   it   happened   because   we   were   cooking   popcorn   in   a   microwave   popcorn   popper   and   it   was   too   close   to   the   ceiling .   but ,   we   ve   used   the   exact   same   bowl   in   3   different   brands   of   microwaves   over   the   past   10   years   without   a   problem ,   so   i   just   don   t   get   it .   br   to   my   dismay ,   they   didn   t   care   about   the   burn   marks   on   the   ceiling   of   the   microwave   either .   sure ,   it   s   not   a   large   area ,   but   it   s   still   really   noticeable .   just   told   me   i   should   be   able   to   get   it   off   with   bleach ,   which   didn   t   work   or   to   go   out   and   buy   myself   some   touch   up   paint .   br   so   there   you   go ,   up   to   you   if   you   want   to   risk   buying   this   model .   i   m   not   happy   at   having   brown   burn   marks   on   the   ceiling   of   a   less   than   1   year   old   microwave   but   their   attitude   is   that   it   s   my   problem ,   not   theirs .
serious   little   microwave   this   will   fit   in   a   small   place   and   has   room   for   a   full   size   dinner   plate .   it   is   very   sturdy   and   well   made .   you   could   go   to   walmart   and   get   a   40   dollar   microwave   and   that   might   fit   the   bill .   but   this   will   last .
broke   after   a   year   of   normal   use   very   disappointed   in   this   product .   completely   stopped   working   after   about   a   year .   everything   went   out   on   it ,   would   not   even   power   on .
dead   already   you   ve   got   to   be   kidding   me !   we   bought   this   for   our   kitchen   remodel   to   fit   in   the   island   in   july   2012 .   i   don   t   like   having   the   micro   over   the   stove   because   i   do   a   lot   of   canning   and   wanted   a   great   range   hood .   the   heat   from   canning   tends   to   melt   the   electronics   in   micros   over   the   stove   after   about   a   few   seasons .   br   once   it   was   in ,   i   was   never   completely   happy   because   it   took   a   long   time   to   reheat   food   and   didn   t   seem   to   reheat   evenly .   not   a   big   deal   since   we   only   used   it   for   leftovers .... and   it   looked   good   tucked   away   under   the   counter .   br   when   i   bought   it ,   i   couldn   t   find   many   reviews   on   it   good   or   bad ,   but   figured   it   would   be   fine   especially   with   the   high   price   tag .   br   wrong !   br   it   just   died   with   no   warning .   our   199   over   the   stove   micros   lasted   longer !   i   could   have   melted   4   or   5   of   those   for   the   price   of   this   one !   br   i   m   going   to   try   to   fix   it   because   now   i   have   a   custom   island   built   to   fit   this   specific   microwave .   save   your   money ,   buy   a   countertop   model   and   whatever   you   do ,   do   not   build   cabinetry   to   fit   this   piece   of   junk !   br   br   update   i   was   able   to   have   this   fixed   by   a   local   guy .   apparently   there   was   some   bad   circuitry   that   he   was   able   to   replace .   glad   i   don   t   have   to   find   a   new   microwave   to   fit   the   space ,   but   i   still   wouldn   t   recommend   it .   who   knows   when   it   will   break   again .
she   said   my   wife   does   90   of   the   cooking   in   our   home   and   i   asked   her   what   she   thought   of   our   new   ge   cafe   series   csa1201rss   1.7   cu .   ft .   over   the   range   advantium   speed   oven   microwave   and   she   said ,   34   i   love   it .   i   may   never   use   our   regular   range   oven   again   34   .   i   use   it   for   the   usual   things   that   most   men   use   it   for .   popcorn ,   heating   coffee ,   warming   left   overs   and   the   like   and   for   me ,   i   think   it   is   also   great .   it   reheats   just   about   anything   i   have   tried   to   just   the   right   temperature .   if   there   are   any   cons   with   this   appliance ,   i   haven   t   run   across   them   yet .
perfect   fit !   ordered   because   my   turntable   inexplicably   shattered   after   5   years .   this   replacement   was   listed   for   my   model   number .   perfect   fir .   great   price .   no   problems .
stopped   working   less   after   2   years   be   purchased   all   bosch   appliances   in   2011 .   br   br   refrigerator   went   out   twice .   it   was   past   warranty   so   bosch   would   not   cover .   then   we   found   out   it   was   covered   through   the   good   housekeeping   seal   of   approval .   once   we   got   them   involved   it   was   eventually   repaired   then   replaced   after   more   and   more   problems .   br   br   now   microwave   hmv   3051   completely   died .   only   2.5   years   old   with   moderate   use .   bosch   will   not   help   and   unfortunately   it   does   not   have   good   housekeeping   seal .   we   will   replace   with   non   bosch   model   that   does
saved   me   a   packet   my   microwave   was   rusting   out   badly   and   it   is   an   undercabinet   attached   microwave .   i   didn   t   want   to   have   to   buy   a   new   one   to   fit   in   that   small   spot   and   i   didn   t   want   to   have   to   remove   the   microwave   to   paint   it .   so   in   a   couple   of   hours ,   i   cleaned   the   microwave   directions   online   ,   covered   all   surfaces   from   overspray ,   and   used   this   paint .   now   i   have   a   new   microwave   and   i   keep   a   clean   sock   filled   with   rice   in   it   when   it   is   not   being   used .   the   rice   absorbs   the   moisture   so   the   microwave   won   t   rust   again .   i   am   very   happy .
convection   oven   subpar   we   ve   had   this   convection   oven   now   for   about   2   years   and   while   we   are   pretty   happy   with   the   microwave   portion ,   the   convection   feature   is   not   satisfactory .   because   of   the   smaller   volume   compared   to   a   regular   range   you   would   assume   that   the   oven   heats   up   faster   or   doesn   t   even   need   to   preheat   at   all ,   as   we   were   used   to   with   our   previous   model   from   kitchenaid .   but   this   model   takes   actually   about   twice   as   long   as   our   regular   oven   and   therefore   we   hardly   use   the   convection   feature .   so   if   you   are   looking   for   a   good   convection   oven ,   this   is   not   it .
great   space   saver   i   have   a   small   kitchen   and   my   old   microwave   was   a   full   sized   microwave   that   took   up   a   large   amount   of   cabinet   space   and   seemed   out   of   place   because   of   its   size .   shopped   around   and   found   this   smaller   sized   unit   but   was   hesitant   because   it   is   700   watts   while   my   old   unit   was   1000   watts .   however ,   i   have   found   that   cooking   time   in   this   unit   is   insignificantly   longer   than   the   old   microwave .   a   few   second   for   most   things .   i   don   t   actually   cook   in   it   but   use   it   for   warming   left   overs   or   frozen   snacks ,   etc .   for   my   use   it   is   perfect   and   it   is   an   attractive   addition   to   my   kitchen   rather   than   a   huge   distraction .   if   you   need   a   smaller   sized   microwave ,   i   highly   recommend   this   one .
product   was   great !   really   enjoyed   the   drawer   type   microwave   and   the   auto   open   feature   is   a   plus .   br   comes   with   full   warranty   even   though   is   is   a   refurbished   model .
works   great ,   except   it   does   some   anoying   beeps   everything   works   perfectly ,   after   several   months   of   using .   it   looks   great   and   it   is   pretty   smart .   however ,   i   am   annoyed   by   continuous   error   beeps .
door   handle   is   broken !   we   had   this   for   less   than   2   years   and   the   door   handle   fell   off .   it   is   held   onto   the   microwave   door   with   cheap   plastic   parts .
nice   for   the   money .   i   bought   this   microwave   to   fit   into   a   cabinet .   so   the   measurments   were   most   important   to   me .   other   than   that ,   it   has   everything   i   want   in   a   microwave   oven .   full   size   to   fit   big   plates .   the   carousel   works   great .   easy   controls .   several   one   push   buttons   for   1min ,   2min ,   3min ,   even   a   30   sec   button .   readouts   are   very   bright   and   easy   to   see .   the   only   problem   is   the   cabinet .   when   i   got   this   via   ups ,   it   was   packed   inside   of   a   plain   brown   box .   inside   that   box   was   the   box   that   the   microwave   was   shipped   in .   in   that   box   was   a   full   surround   of   think   styrofoam   blocks   along   with   some   plastic   and   paperwork .   when   i   took   it   out   of   all   the   wrapping ,   the   cabinet   was   loaded   with   dents   and   one   side   was   slightly   collapsed .   i   don   t   know   how   this   could   have   happened   unless   it   was   done   before   shipping .   but ,   why   would   they   ship   something   they   knew   was   so   beat   up   the   only   reason   i   can   think   of   is ...... people   buy   them   to   put   in   cabinets   like   i   did .   i   paid   99.00 .   great   working   microwave .   terrible   cabinet .
my   favorite   microwave   i   was   going   to   say   despite   its   size ,   this   is   a   wonderful   microwave ,   but   then   i   think   the   small   size   is   the   best   part !   i   bought   it   for   my   small   kitchen ,   and   it   s   not   only   adorable ,   it   s   a   kick   ass   machine .   love   it !
as   described   part   is   as   described .   arrived   in   a   timely   fashion .   installation   was   easy .   direct   replacement   for   the   magnetron   in   our   10   year   old   ge   spacemaker .   microwave   is   working   again !
horrible !   had   to   return   it   ,   received   less   than   half   the   i   paid   for   it .   bulky ,   odd   shape   very   difficult   to   find   suitable   space   for   it .   like   i   had   an   old   tv   on   my   counter .   ugly   very   . ugly
great !   i   was   going   to   replace   the   microwave ,   checked   it   out   and   found   it   was   the   magnetron .   ordered   this ,   delivered   fast ,   fixed   it   for   under   a   100   bucks !
gutless   this   microwave   is   great   for   portability   and   also   defrosts   meats   well   without   over   doing   it .   br   it   looks   good   in   the   kitchen   and   is   good   for   basic   use   as   long   as   your   not   in   a   hurry .   br   it   has   no   power   compared   to   a   full   size   one .   br   what   takes   30   seconds   in   my   old   panasonic   takes   1   1   2   minutes   in   this   one .   thats   reheating   a   cup   of   coffee .   br   we   keep   the   old   micro   plugged   in ,   in   the   basement   if   we   need   larger   things   heated   quicker   and   to   be   hot .   br   reheating   leftovers   takes   much   longer .   point   being   if   your   into   getting   things   heated   quickly   this   is   not   the   microwave   for   you .   br   it   has   an   annoying   beep   that   continuously   goes   off   about   every   30   seconds   after   something   has   been   heated   until   you   open   the   door .   like   you   need   to   be   reminded .   just   another   electronic   noise   nobody   needs .   br   its   expensive   for   what   you   get .   you   are   paying   for   portability .
stay   away ! ! !   this   and   whirlpool   other   product !   junk ! ! ! !   we   got   the   whole   suite   of   whirlpool   appliances   with   our   new   house .   every   piece   fridge ,   dishwasher   and   this   microwave   gave   us   only   grief   and   never   ending   service   calls .   and   this   is   after   only   4   months   of   using   them ,   they   all   fall   apart .   this   oven   has   a   nice   display ,   however ,   while   cooking   the   door   sucks   in   all   the   water   vapor   from   below   cooking   top   and   the   moisture   sits   there   for   hours   where   all   the   electronics   are .   it   is   hooked   up   to   the   outside   vent   however   it   blows   all   the   hot   air   back   to   the   kitchen   instead   of   the   pipe   in   the   wall .   i   have   technician   look   at   it   again   this   weekend .   save   yourself   the   aggravation   and   but   samsung   or   other   high   quality   brand ,   whirlpool   quality   is   a   history   at   this   point .
got   3   years   nice   looking   microwave   but   has   many   problems .   lasted   exactly   3   years   then   i   had   to   replace .   since   it   is   an   over   the   range   model   that   means   you   may   be   cooking   things   under   it   on   the   range   that   create   steam .   when   the   steam   rises   it   gets   into   the   electronics   of   the   keyboard   and   shorts   it   out .   replaced   the   keyboard   at   2   yrs   forgot   cost   but   was   not   cheap   and   finally   it   has   finally   died .   poorly   designed .   do   not   recommend .
an   almost   immediate   regrettable   purchase   i   ve   only   had   this   for   less   than   a   month   and ,   full   disclosure ,   i   didn   t   purchase   it   from   amazon   but   got   the   exact   same   model   from   best   buy   i   should   have   read   the   reviews   here   first   before   it   was   installed !   .   the   good   it   looks   nice   the   stainless   steel   finish   must   have   some   kind   of   coating   on   it   because   it   s   much   easier   to   clean   than   some   of   my   other   steel   appliances   the   overall   size   is   decent   on   the   inside .   when   it   s   cooking ,   i   have   to   say   this   is   the   quietest   microwave   i   ve   ever   owned .   the   not   so   good   i   ve   never   had   an   over   the   range   microwave   with   the   handle   on   the   door   before   and   i   hadn   t   really   given   that   feature   much   thought   before   making   the   purchase .   it   looks   nice   and   all ,   but   the   handle   gets   untouchably   hot   if   you   re   cooking   on   the   stove   i   don   t   think   i   d   ever   buy   another   with   a   handle   again   because   it   s   kind   of   a   nuisance   to   have   to   use   an   oven   mitt   to   open   the   microwave   even   more   of   a   nuisance   if   i   forget   to   use   a   mitt   and   put   my   hand   on   hot   stainless   steel   .   it   s   very   hard   to   see   inside   of   when   food   is   cooking .   there   s   one   bulb   and   it   s   quite   dim ,   plus   the   door   has   a   screen   printed   pattern   on   it   that   makes   it   even   harder   to   see   into .   the   exhaust   fan   for   the   range   technically   has   two   settings ,   but   they   sound   almost   identical ...   and   it   s   very   loud .   if   the   microwave   is   running   for   a   long   period   of   time   or   if   it   starts   getting   overheated   from   the   stove   below ,   the   fan   automatically   turns   on .   it   s   a   smart   feature   to   prevent   it   from   overheating ,   but   again   the   fan   is   super   loud ,   and   you   can   t   manually   turn   it   off   once   it   kicks   on .   the   bad   oh .   my .   god .   the   freakin   beeps   when   it   s   done   cooking   are   insane !   i   ve   never ,   ever   had   a   microwave   that   didn   t   stop   beeping   upon   the   door   being   opened .   not   only   does   this   continue ,   but   the   3   beeps   are   extremely   loud   and   at   least   5   6   seconds   long   each !   and   if   you   don   t   open   the   door   in   a   timely   fashion ,   it   doesn   t   remind   you   with   a   gentle ,   short   beep   instead   you   get   the   same   3   ear   shattering   yokoono   screeching   beeps   every   2   minutes .   i   ve   found   that   if   you   hit   the   stop   cancel   button   before   opening   the   door ,   it   ll   stop   the   beeping ...   but   again ,   it   s   another   nuisance   that   i   ve   never   had   to   deal   with   in   any   previous   microwaves .   the   other   bad   thing   i   ve   found   is   that   the   touch   pad   scratches   extremely   easily .   i   only   use   a   microfiber   cloth   on   it   and   it   still   looks   like   i   went   at   it   with   steel   wool   covered   in   broken   glass .   i   tried   using   a   plastic   fiberglass   polish   and   it   didn   t   do   a   thing .   however ,   i   ve   found   that   using   granite   countertop   cleaner   polish   at   least   minimizes   the   look   of   the   scratches   a   bit .   overall ,   i   d   advise   people   against   purchasing   this   model .   its   negatives   outweigh   the   positives ...   especially   when   there   are   so   many   other ,   better   choices   out   there .
great   product !   i   really   thought   our   built   in   microwave   was   going   to   have   to   be   replaced ,   because   of   the   paint   pealing   away   and   rust   forming   where   exposed .   to   my   amazement   this   inexpensive   product   solved   my   problem   with   ease .   remember   to   have   area   well   vented   to   the   outside   and   to   use   a   mask .   by   using   many   light   sprays   you   will   prevent   runs .
great   microwave   i   ve   just   had   this   microwave   installed   in   my   new   kitchen .   i   wanted   to   find   one   that   could   go   in   my   island   and   wouldn   t   detract   from   my   new   cabinets .   it   s   easy   to   use   and   is   a   great   addition   to   my   new   kitchen .
ge   microwave   oven   magnetron   and   diode   kit   om75p   solved   my   issues   the   parts   were   just   what   was   needed .   they   were   the   correct   part   as   identified .   there   was   no   variations   and   therefore   installed   just   like   the   parts   that   were   removed .   have   been   working   just   fine   since   installed .
microwave   oven   this   microwave   oven   was   purchased   for   work .   everbody   likes   it .   never   have   any   problems .   would   purchase   the   same   kind   next   time .
not   working   right   the   microwave   is   sparking   while   heating   we   are   sending   it   back   for   a   replacement   will   hope   it   works   this   time
works   fine   works ,   great   shipping   everthing   was   good   looks   really   nice   above   the   oven   with   the   microwave   if   we   could   a   microwave   that   worked   to   go   with   it
compact   and   great   microwave   that   takes   half   of   the   space   of   the   previous ,   fits   in   the   corner   and   don   t   interfere   with   wi   fi !   br   putting   the   magnetron   beneath   the   microwave   made   it   compact .
broken   after   4   months   i   like   the   form ,   fits   well   in   the   corner   of   our   counter .   fairly   weak   strength   but   adequate   for   heating   up   a   bowl   of   food .   biggest   issue   is   that   it   is   now   dead !   after   only   4   months   of   use .   still   trying   to   get   whirlpool   to   fix   or   replace   it   but   customer   service   has   not   been   stellar .   day   5   after   contacting   them   but   still   trying   to   reach   the   person   i   need .
do   not   buy   this   microwave   i   am   having   the   same   issue   but   the   keypad   goes   dark   as   soon   as   you   press   start   so   the   error   code   does   not   come   on .   samsung   would   not   fix   this .   they   want   me   to   pay   for   a   repairman   to   come   out   here   to   fix .   after   all   of   the   reviews   you   would   think   they   would   want   to   fix   and   save   their   reputation .   i   will   never   buy   samsung   again ,   as   i   had   a   tv   that   also   had   issues   that   they   knew   about   and   would   not   fix .   if   i   pay   for   a   repairman   i   might   as   well   get   a   new   microwave   for   that   price   and   it   won   t   be   a   samsung ! ! ! ! ! !
love   the   drewer   we   bought   this   for   a   new   construction   and   haven   t   used   it   yet .   it   looks   great   and   hope   it   works   just   as   well .
great   for   the   price ...   despite   the   high   percentage   of   negative   reviews   here ,   i   recently   bought   this   unit   to   replace   a   very   similar   frigidaire   unit   which   developed   a   34   fatal   34   magnetron   failure   after   10   years   of   heavy   use .   i   can   t   understand   all   of   the   bad   reviews   regarding   the   34   beeps   34   and   user   interface ,   possibly   because   they   don   t   seem   odd   to   me .   you   can   always   turn   it   off   just   before   the   beep   if   it   annoys   you .   br   br   of   course ,   i   will   be   as   unhappy   as   some   of   the   other   reviewers   if   it   fails   quickly ,   but   after   such   a   good   experience   with   our   previous   one   i   decided   to   take   the   chance .   it   also   gets   much   better   reviews   a   lot   of   other   places   with   a   much   larger   34   sample   34   of   reviewers .   so   far   we   love   it   as   much   as   it   s   predecessor ,   but   i   ll   report   back   if   it   conks   out   quickly .
unreliable   horrible   customer   service   no   more   ge   products   for   me !   this   review   is   as   much   for   this   product   as   is   for   consumer   reports .   bought   all   new   appliances   for   a   new   cabin   we   built   and   used   consumer   reports   recommendation   to   buy   these   appliances .   this   was   one   these   purchases   and   was   given   an   excellent   review   by   the   consumer   reports   people ! ! !   br   br   lasted   just   over   a   year   and   quit   working .   ge   wants   75   just   to   look   at   it   before   telling   me   how   much   in   parts   and   labor   they   will   charge   me   to   repair   it .   i   can   buy   another   company   s   2.2   cu .   ft .   stainless   steel   countertop   microwave   for   89   today   brand   new   with   full   warranty !   ah ... no   thanks !   br   br   my   old   29   year   old   panasonic   is   still   working   great   and   heats   food   just   as   well   as   this   one   if   not   better .   i   think   i   ll   take   my   own   advice   now   instead   of   consumer   reports   and   buy   another   panasonic !   br   br   update   found   out   the   inverter   board   is   bad ... ge   wants   250   for   a   new   part   75   service   trip   charge   and   another   75   for   repair   400   total   repair   cost   for   a   microwave   oven   just   over   a   year   old   when   one   of   these   brand   new   is   just   under   300 ! ! !
good   microwave   for   small   kitchens   and   as   for   the   price   the   microwave   is   really   ok   as   for   the   price   if   you   don   t   need   to   have   a   fancy   ,   big   microwave   and   you   use   it   basically   just   to   warm   up   dishes   it   s   perfect !   br   i   tried   also   to   thaw   meat   there   or   prepare   popcorn   it   also   works   well .   br   cons   a   little   bit   noisy   when   it   s   ending   preparation   popcorn   button   doesn   t   work   well   program   need   to   be   chosen   repeated   to   make   sure   popcorn   is   popped   br   pros   easy   to   use   small   built   in   kitchen   timer   cheap
does   the   trick   it   microwaves   leftovers   and   it   fits   in   the   corner   with   a   relatively   small   footprint .   that   s   all   i   ask   from   it .   wish   it   came   with   a   low   profile   plug   but   i   figured   out   a   way   to   make   it   work .
nice   little   unit   this   microwave   is   excellent   for   the   small   household   and   the   person   who   does   not   do   complex   cooking .   it   s   full   plate   size ,   fine   for   heat   ups   and   smaller   casserole   dishes .   best   of   all   is   the   way   it   fits   into   a   corner .   yes   it   takes   up   space ,   is   not   34   tiny   34   but   fits   under   cabinets   and   leaves   you   more   counter   space .   controls   are   easy   to   set .   haven   t   had   a   microwave   in   years ,   and   somebody   suggested   this .   i   m   happy   with   it .
ge   profile   pvm1790   don   t   buy ! ! !   among   the   other   problems   mentioned ,   the   glass   panel   in   the   door   shatters   when   the   convection   oven   goes   over   400   degrees .   and   don   t   even   think   about   installing   a   new   door   yourself ,   as   ge   insists   only   their   repair   people   can   do   the   work   for   150   plus   the   cost   of   the   door .   zero   stars   would   be   totally   appropriate .
fan   malfunctions   at   random   times   the   fan   will   come   on   by   itself   at   random   times   and   will   not   turn   off   until   i   unplug   the   microwave .   this   happened   several   times   over   a   period   of   a   couple   months   then   again   occasionally .   this   started   happening   about   2   years   into   using   it .   it   hasn   t   happened   recently ,   probably   not   for   the   last   9   months   or   more .   hopefully ,   it   will   not   return .   the   fan   is   also   fairly   loud   to   the   point   you   have   to   elevate   your   voice   to   carry   on   a   conversation .   everything   else   is   average   but   it   sure   looks   nice   and   that   is   why   i   was   foolish   enough   to   buy   it .   i   would   have   given   it   one   star   if   not   for   the   fact   you   can   work   around   the   problem   by   unplugging   it   and   plugging   it   back   in   to   get   the   fan   to   turn   off   and   i   can   live   with   the   noise   it   makes .
inferior   product   i   was   initially   impressed   with   this   oven .   but   in   less   than   three   months   it   was   trouble .   as   other   reviewers   have   said ,   the   oven   will   turn   itself   on .   the   plastic   exterior   will   crack   due   to   the   heat   from   the   range .   and   whirlpool   has   made   customer   satisfaction   a   priority   despite   the   numerous   complaints   about   this   oven .   my   oven   was   ultimately   replaced   by   my   builder   under   the   builders   warranty   guarantee .   the   replacement   oven   brand   new   also   cracked   and   continues   to   malfunction   intermitently .   whirlpool   should   recall   all   of   this   garbage   and   offer   replacements .   i   think   it   is   legally   and   certainly   morally   wrong   to   continue   to   sell   this   inferior ,   overpriced ,   and   potentially   dangerous   product   especially   since   that   have   been   notified   of   problems   that   can   be   documented   by   the   repair   companies   they   contract   to   service   these   thing .   br   br   i   am   thoroughly   disappointed   in   this   product   and   the   lack   of   customer   support   from   whirlpool .
microwave   good   unit   br   easy   to   install   as   i .   was   replacing   old   unit   br   color   was   as   expected   it   to   be   when   opened
damaged   the   door   has   a   huge   dent   in   it .   makes   me   suspicious   of   how   34   new   34   the   product   is   or   if   it   is   a   factory   second   or   something   returned   by   another   purchaser .
excellent   for   small   space   this   small   microwave   does   everything   you   need   even   without   lots   of   bells   and   whistles .   it   fits   a   corner   if   necessary   and   does   as   good   a   job   as   a   larger   microwave .   it   s   easy   to   clean .   i   m   so   pleased   with   my   decision .
poor   design ,   dead   in   3   years .   i   was   just   heating   my   lunch   and   once   the   cycle   ended   fan ,   light   and   turn   table   turned   off   the   heating   keep   going .   the   only   way   to   make   it   stop   is   to   unplug .   seems   like   many   people   are   having   the   same   issue   after   just   a   couple   years .   i   just   read   on   the   forums   that   the   control   board   is   the   issue   which   costs   around   160 .   piece   of   crap .   poor   design ,   and   also   the   timer   is   useless   and   other   featured   that   are   annoying .   stay   away   from   this   product .
nice   little   microwave   purchased   this   microwave   for   my   husband   s   semi   truck .   it   would   not   run   on   the   large   inverter   installed   in   the   truck .   fought   with   it   for   several   days   until   i   decided   it   would   work   great   here   at   home ! !   i   love   that   it   takes   up   so   little   room   on   my   counter .   it   s   perfect   for   the   one   or   two   person   household ! !
steam   from   stove   will   ruin   it   i   bought   a   samsung   smh9187w   over   the   oven   microwave   in   2010   at   sears .   249.00   looked   nice   and   worked   well .   br   br   here   is   a   warning .   don   t   have   a   steaming   pot   under   the   control   panel   for   an   extended   time .   moisture   ruins   the   control   panel .   br   br   i   cooked   homemade   soup   on   the   burner   below   the   control   panel .   the   steam   from   cooking   so   long ,   ruined   a   part   in   the   panel .   it   never   worked   again .   i   got   an   se5   code   when   i   tried   to   turn   it   on .   looked   it   up   on   the   internet .   indicated   moisture   damage   to   something .   be   careful .
major   design   flaw ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   i   love   the   microwave   but   their   answer   to   how   do   you   clean   the   glass   door   was ,   cover   your   food   and   you   shouldn   t   have   to   clean   it !   i   always   cover   my   food   yet   sometimes   the   saran   wrap   breaks   and   things   splatter !   how   you   could   put   a   fine   grate   between   the   food   and   the   glass   and   expect   food   not   to   splatter   is   beyond   me .   samsung   makes   great   tv   s   and   electronics ,   but   stay   away   from   appliances   as   they   obviously   do   not   have   a   clue !   in   the   meantime ,   i   paid   top   dollar   for   what   i   thought   was   a   great   product .   little   did   i   know   i   m   now   stuck   with   something   that   makes   me   look   like   i   m   a   total   slob   in   my   kitchen .   thanks   samsung !
compact   and   efficient   love   this   new   microwave   fits   perfectly   on   my   small   counter   and   is   very   efficient   for   what   i   need   heating   a   cup   or   my   heat   pad ...   the   only   negative   i   have   is   that   the   plastic   cover   on   the   bottom   front   panel   is   starting   to   deteriorate   already   and   i   ve   only   had   it   a   couple   of   months ...   otherwise   love   it !
3   microwaves   busted ! !   i   absolutely   cannot   believe   the   experience   we   have   had   with   this   microwave   model ! ! !   take   it   off   the   freaking   shelves   already .   recall   it .   the   same   issue   over   and   over   again   all   within   6   to   8   months   for   each   one   that   was   replaced !   the   unit   just   explodes   with   a   horrible   electric   cracking   sound   while   it   is   running .   there   is   an   electrical   short   that   fries   the   insides .   3   microwaves   later ,   here   we   are   once   again   calling   the   warranty   man .   do   not   buy   this   model !
looks   great !   this   microwave   is   simple   to   use ,   and   it   works   great .   at   first   i   was   a   little   apprehensive   about   the   matt   finish   on   it   but   once   we   got   it   installed ,   it   looks   great .   i   love   it !   my   husband   and   i   installed   it ... we   only   needed   a   basic   drill ,   it   took   a   couple   of   hours   but   we   got   it   done .
garbage   had   the   same   issue   as   trina   on   reviews .   i   purchased   via   the   usa   and   had   shipped   to   canada   via   a   freind .   manufactured   oct   2013   and   used   5   times   before   it   died .   sharp   basically   told   me   to   take   a   hike   because   of   no   cross   border   warranty .   my   kitchen   reno   is   not   even   done   and   this   thing   has   already   failed   and   cost   me   250   to   have   fixed .   garbage   product ,   garage   service ,   garabge   company .   stay   away   ! ! !
love   this   microwave !   love   this   microwave !   it   heats   food   drink   up   fast .   i   love   love   love   the   compact   size !   counter   top   clutter   is   one   of   my   pet   peeves   so   this   definitely   opens   up   some   counter   space .   it   s   so   cute   too !
boo ... hiss   this   came   with   the   townhouse   i   bought   in   may   2013 .   it   is   now   jan .   2014   and   it   s   dead .   the   date   of   manufacture   is   july   2011 .   came   on   here   to   buy   another   and   read   all   the   reviews .... thank   you   ... now   i   know   to   replace   it   with   a   different   brand .   it   s   not   even   2   years   old .   unfortunately ,   the   previous   owners   bought   the   whole   shebang   so   i   own   the   same   brand   model   oven ,   fridge   and   dishwasher ... ahhhhh .... that   doesn   t   bode   well   for   me ,   does   it   hopefully   the   microwave   is   the   worst   of   them   and   i   ll   get   more   use   out   of   the   rest   of   them .   frigidaire   is   an   electrolux   company .   thanks   again   for   the   reviews .   br   beth
touch   up   just   needed   for   a   touch   up   br   but   works   great !   will   keep   br   on   hand   if   see   another   chip   br   to   be   fixed
just   what   i   wanted   this   microwave   isn   t   perfect   but   it   s   perfect   for   me .   some   folks   would   think   it   s   a   little   loud ,   both   while   running   and   the   beeper .   it   takes   a   little   longer   to   heat   than   larger   units   but   that   s   to   be   expected .   those   are   minor   issues   for   me .   it   s   just   the   right   size   and   fits   nicely   in   the   dead   space   of   a   corner .   has   freed   up   counter   top   space .   it   heats   frozen   food   just   fine   and   that   s   all   i   use   it   for .   if   i   were   asked   what   needs   improving ,   i   d   like   to   be   able   to   key   in   the   heating   time   rather   than   push   the   button   up   and   down .   and   backlighting   for   the   buttons .   overall ,   it   fits   my   needs .
doesn   t   last   had   this   microwave   for   approximately   2   years   and   it   just   quit .   it   s   heavy   and   difficult   to   install   as   when   you   don   t   have   a   direct   vent ,   you   must   turn   the   vent   around   prior   to   mounting   it .   the   worse   part   is   it   just   didn   t   last .
very   happy   my   unit   arrived   quickly   and   in   good   order .   took   just   a   little   time   for   my   wife   and   i   to   mount   this   on   the   wall   the   instructions   were   adequate   for   setting   up   the   mounts   etc .   br   br   been   working   perfectly ,   can   t   think   of   anything   to   complain   about   except   there   was   another   reviewer   who   commented   on   a   design   flaw   of   there   being   no   proper   cover   to   the   exhaust   vent   on   top   small   items   could   fall   into   this   area .   i   would   agree   with   them ,   though   in   my   case   there   s   nothing   above   that   would   fall   into   it .
fantastic   space   saver   i   was   looking   for ! ! !   oh   my   gosh ! ! !   this   is   fantastic ! !   it   saved   sooooo   much   counter   space .   we   have   a   family   of   3   and   it   suits   us   perfectly .   i   had   one   of   the   big   stainless   microwaves ,   just   took   up   so   much   counter   space .   br   only   down   side   is   you   cannot   type   in   a   specific   time   for   something   to   heat .   you   press   the   start   button   and   it   s   automatic   30   seconds   press   twice ,   60 ... and   so   on   now   that   it   s   been   a   few   weeks ,   i   don   t   really   miss   the   number   bad .   i   d   rather   save   the   space ! !
omg !   this   thing   is   a   knockout ! !   we   ve   had   the   big   ol   34   over   the   range   massive   ge   microwave   that   was   powerful   enough   to   cook   a   buffalo   and   was   big   enough   to   fit   the   beast   inside   but ,   when   we   redesigned   our   kitchen   and   put   in   a   new   pro   style   stove   and   an   elegant   curved   glass   vent   over   it ,   that   oversized   radar   box   had   to   go !   but   what   to   get   to   replace   it   looked   at   all   the   allegedly   compact   countertop   units   and   rejected   every   one   of   them   34   compact   34   they   were   not !   br   br   and   then   we   found   this   whirlpool   tv   set ,   er ,   i   mean   microwave !   whomever   designed   this   deserves   a   nobel   prize   for   peace ,   physics   and   common   sense ! !   it   looks   just   like   a   cute   little   old   school   tv   set .   imagine   that !   a   cute   microwave   oven !   but   what   s   even   better   is   how   this   thing   disappears   right   into   the   corner   of   our   new   countertop .   somehow   they   figured   out   how   to   use   the   corner   to   their   design   advantage   and   here   s   the   best   you   can   place   a   full   size   11   34   dinner   plate   inside !   how   d   they   do   that   ! !   br   br   negatives   nothing   terrible .   yes ,   it   s   only   750   watts   vs   the   1200   of   our   former   34   beast   master   34   machine   but ,   as   another   reviewer   said ,   just   cause   it   fits   a   turkey   and   has   the   power   to   cook   it   doesn   t   mean   ya   should ! !   we   use   our   microwave   for   vegetables ,   eggs ,   liquids ,   popcorn   all   of   which   the   new   cute   whirlpool   tv   microwave   thingee   will   do   just   fine .   takes   an   extra   15   30   seconds   because   of   the   lower   power .   that   just   gives   me   a   little   extra   time   to   stare   at   this   awesome   box   and   marvel   at   how   truly   cool   it   is .   br   br   and   speaking   of   boxes ,   this   is   serious   out   of   the   box   thinking   about   appliances   and   how   they   fit   into   our   lifestyles .   major   kudos   to   whirlpool   for   taking   the   initiative   to   see   things   a   little   different .   steve   jobs   would   have   loved   this   microwave   form   and   style   perfectly   matched   with   function .   it   s   time   for   you   other   lazy   manufacturers   to   up   your   game .   br   br   bottom   line   outstanding   microwave !
it   went   up   in   flames !   i   bought   this   microwave   a   little   over   2   years   ago ,   and   it   was   just   okay .   i   really   didn   t   like   the   way   it   functioned   compared   to   previous   microwaves   i   have   owned .   but   it   looked   good ,   and   worked   fine   until   yesterday .   br   br   out   of   nowhere ,   it   just   went   up   in   flames ,   it   wasn   t   even   in   use   at   the   time .   br   br   the   only   one   in   the   house   was   my   72   yr .   old   mother   in   law ,   she   said   she   noticed   earlier   that   morning ,   the   display   on   the   microwave   was   off   and   she   was   unable   to   use   it   as   if   it   was   unplugged   .   a   while   later ,   the   house   filled   with   smoke .   smoke   and   flames   were   shooting   out   of   the   top   vent   of   the   microwave .   she   said   there   was   so   much   smoke   she   could   not   even   see   in   the   kitchen .   she   called   911 ,   the   fire   dept   was   dispatched ,   and   she   exited   our   home .   by   the   time   they   arrived   the   fire   had   burned   out   on   its   own ,   and   the   damage   was   contained   to   the   internals   of   the   microwave .   the   fire   crew   removed   the   microwave   from   my   home ,   and   inspected   the   home   to   insure   that   the   microwave   was   indeed   the   cause   of   the   fire .   thankfully   there   was   no   damage   to   our   home   other   than   the   microwave   itself ,   and   a   strong   odor   of   smoke   and   burnt   plastic   i   m   sure   it   will   take   weeks   to   get   rid   of   the   smell   .   br   br   i   contacted   samsung ,   to   report   what   happened   and   am   awaiting   a   response   from   the   executive   customer   relations   dept .   do   to   the   nature   of   the   incident .   br   br   i   m   not   really   sure   what   i   want   from   them ,   more   than   anything   to   create   awareness .   maybe   they   will   issue   a   recall ,   based   on   this   and   all   of   the   negative   reviews   i   have   read   here   on   amazon .   i   would   encourage   others   having   problems   with   this   model   to   report   it   to   samsung .   it   may   not   do   you   much   good ,   but   who   knows ,   you   could   save   a   life   or   something .   br   br   update   01   31   2014   br   samsung   executive   customer   relations   department   contacted   me   on   01   20   2014   mlk   holiday   ,   by   telephone   cell   phone   .   i   was   asked   to   provide   the   microwave   serial   number   but   did   not   have   it   with   me ,   so   we   agreed   that   i   would   provide   it   via   email .   a   short   time   later   i   received   an   email   asking   to   provide   the   serial   number   as   samsung   would   like   to   locate   a   service   center   to   diagnose   the   unit .   i   responded   later   that   day   with   the   serial   number .   br   br   on   01   21   2014   i   received   a   response   which   stated ,   based   on   the   serial   number   provided ,   the   microwave   is   out   of   warranty ,   but   due   to   the   nature   of   the   problem   samsung   will   cover   the   cost   of   diagnostics ,   and   a   service   center   will   contacting   me .   br   br   on   01   22   2014   i   received   a   call   from   the   service   center   informing   me   they   received   the   service   order   from   samsung ,   but   it   states   the   microwave   is   out   of   warranty   so   i   will   be   responsible   for   the   payment ,   i   asked   them   to   double   check   with   samsung ,   but   they   said   i   would   have   to   contact   them .   i   sent   an   email   explaining   what   the   service   center   said ,   and   a   few   hours   later   samsung   responded   with   a   one   time   accommodation   for   the   labor   which   i   assume   was   also   sent   to   the   service   center .   br   br   a   few   days   later   the   service   center   contacted   me   again ,   explaining   they   received   the   accommodation   from   samsung ,   and   asked   if   i   could   deliver   the   microwave   to   them ,   which   i   agreed   they   were   only   about   1   mile   from   my   home   .   br   br   on   01   29   14   the   service   center   contacted   me   to   explain   that   several   parts   in   the   microwave   short   circuited ,   and   required   replacement .   they   explained   that   the   accommodation   was   for   diagnostic   labor   only ,   and   any   further   repair   would   be   my   responsibility .   they   asked   for   direction   explaining   that   the   parts   required   are   expensive ,   and   the   repair   would   most   likely   exceed   the   cost   of   replacement .   br   br   i   sent   another   email   to   samsung   explaining   the   call   from   the   service   center .   i   explained   that   i   made   it   a   point   to   buy   appliances   from   well   know   major   brands   such   as   samsung   with   the   expectation   of   higher   quality   and   long   life .   i   asked   that   given   the   fact   the   unit   failed   due   to   a   short   circuit ,   after   such   a   short   life ,   under   normal   residential   use ,   that   they   consider   replacing   the   microwave   at   no   cost ,   despite   the   fact   the   warranty   period   had   ended .   not   to   mention   it   almost   burned   my   house   down .   br   br   it   has   been   over   48   hours   sense   the   email   was   sent   and   i   have   not   received   a   response   from   samsung .   i   have   instructed   the   service   center   to   recycle   the   microwave   if   they   do   not   hear   otherwise   from   me   or   samsung   by   monday   today   is   friday   .   br   br   if   i   get   a   response   from   samsung ,   i   will   update   the   review . he   microwave   at   no   cost ,   despite   the   fact   the   warranty   period   had   ended .   not   to   mention   it   almost   burned   my   house   down .   br   br   it   has   been   over   48   hours   sense   the   email   was   sent   and   i   have   not   received   a   response   from   samsung .   i   have   instructed   the   service   center   to   recycle   the   microwave   if   they   do   not   hear   otherwise   from   me   or   samsung   by   monday   today   is   friday   .   br   br   if   i   get   a   response   from   samsung ,   i   will   update   the   review .
did   the   trick !   made   my   2005   manufactured   ge   spacemaker   xl1800   work   like   new   man !   there   are   a   lot   of   different   shells   for   the   xl1800   depending   on   the   year   it   was   made !   !   there   was   a   small   round   diode   like   item   attached   with   2   screws   to   the   side   of   the   original   unit   and   not   on   the   replacement .   simply   moving   this   to   the   same   location   on   the   replacement   and   connecting   things   back   up   did   the   trick !   i   also   replaced   the   small   included   diode   that   connects   to   the   capacitor ... why   not   it   was   there .   br   br   the   whole   deal   took   2   1   2   hours   start   to   finish   including   remounting   the   unit   above   the   range   and   going   over   to   a   neighbor   thanks   neighbor !   to   get   help   removing   and   remounting   the   microwave .   lots   of   videos   on   the   web   to   help   you   along   the   way .   be   patient   and   keep   track   of   your   screws !
want   to   wait   3   weeks   or   more   for   your   new   microwave   to   be   repaired   choose   this   one !   we   initially   were   happy   with   our   purchase   of   this   microwave ,   although   it   did   not   have   the   features   of   the   older ,   more   expensive   dacor   microwave   it   replaced .   the   size   was   great ,   and   we   liked   the   easy   clean   interior .   br   br   however ,   six   months   after   it   was   purchased   right   before   christmas   ,   it   failed   totally   would   not   power   up   at   all .   i   called   samsung   customer   service ,   they   said   a   tech   would   get   in   touch   shortly .   after   3   days   a   local   repair   company   called   to   say   they   only   came   to   our   area   once   a   week ,   so   it   would   be   several   days   before   they   could   stop   by .   we   re   30   miles   from   salt   lake   city   in   park   city ,   a   major   resort   town   with   a   winter   population   of   100 , 000   people ,   so   it   s   not   like   we   re   in   the   sticks .   br   br   nine   days   after   i   called ,   the   repair   service   showed   up .   he   repaired   one   part ,   then   stated   that   the   magnetron   was   damaged ,   and   that   he   would   need   to   take   the   microwave   to   his   shop   for   more   diagnosis   and   repair .   then   he   would   have   to   order   parts ,   then   he   would   bring   it   back   when   his   route   brought   him   to   our   area   again   so ,   two   more   weeks   at   least   assuming   samsung   has   the   parts   in   stock   .   on   the   way   out   of   the   door   he   banged   the   microwave   into   our   door   frame ,   putting   a   major   dent   in   it .   br   br   i   called   samsung   customer   service   again ,   and   stated   that   i   thought   three   weeks   or   more   was   too   long   to   repair   the   unit .   they   blamed   the   tech   for   not   bringing   all   the   parts   he   might   need   what ,   a   whole   microwave   but   refused   to   offer   to   even   expedite   parts   to   the   repair   shop   to   cut   a   week   off   the   time ,   let   alone   discuss   any   kind   of   replacement .   br   br   with   a   family   of   5 ,   we   use   a   microwave   multiple   times   a   day .   samsung   should   have   better   quality   in   the   first   place .   when   they   have   a   failure ,   they   need   to   have   a   better   repair   and   support   system   in   place ,   and   if   they   can   t   do   better   than   3   weeks   or   more   to   repair   an   appliance   that   gets   used   daily ,   that   s   not   good   enough   for   me .   do   you   need   a   failure   like   this   right   before   you   have   family   coming   for   the   holidays   would   you   be   happy   to   spend   weeks   with   a   giant   empty   space   in   your   kitchen   where   your   microwave   and   oven   hood   was   br   br   we   don   t .   no   more   samsung   appliances   for   us .   and   good   luck   to   samsung   in   taking   on   whirlpool ,   bosch ,   asko ,   panasonic ,   etc .   the   other   appliances   we   have   in   our   house   which   have   worked   great   with   daily   use   for   years .   i   m   off   to   the   store   for   another   brand   of   microwave ,   look   for   this   one   on   ebay   still   under   warranty !   br   br   by   the   way ,   we   tried   to   post   a   version   of   this   review   edited   in   accordance   with   samsung . com   s   review   guidelines   on   samsung . com ,   where   samsung   supposedly   allows   customers   to   rate   their   products   and   this   microwave   currently   has   a   4   star   review   .   we   received   a   notice   today   that   they   would   not   post   our   review   no   rationale ,   only   that   it   did   not   meet   their   standards .   buyer   beware !
caught   popcorn   on   fire   and   died   just   bought   house   with   this   unit   in   the   house .   br   br   it   looks   good .   the   controls   are   awkward ,   the   timer   and   fast   button   controls   are   not   intuitive .   br   br   however ,   it   worked   fine ,   has   light   under   it   and   fan   that   works   ok .   br   br   my   wife   cooks   popcorn   init   and   it   flames   up ,   my   wife   throws   the   now   burning   popcorn   bag   in   the   sink   and   we   clean   it   up .   the   unit   fails   to   start   at   all .   br   br   i   have   never   had   anything   flame   in   a   microwave ,   especially   with   no   metal   or   tin   foil   at   all   involved ,   and   fear   replacing   with   the   same   brand ,   so   looking   at   other .   br   br   i   definately   would   steer   clear   of   these   units   as   they   seem   to   have   multiplel   issues .
great   product   this   is   a   great   product   fixed   my   microwave   like   it   was   brand   new   i   would   highly   recommend   it   to   anyone   who   has   some   paint   chipping   off   the   sides   or   top   of   their   microwave
received   dented   unit   i   know   i   purchased   a   refurbished   unit ,   but   a   noticeable   dent   on   the   face   of   it   is   unacceptable .   i   m   returning   this   unit .
love   it   this   is   a   great   microwave   combination   convection   oven ,   the   knob   dial   is   actually   very   nice   and   initially   was   hesitant   about   getting   it   because   of   that ,   but   now   my   wife   and   i   truly   love   it
super   in   a   small   size   all   the   feturers   of   the   big   microwaves   in   a   compact   size   br   the   handle   makes   it   easy   to   open   without   spilling   food
good   and   bad   the   price   can   t   be   beat ,   and   it   has   only   the   features   i   wanted .   however ,   it   s   noisy ,   and   the   door   is   difficult   to   open .   i   practically   have   to   punch   the   toggle   or   hold   the   unit   with   my   left   hand ,   while   i   push   on   the   switch   with   my   right .   i   m   hoping   this   gets   easier   over   time .
started   ailing   after   6   months ,   died   after   14   months   this   microwave   looks   great   and   i   really   like   the   34   30   second   34   feature .   it   also   has   a   unique   footprint   that   works   well   for   kitchens   with   limited   counterspace .   but   for   150 ,   it   should   have   lasted   longer   than   14   months .   after   6   months ,   it   started   making   a   very   labored   noise   after   being   on   for   more   than   about   a   minute .   at   14   months ,   it   caught   on   fire   while   i   was   trying   to   warm   up   a   cup   of   coffee .   for   my   next   microwave ,   i   will   buy   something   that   looks   less   sexy ,   for   less   money ,   and   hope   that   it   will   be   more   durable .
best   small   microwave !   we   needed   a   small   microwave   when   we   moved   into   a   small   condo   with   very   little   counter   space .   most   of   the   reviews   said   this   was   the   perfect   solution   and   it   is .   it   takes   up   very   little   room ,   plus   it   fits   easily   into   a   corner .   it   has   a   rotating   glass   tray   that   holds   a   standard   size   dinner   plate .   it   s   tall   enough   to   fit   a   16   ounce   mug   with   room   to   spare ,   but   it   is   shorter   than   many   standard   microwaves .   it   has   digital   controls   that   are   very   simple   but   work   just   fine .   we   re   older   and   actually   really   appreciate   that   simplicity .   some   things   take   longer   to   cook   but   not   by   much .   br   if   you   want   all   the   bells   and   whistles   and   to   be   able   to   zap   things   quickly ,   this   is   not   the   microwave   for   you .   on   the   other   hand ,   if   you   need   a   smaller   microwave   that   is   easy   to   use   and   very   sturdy   i   definitely   recommend   this   one .   we   love   it !
terrible   product   and   useless   company   this   is   a   terrible   product   and   brand .   we   have   had   the   microwave   less   than   two   years   and   it   is   now   worthless .   the   turntable   will   not   turn   and   the   unit   will   not   heat   things   up .   called   lg   and   they   refused   to   give   any   help   or   assistants .
stopped   working   after   1   week   after   using   the   microwave   for   1   week ,   it   stopped   working .   i   just   sent   it   back   and   waiting   for   a   replacement .   i   will   give   sharp   1   more   chance .
perfect   fit   we   needed   a   microwave   that   was   not   very   deep   and   a   bit   wider   to   fit   in   our   cabinet .   we   struggled   to   find   the   right   dimensions   for   our   built   in   cabinet   cubby .   this   one   is   a   perfect   fit .   i   was   concerned   it   would   not   be   powerful   enough   since   the   watts   are   lower   than   many   others ,   so   far   it   has   worked   great   for   our   needs .   plus   it   looks   great   in   the   space .
as   others   have   said ...   we   don   t   use   a   microwave   all   that   much   and   didn   t   want   to   invest   counter   space   in   one .   br   br   with   a   teenager   who   is   now   heating   things   up   for   himself ,   it   made   sense   to   get   one   and   this   small   footprint   model   seemed   to   be   a   good   fit .   it   handles   our   largest   dinner   plate   and   seems   to   heat   things   well .   it   is   s   little   taller   than   it   looks   in   the   picture ,   but   it   fits   our   family   s   needs   quite   well .
great   product   we   needed   to   create   a   little   more   space   on   the   kitchen   counter   and   this   unit   was   perfect .   nice   looking   machine   and   tucks   into   a   corner .   would   recommend   to   others .
dead   in   about   a   month   i   bought   this   microwave   in   october   for   a   kitchen   we   are   having   remodeled .   got   it   installed   about   3   weeks   ago   and   was   microwaving   some   bacon   last   night   and   smelled   a   funny   electrical   burning   smell .   it   is   apparently   fried   which   is   what   i   ll   be   doing   with   my   bacon   until   this   pos   is   either   fixed   or   replaced .   the   top   of   the   unit   was   extremely   hot   and   it   is   just   totally   dead   and   unresponsive .   not   even   a   light .   br   br   i   saw   all   of   the   bad   reviews   but   there   aren   t   many   drawer   microwave   options   and   even   brands   like   wolf   and   thermadore   are   still   produced   by   sharp .   very   disappointing .   we   ll   see   how   the   service   from   sharp   goes ...
a   little   big .. easy   to   use .   bigger   than   previous   microwave   larger   form   factor ,   had   to   do   some   work   to   retro   fit   and   replace   previous   microwave .   br   easy   to   use ,   works   well ,   heats   food   evenly .
nice   microwave   w   glass   turntable   chosen   for   it   s   size ,   this   microwave   is   pretty   perfect   for   us .   we   use   it   for   simple   warm   ups   and   reheating .   it   works   great .   br   br   it   is   surprisingly   very   heavy .   arrived   very   well   packaged .   br   br   i   love   how   it   sits   back   in   the   corner   of   the   counter   with   the   curved   back .
works   beeps   drive   me   crazy   i   understand   there   are   instructions   you   can   enter   to   turn   the   beep   off ,   but   then   i   d   probably   forget   food   is   in   there .   when   the   food   is   done   it   immediately   starts   an   obnoxious   beep   and   continues   to   do   so   with   20   second   breaks .   if   the   beeping   started   two   minutes   after   something   was   cooked   i   d   be   okay   with   it   since   most   instructions   say   to   let   food   sit   for   two   minutes   after   cooking .   we   have   to   take   food   out   right   away   to   stop   the   beeping ,   or   open   the   door   and   let   it   sit   with   the   light   on .   just   a   poor   design   in   that   way .   seems   to   cook   normally   and   looks   good .   still   running   okay   after   about   18   months .   i   came   on   here   thinking   if   prices   had   dropped   i   d   buy   a   spare   i   figure   they   all   die   after   5   10   years   and   they   are   a   pain   to   match   in   looks   but   after   reading   the   reviews   will   save   my   money   til   i   really   need   one   and   buy   something   else .
fits   the   space   we   needed   this   size   and   the   danby   works .   the   controls   are   a   little   quirky ,   you   have   to   put   a   34   0   34   in   front   of   the   timer   to   set   minutes   but   not   all   the   time ...   took   some   getting   used   to .   the   only   real   design   flaw   is   that ,   unlike   most   microwaves   where   you   push   a   button   and   the   door   pops   open ,   you   have   to   pull   the   handle   on   this   one .   and   the   machine   is   so   small   and   light   that   you   need   two   hand   to   open   the   door   or   the   whole   thing   moves   around   and   doesn   t   open .   this   can   be   a   pain .   but   if   you   need   this   size ,   the   cooking   is   fine .
damaged   unit   i   would   not   recommend   buying   an   appliance   such   as   a   microwave   through   amazon .   upon   receipt   of   this   item   i   had   no   idea   that   it   had   concealed   damage .   two   days   after   receipt   i   elected   to   install   the   unit .   i   noticed   that   the   bottom   corner   of   the   door   had   a   nice   dent ,   but   was   something   that   i   could   live   with ,   rather   then   deal   with   the   agony   of   a   return .   after   installing   the   unit   the   door   would   not   stay   closed .   after   looking   the   door   over ,   i   noticed   that   the   clips   where   broken   that   hold   it   closed .   totally   frustrated   at   this   point .   i   have   received   a   return   mailing   label   and   mra   number ,   but   this   will   cost   me   50   to   ship   back .   the   unit   was   not   shipped   in   no   box ,   just   corner   molding ,   foam   end   caps ,   and   shrink   wrap   34   no   original   packaging   34   .   when   it   was   all   said   and   done ,   i   bought   the   identical   microwave   under   the   kenmore   label   from   sears   for   100   less .   multiple   emails   to   amazon   on   the   return   freight   with   no   response .   this   was   a   headache   that   i   really   didn   t   need .   i   have   purchased   numerous   items   from   amazon   in   the   past   with   no   problems .   this   is   a   product   category   that   would   be   best   served   by   a   professional   retailer .
whirlpool   microwave   this   microwave   will   fulfill   my   needs   at   this   time .   i   am   well   pleased   with   the   wattage   of   this   microwave ,   this   microwave   replaced   one   with   much   less   wattage .
happy   verry   good   appliance   don   t   have   any   of   the   issues   i   saw   posted   before   i   bought   it   only   one   thing   should   warn   buyers   it   is   a   green   appliance   so   no   in   microwave   light   sorry   but   other   than   that   works   like   a   charm .
hello ,   counter   space ! ! !   okay ,   it   s   not   the   most   powerful   thing   ever ,   and   there   are   a   few   things   i   would   change   about   the   design ,   but   this   little   thing   handles   all   my   microwave   needs   and   has   freed   up   a   significant   amount   of   precious   counter   space   in   my   very   cramped   kitchen .
looks   good   but   always   broken   if   you   are   by   nature   an   angry   person   this   is   the   microwave   for   you ,   as   trying   to   use   it   will   do   nothing   but   make   you   angry .   if   you   pound   on   it   just   the   right   way ,   it   will   work   for   week   or   two ,   then   quit .   it   worked   for   about   a   year ,   then   started   shorting   out .   i   had   it   repaired ,   but   the   repair   only   lasted   about   two   months .   it   s   only   few   years   old   and   hasn   t   been   used   much   but   it   s   already   worn   out   the   door   latch   is   loose   and   won   t   close .   the   warranty   is   only   a   year ,   which   is   no   doubt   how   bosche   stays   in   business .   stay   away .
sharp   microwave   drawer   oven   stainless   steel   this   is   an   excellent   microwave   and   very   big .   i   am   so   very   pleased   with   this   product .   i   think   it   is   the   favorite   of   my   grand   kids   in   the   kitchen !
sharp   r   1405   microwave   we   picked   this   microwave   primarily   for   its   dimensions   we   needed   one   with   a   short   height   .   we   are   very   pleased   with   this   model   since   it   is   easy   to   use ,   works   well   and   is   very   quiet .   it   s   not   loaded   with   features   but   has   been   a   pleasure   use   over   the   last   few   months   that   we   ve   owned   it .
absolute   junk   now   this   worked   fine   until   it   did   which   is   less   than   24   months .   within   the   duration ,   the   spring   lock   for   the   door   broke   and   now   i   get   the   se   error .   which   means   the   unit   is   toast   and   i   now   need   to   look   for   a   new   one .   am   not   going   to   buy   another   samsung   appliance .
nice   microwave   the   microwave   has   work   very   nice ,   a   bit   pricy   thou   but   in   the   long   run   it   will   have   been   a   good   inventment   as   my   wife   loves   to   coooook .
love   it   i   had   to   order   3   of   these   because   the   first   two   arrived   damaged .   after   the   third   one   was   installed   it   looks   great   and   works   great .   i   got   it   just   before   thanksgiving   so   i   used   it   as   an   oven   so   i   then   had   two   ovens   which   came   in   very   handy .
perfect   size   after   reading   either   terrible   or   34   hit   and   miss   34   reviews   of   other   small   footprint   microwaves   with   34   handle   doors   34   rather   than   34   push   button   34   i   came   across   this   from   whirlpool .. it   had   great   reviews   so   i   tried   it   for   our   new   granite   countertop   didn   t   want   to   use   up   much   space   ...   it   is   perfect ! !
microzilla   ii   this   replaces   an   old   sharp   carousel   we   use   as   a   second   microwave   and   lasted   14   years .   my   daughter   called   it   microzilla   because   you   had   to   shorten   cooking   times   somewhat   because   it   had   so   much   power .   this   one   carries   on   the   tradition .
purchased   for   dimensions   the   unit   was   purchased   to   replace   an   old   whirlpool   unit   that   had   performed   flawlessly   for   20   years .   although   none   of   the   holes   lined   up   the   sharp   unit   fit   perfectly   into   the   space   above   our   cooktop .   so   far   the   unit   has   performed   as   advertised .
good   enough   it   works .   it   does   seem   a   bit   cheaply   made ,   but   you   aren   t   paying   top   dollar   so   you   should   expect   that .   the   door   isn   t   real   solid   feeling ,   so   far   no   problems   though .   we   mounted   this   over   stove   and   the   fan   had   low   and   high   and   now   only   has   high .   not   sure   what   happened   but   it   still   works .   be   aware   that   if   this   microwave   gets   too   hot   sitting   over   a   self   clean   oven   or   cooking   at   high   temps   the   fan   will   kick   on   and   won   t   shut   off .   fine ,   but   we   didn   t   know   that   at   first   and   thought   it   was   broken .   it   s   just   trying   to   cool   itself   off !   love   the   30   second   feature .   so   many   things   just   need   short   time   to   warm   up   or   soften   and   so   just   pop   it   in ,   press   the   30   sec   and   it   goes .   easy ,   fast .   use   that   all   the   time .
still   functioning   looking   great   i   bought   this   microwave   about   two   years   ago ,   and   it   still   looks   and   functions   great !   have   not   had   a   single   issue .  
a   bit   clunky   sounding   when   shutting ,   yet   works   well   and   seems   to   be   a   good   value   for   the   price .   i   guess   i   just   miss   the   more   sleek ,   less   noisy   one   that   broke   after   9   years  
small   and   cute ,   does   the   job   this   microwave   is   very   cute   there   s   no   other   word   to   describe   it !   ,   and   as   promised   is   good   for   small   spaces .   it   does   seem   to   require   more   cook   time   than   most   microwaves   i   am   used   to ,   and   sometimes   it   is   a   pain   to   have   to   keep   holding   the   sign   to   increase   time ,   as   opposed   to   just   typing   in   the   number .   so   far   i   have   had   no   issues ,   and   the   unit   is   not   very   noisy   at   all   which   is   nice .
the   hotel   tv   of   microwaves   just   moved   into   apartment   where   this   had   been   installed   new .   cooks   ok   so   far   although   not   encouraged   by   the   rest   of   the   reviews   here   but   otherwise   designed   to   frustrate   minor   features   you   ve   taken   for   granted   after   several   decades   of   microwaving   are   nowhere   to   be   found .   br   br   as   others   have   mentioned ,   the   three   obnoxiously   long   beeps   after   cooking   are   bad   enough   that   they   don   t   stop   once   you   ve   opened   the   door   is   bonkers .   and   once   you   ve   opened   the   door ,   you   re   committed   hit   clear   all   you   want ,   you   re   getting   the   beeps .   however ,   if   you   hit   clear   before   you   open   the   door ,   you   can   snip   the   beeps ,   which   is   good   but   why   is   the   sequence   an   issue   at   all   br   br   can   t   set   the   timer   and   cook   concurrently .   sorry   multitaskers .   br   br   clock   gains   between   2   3   minutes   each   day   last   synced   with   the   stove   same   brand ,   brand   new   a   month   ago ,   and   they   re   now   2   1   2   hours   apart .   br   br   no   way   to   open   or   close   the   door   quietly ,   can   only   jerk   it   open   and   pop   it   shut .
missing   parts ,   cannot   install   until   samsung   rectifies   one   of   the   pieces   that   ensures   the   screws   from   the   top   of   the   cabinet   holds   the   microwave   in   place   was   missing ,   so   we   cannot   install   it   until   samsung   rectifies   the   matter .   seems   crazy   to   send   it   back   though   since   it   s   just   missing   a   50   cent   bolt   that   can   t   be   replaced   at   the   hardware   store .....
microwave   paint   this   is   stuff .   it   really   worked   very   well .   it   save   me   a   great   deal   of   money   having   to   replace   a   microwave   that   still   works   very   well .   i   highly   recommend   this   product .
need   to   upgrade   the   shipping   method   i   received   and   installed   the   microwave .   so   far ,   i   am   pleased   with   it .   br   br   it   was   damaged   in   shipping   a   dent   on   the   top   back   edge .   this   does   not   affect   the   installation   or   operation .   i   noted   that   a   number   of   other   reviewers   had   damage   in   shipping .   this   needs   to   be   fixed .   better   packaging   and   selection   of   carrier   might   help .   br   br   the   hardware   toggle   bolts   were   cheap   and   just   fell   apart   when   i   used   them .   i   had   to   use   other   hardware   to   install   the   unit .   br   br   the   template   is   a   bit   off .   i   had   to   redrill   the   holes   for   the   top   cabinet   to   get   it   to   fit .   i   measured   the   holes   on   the   unit   and   found   the   template   was   off   about   3   4   of   an   inch .
perfect   microwave !   as   all   the   other   reviews   have   said ,   the   footprint   of   this   microwave   is   fantastic .   i   can   t   believe   other   companies   have   not   copied   the   shape   of   this   microwave .   i   now   have   so   much   more   room   on   my   counter .   br   the   only   quirk   that   takes   a   little   getting   used   to   is   not   having   number   keys   to   punch   in   the   time .   the   start   button   adds   thirty   seconds   every   time   it   s   hit   or   you   can   add   the   key   to   get   a   more   accurate   time .   i   always   use   my   microwave   for   quick   reheating   so   it   s   not   a   big   deal   to   me .   worth   getting   used   to   for   the   extra   space   gained .   plus ,   it   microwaves   as   quickly   as   its   replacement   even   though   the   wattage   is   less .
excellent   product   i   researched   many   microwaves   for   our   needs ,   and   this   is   the   perfect   unit .   it   is   my   second   one ,   as   the   first   i   had   special   ordered   to   be   delivered   to   a   big   box   store ,   it   arrived   damaged .   this   one   arrived   fine ,   well   packaged   for   the   trip .   it   cooks   evenly   in   the   convection   mode   and   as   a   microwave   it   is   fabulous .   it   arrived   when   promised .   i   would   definitely   buy   from   this   seller   again .
don   t   buy   had   this   microwave   for   3   years   with   very   little   usage   within   that   period   of   time .   the   infamous   f7   error   code   showed   up   and   service   rep   replaced   the   inverter   and   still   had   a   problem   after   inverter   replacement .   after   a   400   repair   bill ,   the   inverter   was   only   partial   problem .   the   magnetron   has   to   be   replaced   for   another   200 .   whirlpool   use   to   be   a   great   appliance   to   purchase   but   now   i   would   not   suggest   buying   another   whirlpool   appliance .
new   spacemaker   good   had   one   about   20   yrs .   that   was   losing   power .   new   one   has   added   features   that   are   helpful   esp .   sensor   cooking .   br   price   is   up   there   esp .   for   stainless   steel .
best   microwave   yeayy   i   love   this   microwave   it   takes   such   a   small   space   in   my   tiny   kitchen   but   it   is   huge   inside   ! !   it   has   popcorn   button   as   well   ! !
two   of   these   blew   up   i   mean   sparks   then   death .   this   is   the   second   one   of   these   that   has   blown   up   on   me   in   8   months .   i   don   t   recommend   it   at   all .
poorly   manufactered   microwave   this   is   an   absolute   crappy   microwave .   i   m   thankful   i   didn   t   spend   a   dime   on   it   since   it   was   a   christmas   present .   the   entire   appliance   is   shoddy .   after   using   it   for   about   a   year ,   the   door   handle   began   to   show   cracks   and   eventually   just   cracked   completely   which   compromised   the   glass   panel   on   the   front   door .   eventually   the   entire   circuit   board   shorted   out   when   i   was   simply   changing   the   light   bulb .   my   husband   and   i   did   not   misuse   this   appliance   and   we   certainly   weren   t   34   hard   34   on   it .   it   s   simply   a   poorly   made   appliance .
whirlpool   is   the   worse .   piece   of   junk .   got   two   years   of   use   and   it   died .   customer   service   says   too   bad .   whirlpool   dishwasher   died   a   few   months   ago .   whirlpool   is   dead   to   me .
great   microwave   during   the   kitchen   remodel   we   decided   to   install   a   commercial   type   exhaust   fan   and   eliminated   the   typical   microwave   location   about   the   stove .   this   thing   is   cool ,   push   a   button   and   the   drawer   opens ,   drop   in   your   food ,   push   another   button   and   the   drawer   closes .
will   fail .   i   did   not   buy   this   microwave   on   amazon ,   but   felt   compelled   to   add   to   the   feedback   as   i   buy   many   other   products   here   using   the   customer   reviews .   i   bought   this   microwave   2   years   and   2   weeks   ago .   it   completely   failed   last   night .   it   was   running   as   normal ,   got   very   loud ,   then   completely   died .   i   ve   reset   breakers   and   checked   that   power   is   still   being   supplied .   everything   checks   out .   samsung   wants   288   for   the   service   contract   to   fix   it ,   but   as   of   this   posting ,   that   s   how   much   a   new   microwave   costs .   do   yourself   a   favor   and   avoid   this   microwave .
great   purchase ,   done   well !   purchase   was   a   good   one .   love   the   design   of   the   microwave ,   and   so   far   it   meets   all   my   needs .   being   short ,   the   drawer   is   much   more   comfortable   for   me .   the   process   of   ordering   and   receiving   from   amazon   was   simple ,   efficient   and   has   been   one   of   the   best   purchases   i   ve   made   in   the   whole   kitchen   reno   project .   thanks   amazon .
we   love   this   microwave !   we   bought   this   microwave   as   part   of   a   kitchen   remodel   2   years   ago .   we   have   loved   it   from   day   one .   being   able   to   open   and   stir   things   or   just   lift   things   out   is   so   convenient .   the   kids   love   it   and   always   enjoy   using   it .   it   has   a   lot   of   settings   and   features   which   we   use   regularly .   the   fact   that   there   s   a   turn   table   does   not   bother   me .   i   have   not   noticed   any   uneven   heating .   we   have   enjoyed   it   so   much   that   we   just   bought   another   one   to   put   in   the   kitchen   of   the   new   house   we   just   bought .   i   have   never   regretted   this   purchase ,   and   neither   will   you !
did   what   it   was   supposed   to   do   did   the   job .   great   coverage .   made   the   inside   of   the   microwave   look   almost   brand   new .   very   satisfied .   would   purchase   again
holding   up   so   far   so   far ,   so   good .   i   have   no   complaints ,   but   it   s   only   been   in   use   for   about   6   months .   if   i   start   noticing   the   same   wear   and   tear   i . e .   peeling   paint   on   the   interior   ,   i   ll   post   an   update .   we   use   this   appliance   several   times   a   day ,   everyday .
wouldn   t   recommend .   worked   fine   for   13   months   then   it   stop   heating   food   and   it   does   not   show   any   error   messages .   searched   on   online   for   a   solution   to   the   problem   and   found   that   running   the   fan   on   high   works   for   some   people .   i   gave   it   a   try   and   yes   it   does   work .   the   only   way   to   heat   our   food   is   by   turning   the   fan   on   high   before   setting   the   time   and   pushing   the   start   button .   our   microwave   is   installed   under   a   cabinet   but   not   above   any   stove   or   range ,   so   steam   or   moisture   is   not   the   problem .   i   called   samsung   and   their   only   solution   was   for   me   to   buy   their   extended   warranty   for   250.00   for   one   year .   i   told   them   no   thanks ,   if   i   m   going   to   spend   more   money   on   a   microwave   it   won   t   be   on   a   sumsung .
goodbye   whirlpool   the   beep   is   too   loud ,   and   the   door   rattles .   fixed   the   door   rattle   by   lifting   up   the   back   with   a   folded   3   by   5   card .   good   microwave   oven   for   the   near   deaf .   and   the   digital   display   is   too   bright   in   my   studio   apartment   i   wanted   a   microwave   oven ,   not   a   nightlight .
bad ,   bad ,   bad !   after   the   smoke   has   cleared   from   the   house ,   discovered   microwave   burnt   out .   thank   god   for   home   warranty !   don   t   buy !   yuck !   can   t   believe   the   reviews   all   universally   the   same ,   except   mine   lasted   just   under   a   year !   it   s   a   crying   shame   a   product   fails   so   soon !
arrived   damaged   like   2   of   the   9   reviewers   here   at   the   time   of   this   writing ,   the   microwave   arrived   damaged .   heavily   dented   and   deformed   on   the   back   and   side ,   and   this   one   is   uninstallable   as   a   result .   3   out   of   10   damaged   isn   t   very   impressive !   obviously   i   can   t   comment   on   the   function .   if   you   order ,   make   sure   to   inspect   the   unit   before   wasting   time   reading   all   the   installation   instructions   and   getting   the   template   in   place ,   etc ....
door   does   not   always   close   properly   microwave   works   great   and   it   is   more   powerful   than   we   expected .   keep   in   mind   that   we   do   not   cook   in   it ...   we   only   use   it   to   heat   up   drinks   and   some   leftovers .   we   like   how   easy   it   is   to   set   time   with   just   the   30   second   button   or   the   button   that   adds   5   seconds   at   a   time .   the   only   complain   we   have   is   that   the   door   sometimes   does   not   shut .   we   need   to   push   it   up   a   little   to   get   it   to   close .   other   than   that ,   it   was   a   great   purchase   for   us
wouldn   t   recommend   it   s   a   nice   looking   microwave   and   it   does   a   great   job   when   it   works   .   ours   failed   2   weeks   after   the   warranty   expired .   repair   cost   was   more   than   buying   a   new   one   so   we   ended   up   getting   a   new   one .
does   not   work   correctly .   the   clock   runs   fast ,   gaining   about   5   minutes   ever   day .   it   also   heats   very   unevenly .   we   ve   owned   it   for   a   month .   i   m   looking   forward   to   the   total   breakdown   described   on   the   rest   of   these   reviews   so   that   i   can   get   a   new   one .
great   price ,   well   packaged .   this   kenmore   microwave   eats   microwave   tubes   like   1   every   year .   since   tubes   are   now   made   in   far   east ,   instead   of   by   raytheon ,   quality   as   dropped ,   i   now   expect   to   replace   tube   yearly   and   budget   for   it .   it   was   nice   to   find   a   tube   with   diode   which   has   never   failed   for   such   a   great   price .
great   purchase   this   saved   us   from   needing   to   buy   a   new   microwave   oven   combo .   easy   to   use .   we   used   it   to   fix   our   microwave   about   2   months   ago   and   it   s   held   up .
great   microwave   paint .   very   high   quality   product .   this   paint   spayed   right   on   with   minimal   dust   and   adhered   right   to   the   microwave   for   a   smooth   finish .
2   defects   in   less   than   a   month .   too   hot   to   touch   when   cooking   on   stovetop   display   didn   t   light   up   so   unit   wasn   t   usable   when   it   first   arrived .   ge   service   was   pleasant   and   resolved   after   2nd   visit .   a   few   days   later ,   the   light   under   the   microwave   stopped   working .   2   issues   in   less   than   a   month   doesn   t   bode   well ..   also   you   can   only   heat   in   15   sec   increments   when   using   the   time   dial .   but   the   good   news ... options   for   preconfigured   settings   for   various   items   and   their   cooking   times   potato ,   veg ,   etc ...   are   fairly   substantial   and   works   efficiently .   however ....   i   wouldn   t   recommend   installing   the   microwave   above   your   stove .   since   the   microwave   is   faced   in   stainless   steel ,   the   door   handle   and   face   of   microwave   gets   extremely   hot   to   the   touch   while   cooking   on   the   stovetop .   speaking   of   the   stove ,   i   had   much   better   luck   with   ges   caf   dual   range   gas   stove .   bought   at   the   same   time .   no   issues .   works   great .   highly   recommend   stove   without   any   hesitation .   absolutely   love   it ! ! ! ! !   wish   i   felt   the   same   about   the   microwave .
great   microwave   for   limited   space   i   needed   a   small ,   compact   microwave .   this   is   perfect   if   you   have   limited   counter   space .   the   depth   is   good .   it   will   hold   a   dinner   plate   but   the   interior   height   is   shorter   than   a   regular   size   microwave .   this   is   because   the   controls   are   on   the   lower   panel   instead   of   on   the   side .   the   control   buttons   are   simple   but   intuitive .
very   nice   parts .   i   ordered   and   it   was   very   fast   shipping   about   couple   days .   br   my   turntable   engine   was   broken   after   10   years   used   my   microwave .   br   i   m   very   easy   removed   old   engine   and   put   new   one .   br   quality   product   and   parts   was   new .   br   highly   recommended   this   seller .
do   not   buy   this !   do   not   buy !   br   we   just   got   the   se   error   after   2.5   years   they   know   about   the   problem   and   haven   t   fixed   it .   i   looked   it   up   on   the   internet   after   this   happened   and   tons   of   people   have   this   problem .   i   m   not   going   to   pull   the   whole   thing   apart   to   fix   it   and   then   have   it   happen   again .   if   they   know   the   moisture   causes   the   key   pad   to   fail   then   why   do   they   have   it   above   a   range   where   you   boil   water !
did   not   work   at   all   twice .   i   was   looking   for   the   microwave   with   certain   size   with   a   basic   function .   i   was   so   happy   to   find   this   product   at   amazon .   br   the   first   one   arrived   last   week ,   but   i   had   to   return   it   next   day .   it   made   clicking   noise   when   i   closed   the   door .   it   also   make   some   noises   when   i   push   34   start   34   button .   br   the   second   one ,   i   received   today   and   connect ,   set   up   clock ,   and   start   with   a   cup   of   water   to   make   sure   it   works .   i   felt   bad   returning   the   same   product   twice .   br   this   time ,   i   called   whirlpool   customer   service .   the   personnel   told   me   the   information   she   has   is   the   same   34   product   guide   34   which   comes   with   the   product   .
great   little   unit   love   this   little   microwave !   it   is   the   perfect   size   holds   just   a   dinner   plate   and   love   that   it   does   not   take   up   a   tremendous   amount   of   room .   we   don   t   use   it   for   much   other   than   occasionally   heating   something   up   1   2x   month   or   steaming   vegetables ,   so   i   can   t   speak   to   how   it   does   for   heavy   use .
none   functioning   microwave   microwave   didn   t   work   when   i   received   it .   it   was   really   disappointing .   it   was   a   great   looking   microwave   but   very   sad   to   have   to   return   it .
thoughtfully   designed   i   bought   this   because   the   counter   footprint   and   wattage   were   both   low .   i   didn   t   expect   very   intuitive   controls ,   a   super   easy   to   clean   interior ,   weirdly   efficient   heating   stuff   gets   hot   fast   and   thoughtful   design   touches   like   an   interior   light   that   switches   off   with   disuse ,   and   a   polite ,   non   obnoxious   34   your   stuff   is   done   34   beep   that   only   goes   off   a   few   times   before   quieting   down .   it   s   a   great   little   microwave .   bit   tall ,   but   that   should   be   obvious   from   the   pictures .   update   died   in   2017   after   years   of   faithful   service ,   and   i   m   going   to   replace   it   with   the   same   model .   it   has   a   totally   unmatched   capacity   to   footprint   ratio ,   and   i   m   really   annoyed   that   no   one   else   is   making   microwaves   that   stack   the   mechanical   bits   under   or   over   the   food   cavity .   this   is   obviously   the   better   way   to   build   a   microwave .
amortizes   to   30   month   for   a   dangerous   piece   of   junk   that   ge   will   not   stand   behind   while   searching   for   others   with   the   same   problem   we   re   having   i   found   these   reviews   our   advantium   died   in   about   2   1   2   years .   we   work   from   home   and ,   one   day ,   smelled   smoke   that   we   traced   to   our   advantium   which   was   turned   off   and   that   had   been   turned   off   for   some   time .   it   was   hot   to   the   touch .   we   unplugged   the   advantium   and   the   the   smoke   smell   went   away   it   had   spontaneously   turned   on   and   was   melting   itself   down .   plugging   it   back   in   turns   it   on   without   pressing   any   buttons .   ge   says   this   is   not   a   fire   hazard   because   there   are   supposed   to   be   safety   s   to   prevent   it   from   burning   down   the   house .   i   m   not   so   sure   their   credibility   is   shot   but   even   if   there   are   those   safety   s   are   built   with   the   same   low   quality   as   the   advantium   so   cannot   be   reasonably   relied   upon .   ge   says   the   problem   is   with   the   keypad   but   that   there   aren   t   any   more   keypads   to   buy ,   probably   because   they   all   fail .   the   advantium   is   a   piece   of   junk .   save   yourself   money   and   protect   your   family   from   this   potential   fire   hazard   avoid   ge   appliances .   update   after   several   calls   and   an   eternity   on   hold   ge   acknowledged   the   problem   and   send   a   tech   with   a   new   advantium   that   seems   to   be   working   well .   i   wouldn   t   buy   another   there   are   clearly   qa   issues   with   the   advantium   but   after   lots   of   time   on   the   phone   ge   did   make   this   right .   i   d   still   prefer   a   different   manufacturer   though   and   wish   i   d   bought   a   different   cooker .   if   you   re   in   the   market   for   a   microwave   cooker   buy   a   different   one .  
does   the   job   description   br   62   can   be   mounted   in   a   24   34   wide   x   12   34   deep   space .   not   intended   to   be   installed   above   a   range   standard   ranges   are   30   34   wide   ,   does   not   include   a   built   in   hood   for   use   above   a   range .   br   62   has   the   great   simple   operation   of   previous   spacemakers   for   example   to   heat   a   cup   of   coffee   1   minute ,   place   it   in   the   microwave   and   press   34   1   34   .   that   s   all .   br   62   well   built ,   albeit   with   more   plastic   and   less   metal   than   my   old   spacemaker   ii .   br   62   quieter   than   my   old   spacemaker   ii   although   that   s   no   big   deal .   br   62   the   turntable   is   a   nice   addition   my   old   spacemaker   ii   did   not   have   a   turntable   ,   but   reduces   the   total   space   available   unless   you   turn   the   turntable   off   .   br   62   has   all   of   the   controls   and   options   of   my   old   spacemaker   ii   br   ... plus   popcorn ,   34   beverage   34   ,   34   reheat   34   ,   34   chicken   fish   34   ,   34   potato   34   ,   and   34   vegetable   34   buttons   which   i   probably   won   t   use   because   i   like   to   know   what   the   microwave   is   doing   .   br   ... other   new   buttons   are   34   delay   start   34   ,   34   reminder   34   ,   34   turntable   on   off   34   ,   and   34   add   30   sec   34   .   the   34   add   30   sec   34   works   on   its   own ,   you   can   press   it   and   get   just   30   seconds   or   add   30   seconds   to   any   time .   30   seconds   is   ideal   for   warming   a   cup   of   coffee ,   or   heating   some   pastries .   br   ... there   is   a   child   lockout ,   but   without   a   dedicated   button .   br   br   undercounter   installation   br   62   the   microwave   itself   comes   with   a   paper   template   for   drilling   the   necessary   holes ,   but   the   template   can   be   confusing   and   may   not   apply   in   all   cases .   br   62   the   microwave   hangs   from   four   1   1   4   34   long   machine   screws ,   which   are   inserted   from   above ,   from   inside   the   cabinet   above .   if   the   floor   of   the   cabinet   is   greater   than   1   2   34   thick ,   then   the   length   of   the   screws   needs   to   be   equal   to   the   thickness   of   the   floor   plus   1   2   34   .   br   62   hypothetically ,   you   could   install   the   microwave   with   the   four   screws   from   your   local   hardware   store ,   and   4   big   washers   e . g . ,   2   34   in   diameter   .   however   the   installation   kit   is   probably   easier .   br   62   if   you   use   the   template ,   double   check   the   logic ,   and   adjust   the   location   of   the   screw   holes   accordingly .   br   ...   the   key   measurement   is   the   distance   from   the   front   holes   to   the   front   of   the   cabinet .   you   usually   want   the   front   of   the   microwave   to   be   flush   with   the   front   of   the   closed   doors   of   the   cabinet .   that   is ,   the   front   holes   should   be   approximately   3   1   4   34   back   from   the   front   of   the   closed   doors   .   br   ...   the   door   of   the   microwave   needs   an   extra   1   8   34   on   the   left   in   order   to   open   fully ,   and   the   grill   for   the   ventilation   fan   is   on   the   left   side   of   the   microwave .   if   there   is   an   obstruction   on   the   left   side   such   as   wall ,   cabinet ,   or   refrigerator   ,   you   may   wish   to   shift   the   holes   1   4   34   to   the   right ,   if   you   can .   br   br   undercounter   installation   kit   br   62   if   this   is   an   new   undercounter   installation ,   or   the   space   between   the   front   and   back   screw   holes   inside   the   cabinet   above   the   microwave   is   not   6   1   4   34   ,   then   you   need   ge   part   wx4   a019   asin   b001h815to   ge   part   number   wx4   a019   under   cab   mt   .   if   you   are   replacing   a   spacemaker   with   a   distance   of   6   1   4   34   between   the   front   and   back   holes ,   then   you   probably   do   not   need   an   installation   kit .   br   br   if   you   are   replacing   an   old   spacemaker   ii   for   which   the   spacing   between   the   front   and   rear   screw   holes   is   7   3   4   34   ...   br   62   i   purchased   this   profile   spacemaker   to   replace   a   23   year   old   spacemaker   ii .   but   neither   the   holes ,   backing   plate ,   nor   the   screws   were   the   same .   br   62   the   spacing   from   the   cabinet   front   to   the   forward   screw   holes   is   almost   the   same   for   my   old   spacemaker   ii   and   this   new   profile   spacemaker .   br   62   the   lateral   spacing   side   to   side   between   the   screw   holes   is   the   same   19   15   32   34   for   my   old   spacemaker   ii   and   this   new   profile   spacemaker .   br   62   but   the   spacing   between   the   front   and   rear   holes   is   not   the   same   the   new   spacing   is   6   1   4   34   .   br   62   so ,   if   the   holes   in   your   cabinet   are   for   the   old   spacemaker   ii ,   then   you   need   only   drill   new   rear   holes   in   your   cabinet   for   this   profile   spacemaker .   draw   a   line   on   the   cabinet   between   the   centers   of   the   existing   front   and   back   holes ,   measure   6   1   4   34   back   from   the   center   of   the   front   hole ,   and   drill   the   new   hole   there .   br   62   the   screws   seem   to   be   very   similar ,   but   a   slightly   different   diameter   or   pitch   perhaps   they   are   metric   .   hypothetically ,   you   could   drill   new   holes   in   the   old   backing   plate   or   use   washers   instead   of   the   backing   plate   ,   and   find   screws   the   right   size   and   length ,   but   i   decided   to   purchase   the   new   kit   instead .   br   br   before   you   replace   a   dead   microwave   oven   ...   br   62   my   old   spacemaker   ii   died   three   times   over   23   years   as   the   result   of   power   surges   lightning   .   i   accidentally   learned   that   the   trick   is   to   unplug   the   microwave   overnight   for   the   electronics   to   reset .   i   ve   had   the   same   experience   with   several   other   appliances .   br   62   even   refrigerators   and   clothes   driers   have   built   in   computers   these   days .   if   any   electric   appliance   is   not   working   properly ,   unplug   it ,   and   leave   it   unplugged   a   while .   for   some   reason   perhaps   large   capacitors   in   the   circuit   big   appliances   usually   need   hours   to   reset .   br   br   reliability   br   if   my   experience   with   my   old   spacemaker   ii   is   any   indication ,   this   profile   spacemaker   should   be   very   reliable .   although   resurrected   3   times   over   23   years ,   my   old   spacemaker   was   still   working   when   i   34   took   it   out   of   service   34   .   after   23   years   of   daily   use ,   some   of   the   white   finish   was   turning   yellow ,   there   were   patches   of   rust   inside ,   and   the   door   switch   which   turns   the   light   on   and   off   was   erratic .   br   br   if   your   old   spacemaker   had   a   tray   instead   of   a   turntable ,   keep   the   tray   from   your   old   microwave .   br   62   the   tray   will   fit   in   your   new   profile   spacemaker .   the   tray   will   catch   spills   and   protect   the   bottom   of   the   microwave   from   abrasion   and   burnt   on   spills   which   may   promote   rust   in   the   future   .   br   62   i   use   the   glass   tray   when   i   m   using   a   large   rectangular   casserole ,   or   many   small   containers .   i   often   warm   two   12   34   diameter   full   plates   of   food   i   use   a   small   glass   storage   container   as   a   spacer   so   that   the   plates   can   overlap .   br   62   if   you   use   the   tray ,   lift   out   the   glass   turntable   and   rollers   and   turn   off   the   turntable   drive ,   then   place   the   glass   tray   in   the   bottom .   br   br   general   hints   on   microwave   cooking   br   it   is   largely   steam   created   by   the   microwaves   which   does   the   cooking ,   so   the   key   to   cooking   many   items   especially   vegies   is   to   generate   and   hold   that   steam .   br   62   if   you   are   warming   bread ,   wrap   it   in   a   towel .   it   is   astounding   how   effective   a   single   layer   of   paper   towel   can   be .   if   the   bread   is   rock   hard ,   slightly   dampen   the   towel ,   and   use   half   power   the   warm   bread   will   be   soft   and   fresh .   heat   only   briefly   and   or   at   reduced   power .   br   62   you   can   even   bake   potatoes   or   roast   ears   of   corn   on   the   cob   in   a   microwave ,   if   you   wrap   them   in   a   damp   cloth   towel .   br   62   rinse   vegetables   before   you   cook   them   that   washes   off   any   pesticides   etc . ,   and   the   extra   water   will   produce   extra   steam .   if   the   vegies   are   dehydrated   after   long   storage ,   you   may   want   to   soak   them   a   few   hours   ahead   to   time   to   re   hydrate   them .   br   62   it   is   usually   best   not   to   boil   vegies   in   a   container   of   water   in   a   microwave ,   because   the   excess   formation   of   steam   lowers   the   cooking   temperature .   your   goal   should   be   to   create   a   little   steam ,   contain   it ,   and   superheat   it .   this   is   the   same   principle   as   a   pressure   cooker   .   br   62   stir   some   oil   e . g . ,   olive   oil   with   cut   vegetables   a   coating   of   oil   will   help   hold   the   steam   inside   the   individual   pieces   of   vegetable .   br   62   a   selection   of   glass   casseroles   of   a   range   of   sizes   with   glass   lids   can   be   essential   for   microwave   cooking .   the   goal   is   that   the   vegies   fill   the   container   and   the   container   is   covered   with   a   lid   so   that   the   steam   is   concentrated .   asin   b001hzy9cm   anchor   hocking   3   piececasserole   glass   bakeware   set   with   bonus   2   piece   kitchen   tool   set   br   62   if   you   don   t   have   a   glass   casserole   the   right   size ,   you   can   often   use   a   glass   or   ceramic   bowl ,   and   use   a   saucer   or   small   plate   as   a   lid .   br   62   heating   plastic   may   cause   it   to   de   gas   toxic   compounds   if   you   plan   to   heat   left   overs   in   your   microwave ,   it   is   best   to   use   glass   storage   containers   asin   b0000cftb0   pyrex   6022369   storage   14   piece   round   set ,   clear   with   blue   lids   .   but   don   t   use   the   plastic   lids   in   the   microwave .   br   br   62   click   on   stoney   just   below   the   product   title   to   see   my   other   reviews ,   or   leave   a   comment   to   ask   a   question . e   container   as   a   spacer   so   that   the   plates   can   overlap .   62   if   you   use   the   tray ,   lift   out   the   glass   turntable   and   rollers   and   turn   off   the   turntable   drive ,   then   place   the   glass   tray   in   the   bottom .   general   hints   on   microwave   cooking   it   is   largely   steam   created   by   the   microwaves   which   does   the   cooking ,   so   the   key   to   cooking   many   items   especially   vegies   is   to   generate   and   hold   that   steam .   62   if   you   are   warming   bread ,   wrap   it   in   a   towel .   it   is   astounding   how   effective   a   single   layer   of   paper   towel   can   be .   if   the   bread   is   rock   hard ,   slightly   dampen   the   towel ,   and   use   half   power   the   warm   bread   will   be   soft   and   fresh .   heat   only   briefly   and   or   at   reduced   power .   62   you   can   even   bake   potatoes   or   roast   ears   of   corn   on   the   cob   in   a   microwave ,   if   you   wrap   them   in   a   damp   cloth   towel .   62   rinse   vegetables   before   you   cook   them   that   washes   off   any   pesticides   etc . ,   and   the   extra   water   will   produce   extra   steam .   if   the   vegies   are   dehydrated   after   long   storage ,   you   may   want   to   soak   them   a   few   hours   ahead   to   time   to   re   hydrate   them .   62   it   is   usually   best   not   to   boil   vegies   in   a   container   of   water   in   a   microwave ,   because   the   excess   formation   of   steam   lowers   the   cooking   temperature .   your   goal   should   be   to   create   a   little   steam ,   contain   it ,   and   superheat   it .   this   is   the   same   principle   as   a   pressure   cooker   .   62   stir   some   oil   e . g . ,   olive   oil   with   cut   vegetables   a   coating   of   oil   will   help   hold   the   steam   inside   the   individual   pieces   of   vegetable .   62   a   selection   of   glass   casseroles   of   a   range   of   sizes   with   glass   lids   can   be   essential   for   microwave   cooking .   the   goal   is   that   the   vegies   fill   the   container   and   the   container   is   covered   with   a   lid   so   that   the   steam   is   concentrated .   asin   b001hzy9cm   anchor   hocking   3   piece   casserole   glass   bakeware   set   with   bonus   2   piece   kitchen   tool   set   62   if   you   don   t   have   a   glass   casserole   the   right   size ,   you   can   often   use   a   glass   or   ceramic   bowl ,   and   use   a   saucer   or   small   plate   as   a   lid .   62   heating   plastic   may   cause   itto   de   gas   toxic   compounds   if   you   plan   to   heat   left   overs   in   your   microwave ,   it   is   best   to   use   glass   storage   containers   asin   b0000cftb0   pyrex   6022369   storage   14   piece   round   set ,   clear   with   blue   lids   .   but   don   t   use   the   plastic   lids   in   the   microwave .   62   click   on   stoney   just   below   the   product   title   to   see   my   other   reviews ,   or   leave   a   comment   to   ask   a   question .
love   this   microwave !   fits   beautifully   in   a   corner   of   my   kitchen   so   much   better   than   a   full   sized   rectangular   one   ever   did .   because   the   controls   are   on   the   bottom   instead   of   the   side   the   door   is   higher   and   it   easily   clears   the   edge   of   the   sink   next   to   it   and ,   occasionally ,   drying   dishes   without   having   to   move   anything .   br   br   love   the   sleekness   of   the   look   and   simplicity   of   the   controls .   miss   the   number   pad   a   bit ,   but   knew   it   didn   t   have   one   when   i   bought   it   and   am   quickly   adjusting .   power   control   and   basic   instructions   on   what   setting   to   use   have   been   helpful   couldn   t   even   figure   out   power   setting   on   previously   owned   machine !   .   oh   and   the   very   short   beeps   at   the   end   of   a   cycle   are   not   nearly   as   annoying   as   the   longer   ones   on   other   models   i   have   owned .   br   br   we   typically   use   for   reheating   food   single   or   multiple   servings   or   beverages   and   the   occasional   bowl   of   popcorn   and   it   heats   quite   well .   in   fact ,   the   popcorn   button   is   the   only   part   i   completely   dislike ,   as   it   is   preset   for   only   1.75   oz   bags   and   cannot   be   changed .   we   gave   up   preservative   laden   pre   packaged   bags   of   popcorn   years   ago   in   favor   of   real   kernels   using   a   special   bowl   or   paper   bag ,   so   the   popcorn   setting   is   useless   for   us .   have   not   noticed   any   difference   in   heating   between   this   and   previous   full   size   model   we   owned ,   except   that   beverages   seem   to   heat   faster .   full   sized   plates   fit   and   have   had   no   issue   with   container   heights   even   my   large   popcorn   bowl   fits   nicely   .   br   br   bought   the   white   version   online   at   home   depot ,   as   their   price   was   actually   better   than   amazon   s   and   included   free   delivery   as   well .   definitely   recommend   to   anyone   looking   for   a   smaller   microwave .
lack   of   operating   instructions   we   purchased   this   model   in   white   last   month   and   just   installed   it   a   week   ago .   easy   to   install   and   looks   very   nice .   the   downside   with   this   is   there   s   no   operating   instructions   except   for   a   few   basic   ones   printed   on   the   face   of   the   unit   when   you   open   the   door ,   and   they   are   not   adequate .   i   still   haven   t   figured   out   how   to   simply   thaw   a   1   4   cup   of   frozen   blueberries   for   my   cereal   in   the   morning   very   frustrating .   it   did   do   a   very   even   job   of   reheating   a   casserole ,   but   the   lack   of   a   booklet   to   reference   is   very   disappointing .   once   i   am   able   to   figure   out   how   it   use   it   more   efficiently ,   i   m   sure   i   will   be   happier   with   it .
bad   bad   product   i   purchased   a   pem31smss   ge   microwave   because   fit   in   the   space   i   have ,   and   also   look   good ,   but   let   me   tell   you   if   you   thinking   buying   some   thing   like   this   pice   of   junk ,   only   going   to   last   you   the   most   2   years ,   or   less   that   is   what   it   lass   me ,   when   you   call   ge   they   ready   to   sell   you   a   new   one   problably   with   the   same   problems .
awesome   deal   fits   perfect   and   works   great   never   thought   i   would   find   one   that   would   fit   my   kitchen   in   stainless   steel   look
junk   worthless .   stopped   working   after   less   than   two   years .   the   repair   place   said   it   would   be   about   200.00   to   fix   it .   if   you   re   like   me ,   you   are   considering   a   frigidaire   because   they   re   cheaper .   do   yourself   a   favor   and   spend   a   little   more   on   another   brand .
so   far   so   good   install   a   bit   tricky   bought   this   to   replace   a   builder   grade   off   brand   unit   that   came   with   the   house .   in   performance   and   style ,   this   whirlpool   microwave   is   absolutely   superior .   a   few   notes   br   br   heats   faster   and   more   evenly   than   i   m   used   to .   depth   is   17   inches ,   which   is   one   inch   larger   than   my   old   microwave .   thus ,   i   m   able   to   use   my   large   square   plates   in   this   one .   br   br   install   was   a   bit   tricky .   i   installed   in   a   slot   previously   occupied   by   a   microwave ,   so   i   did   not   have   to   cut   a   vent   hole   or   locate   studs .   i   did   have   to   remove   the   old   mounting   plate ,   which   was   shorter .   this   unit   came   with   a   cardboard   template   to   locate   the   bottom   line   of   the   mounting   plate   on   the   wall .   this   wall   template   worked   fine   i   simply   drew   the   line ,   then   held   up   the   metal   plate ,   and   drilled   into   the   studs   in   the   appropriate   holes .   br   br   the   top   template   was   a   different   matter .   whirlpool   provides   a   paper   template   to   affix   to   the   underside   of   your   cabinets   to   locate   the   holes   to   drill   for   the   cabinet   mount .   if   you   have   a   recess   under   your   cabinets ,   as   i   do ,   you   will   need   to   trim   the   template   to   get   it   to   fit .   i   did   this ,   and   drilled   through   the   template   holes .   they   were   about   a   half   inch   off .   i   threw   the   template   away   and   remeasured ,   and   drilled   9   1   2   from   the   back   wall   not   10   as   specified   in   the   installation   instructions   .   these   holes   worked .   br   br   the   power   cord   also   has   to   go   through   the   cabinet   above .   the   instructions   say   to   bore   a   1.5   inch   hole .   i   did   this   with   a   spade   bit   enlarging   a   . 75   inch   hole   from   the   old   microwave   .   seems   a   bit   large ,   could   probably   have   gotten   away   with   a   1   inch   hole .   br   br   i   have   the   microwave   wall   vented .   installing   the   flap   with   sheet   metal   screws   on   the   microwave   and   placing   into   my   pre   existing   vent   hole   was   easy .   i   can   t   speak   to   the   ease   of   the   ceiling   vent   mount .   br   br   there   are   presets   for   popcorn ,   potator ,   and   pizza .   of   these ,   i   ve   only   used   the   pizza   setting   to   reheat   a   small   slice .   took   1   minute   40   seconds   on   a   lower   setting , but   heated   it   a   bit   too   hot .   would   probably   be   fine   for   a   large   slice .   br   br   other   than   that ,   it   looks   and   works   great .
handle   keeps   breaking   i   haven   t   had   the   same   electronic   problem   as   other   reviewers   and   the   microwave   itself   is   working   fine .   at   six   months   the   handle   fell   off .   since   it   was   under   warranty   still ,   samsung   customer   service   sent   a   technician   with   a   new   door   and   replaced   it .   now   at   14   months   with   the   warranty   expired   the   new   door   handle   feel   off   again .   this   is   clearly   a   design   flaw   in   the   way   the   door   is   constructed .   you   cannot   use   the   microwave   without   being   able   to   close   the   door .   they   have   refused   to   replace   the   microwave   or   fix   the   door   very   disappointing   customer   experience .
samsung   stands   by   their   products   we   do   not   have   this   exact   model .   we   have   a   smh   9187st .   ours   is   three   years   old   and   just   recently   got   the   dreaded   5e   se   error .   i   found   online   that   if   you   called   them   they   would   cover   it   under   an   epidemic   warranty   for   the   specific   problem   of   the   5e   keypad   error .   .   called   they   sent   a   local   repair   man   out   in   less   than   7   days   all   fixed   at   no   charge .   i   feel   like   samsung   is   well   aware   of   this   issue   and   with   and   will   stand   behind   their   products   .   i   would   buy   another   one   after   this   experience .
good   microwave   but   a   little   expensive   for   what   you   get   this   is   a   good   microwave   that   fits   well   in   the   corner   of   the   kitchen .   it   fits   a   full   size   dinner   plate .
starting   to   fall   apart   after   1   yr   cheaper   price   is   the   only   thing   i   really   liked   about   this .   we   had   it   installed   in   our   new   house   and   have   been   using   it   for   about   a   year   now .   at   first   it   was   fine ,   but   after   a   few   months   i   kept   hearing   this   whizzing   sound .   i   found   out   it   was   the   cover   for   the   lightbulb   inside   the   microwave ,   it   got   loose !   how   does   that   even   happen   can   t   fix   it   myself   so   we   have   to   call   their   appliance   repair   which   i   m   regretting   as   that   s   always   a   hassle .   br   br   it   heats   as   a   microwave   should ,   i   m   just   disappointed   that   it   s   starting   to   fall   apart   already   after   just   1   year   of   use .   br   br   the   beeping   is   annoying ,   i   m   sorry   it   just   is .   when   you   have   a   sleeping   baby   and   this   thing   goes   off   and   it   wont   turn   off   when   you   open   the   door ,   then   yes   it   is   annoying ! !   we   did   recently   figure   out   that   if   you   press   stop   cancel   while   it   s   beeping ,   it   will   stop .   but   really   seems   like   a   silly   thing   to   be   upset   about ,   but   it   can   get   on   your   nerves   over   time .   br   br   hopefully   frigidaire   fixes   all   the   problems   with   it !
would   definitely   buy   again   i   just   finished   remodeling   my   kitchen   a   few   months   ago .   i   was   trying   to   go   for   something   different   in   putting   together   my   design   and   i   thought   this   would   not   only   be   cool ,   it   would   free   up   some   valuable   counter   space .   i   was   a   little   concerned   upon   reading   some   of   the   reviews   from   some   who   have   purchased   this   microwave   and   aren   t   too   thrilled   with   it   s   performance   however   upon   much   consideration ,   i   decided   to   take   the   chance   and   as   nike   says ,   just   do   it .   i   have   been   using   my   microwave   religiously   since   june   and   it   has   been   nothing   but   the   best .   it   looks   sleek   and   cool   built   into   my   cherry   cabinet .   the   performance   of   the   unit   has   been   trouble   free   to   date   and   overall ,   i   would   not   hesitate   to   buy   it   again .
works   well   bad   reviews   might   have   been   a   bad   batch   or   quality   control   issue   the   poor   reviews   of   this   product   must   have   involved   a   bad   batch .   this   microwave   has   worked   great   for   us .   very   powerful   great   look   and   fits   in   a   very   tight   space .   i   really   like   the   one   touch   timer   feature .   it   seems   to   be   well   built .   ours   has   a   sticker   inside   that   says   built   april   2013 .   i   am   glad   we   got   a   more   recent   built   unit   than   what   seems   to   be   problems   with   earlier   units .
only   had   a   short   time   only   one   i   could   find   to   fit   in   space .   couldn   t   use   all   the   others   because   once   installed   was   unable   to   open   door   because   it   is   next   to   an   extended   wall .   i   hunted   all   over   for   a   microwave   that   the   door   hinge   was   about   an   inch   from   side .
yikes !   door   falls   open   by   itself   i   put   a   smh9187st   1.8   cu .   ft .   over   the   range   microwave   stainless   steel   in   my   vacation   home .   after   four   or   five   months   of   light   duty   use ,   we   returned   home   to   find   the   door   standing   open   and   the   light   on   inside .   there   is   apparently   a   spring   in   the   door   that   holds   the   two   latches   in   the   closed   position .   that   spring   either   came   off   its   mount   or   broke ,   because   the   latches   no   longer   hold   the   door   closed .   i   asked   samsung   to   tell   me   how   to   open   up   the   door   so   i   could   replace   the   spring .   they   said   no ,   i   d   have   to   pay   them   for   a   service   call .   i   asked   if   they   would   tell   me   how   to   remove   the   door   so   i   could   take   it   to   a   local   repair   shop .   no ,   again .   keep   in   mind   that   the   spring   apparently   failed   while   the   unit   was   just   sitting   there ,   not   in   use .   the   really   scary   part   of   this   is   that   if   it   had   failed   during   use ,   the   door   would   have   opened   on   its   own   potentially   allowing   a   major   leakage   of   microwave   energy   into   the   kitchen .   ,
good   basic   microwave   but   lacks   one   convenient   function .   in   our   family   we   mostly   use   the   microwave   oven   to   reheat   food   99   of   the   time   defrost   takes   the   rest   .   it   does   the   job   well   but   it   lacks   one   convenient   element   for   that   purpose   the   start   button   has   no   memory .   this   means   that   you   have   to   retype   the   amount   of   time   you   want   to   reheat   every   time .   our   previous   one   also   a   whirlpool ,   from   20   years   ago   remembered   the   time   we   put   in   previously   and   that   was   extremely   convenient .   br   a   more   minor   issue   the   fan   and   light   have   two   modes   hi   lo   but   no   separate   button   for   each   mode   saves   space   so   you   have   to   push   three   times   when   you   use   these   functions .
best   purchase   this   year !   this   microwave   works   well   and   is   efficient .   it   does   make   more   noise   than   my   last   one   but   it   makes   up   for   it   in   performance .   would   not   hesitate   to   purchase   again .
not   compact   i   got   this   because   it   was   touted   as   a   mini   microwave .   of   course ,   i   am   capable   of   reading   the   dimensions ,   which   i   did ,   but   when   it   arrived   it   still   seemed   shockingly   huge   for   a   mini   or   compact   microwave .   it   simply   won   t   work   with   my   limited   counter   space .   i   don   t   know   how   well   it   works ,   because   after   trying   it   in   various   spots ,   i   put   it   right   back   in   the   box .   btw ,   it   is   30   to   send   back ,   so   make   sure   you   want   it   before   you   order .
door   seems   not   very   stable   i   like   this   microwave ,   except   the   door   is   not   always   close   right ..   as   you   close   it ,   it   s   almost   as   if   it   was   installed   a   bit   lower   than   it   needs   to   be   to   close   securely .   the   family   is   always   complaining   about   it   also ,   for   the   size   of   this   thing ,   i   thought   it   would   be   a   tiny   bit   taller   inside .   our   freezer   makes   ice   cream   very   hard   so   we   nuke   it   for   maybe   a   minute   to   get   it   softer   before   serving   the   round   ice   cream   container   cannot   fit   upright   in   it .   some   cups   do   not   fit   either .   br   br   the   plus   side   of   this   tho ,   is   that   it   does   fit   snugly   into   a   corner !   that   is   the   only   thing   that   sells   it ,   in   my   opinion .   i   have   no   idea   why ,   it   is   so   big   bulky   for   the   size   it   actually   is ,   on   the   inside !   there   is   a   solid   5   34   of   bulk   at   the   bottom ,   another   3   34   at   the   top   and   about   6   3   4   34   of   height   inside ....   and   that   does   not   include   the   plate   roller ....   so   you   truly   only   have   a   microwave   that   is   5   3   4   inches   tall   inside ! !   ...   the   plate   within ,   is   an   11   34   plate ,   but   it   is   very   close   to   the   edge .   also ,   the   bottom   roller   that   holds   the   plate   in   place   is   in   two   parts ,   rather   than   one .   if   this   roller   gets   off   the   other   piece ...   it   makes   a   rattling   noise   makes   you   think   there   is   something   very   wrong   with   it .   br   br   we   only   use   a   microwave   for   warming   things ,   reheating   pizza ,   a   cup   of   coffee   etc . ,   and   this   does   that   job   very   well ,   however ,   for   150 ,   i   would   have   absolutely   returned   it   had   i   not   lived   on   an   island   in   alaska ,   where   the   shipping   would   have   killed   me  
perfect   size   for   small   space .   this   little   giant   is   great   for   small   spaces .   it   is   very   easy   to   use   and   works   just   as   well   as   larger   microwaves .   i   am   very   happy   with   purchase .
1   1   2   years   old   and   still   surprised   my   so   called   top   of   the   line   ge   profile   microwave   burned   out   and   had   a   bad   tube   after   only   3   years   so   i   needed   a   microwave   that   would   match   all   my   appliances   and   didn   t   want   to   make   the   mistake   of   spending   a   fortune   on   a   microwave   again   since   nothing   seems   to   last   anymore .   i   really   liked   the   samsung   looks   and   the   price   compared   to   the   other   big   brands   was   enticing   but   i   read   tons   of   negative   reviews   and   held   off   on   buying   it .   a   few   weeks   later   i   see   it   on   sale   from   its   already   great   price   and   bought   it   230 .   it   sticks   out   about   an   inch   more   beyond   my   cabinets   than   the   ge   did   but   i   think   this   is   intentional   as   the   exhaust   vent   blows   out   of   the   top   toward   the   front   of   the   unit .   this   actually   provides   better   coverage   when   cooking   on   the   stove   top   as   well   since   everything   rises   right   up   into   the   vent   hood .   it   s   been   a   year   and   a   half   and   it   still   works   great .   it   s   just   as   powerful   as   the   ge   was   so   either   it   s   under   rated   or   the   ge   was   over   rated   in   wattage .   for   under   300   bucks   you   can   t   go   wrong   with   this   microwave .   the   stainless   doesn   t   mark   up   with   smudges   as   easy   as   my   other   appliances   and   it   has   just   as   many   features   as   the   more   expensive   ones .   it   s   controls   are   lot   easier   to   use   than   the   touch   screen   was   on   my   ge .   fyi   don   t   get   a   touch   screen   appliance ! !   i   like   the   4   fan   speeds .   my   only   complaint   is   when   the   kitchen   timer   goes   off   it   just   beeps   once   and   it   s   easy   to   miss   it .   other   than   that   i   m   really   surprised   at   how   great   this   microwave   has   turned   out   and   though   i   haven   t   had   to   deal   with   customer   service   personally   i   ve   heard   they   re   very   easy   to   deal   with   which   is   more   than   i   can   say   for   ge .   goodbye   ge   and   good   job   samsung .
total   junk !   bought   under   3   years   ago .   first   the   door   stopped   closing   fully   unless   you   slammed   it .   now   all   it   does   is   work   for   5   seconds   and   then   stops   working .   total   junk !   total   waste   of   money .   now   i   need   to   buy   a   new   microwave ... again !
crazy   to   buy   this   this   was   bought   as   part   of   a   package   of   kitchen   equipment   in   may   2013 .   br   br   currently   it   hasn   t   worked   for   1   4   of   the   time   i   have   owned   it .   br   br   as   other   reviewers   have   identified   there   is   a   known   issue   where   they   stop   working   and   don   t   response   at   all   samsung   executive   customer   service   refuses   to   do   anything   outside   the   attempt   to   repair   it   3   times   process   .   br   br   there   is   nothing   good   to   say   about   samsung ,   their   product ,   their   staff   or   their   agencies   to   continue   to   sell   a   product   that   is   known   to   be   deficient   is   negligent   br   br   i   own   other   samsung   products   but   because   of   this   i   will   never   buy   one   again   and   make   sure   i   can   influence   others   to   do   likewise .   br   br   please   don   t   buy   this   product   it   will   most   likely   fail   and   you   will   wish   you   hadn   t ...   br   br   i   certainly   regret   it
looks   great   but   longevity   poor   this   is   a   very   handsome   appliance   and   for   the   first   year   it   operated   well   or   as   expected .   within   weeks   of   the   first   year   anniversary   the   microwave   died ,   an   operating   board   went   out   and   it   no   longer   functioned   and   the   repair   would   cost   almost   as   much   as   replacing   the   product .   i   contacted   ge   and   they   instructed   me   to   have   a   repairman   to   come   in   and   diagnose   the   problem ,   if   i   decided   to   repair   or   replace   they   would   give   me   credit   for   the   service   call ,   but   because   the   warranty   had   just   run   out   they   would   not   be   responsible   for   replacing   the   product .
so   far ,   so   good ,   for   the   price   we   installed   this   above   an   electrolux   dual   fuel   oven ,   for   which   it   provides   venting   and   downward   facing   led   lights   in   addition   to   its   primary   microwave   functions .   it   was   fairly   inexpensive   and   looks   good   in   the   kitchen .   observations   in   no   particular   order   br   br   1 .   the   sensor   cooking   on   this   is   much   better   than   on   our   old   sharp   countertop   unit ,   which   overcooked   everything .   i   had   thought   at   the   time   that   it   would   be   nice   if   there   was   a   way   to   calibrate   the   sensor .   while   the   samsung   doesn   t   give   you   calibration   options ,   it   does   let   you   say   what   you   are   cooking ,   and   apparently   adjusts   its   response   to   the   sensor   accordingly .   i   have   found   that   it   works   pretty   well   to   always   tell   it   i   m   reheating   pasta !   br   br   2 .   a   general   use   kitchen   timer   is   provided .   of   course   most   microwaves   do ,   so   that   s   not   unusual ,   but   this   one   is   smarter   than   some .   it   is   able   to   function   independently   of   the   cooking   timer .   for   example ,   if   you   are   timing   something   for   30   minutes ,   then   decide   partway   through   you   want   to   heat   a   cup   of   water   for   one   minute ,   it   will   correctly   keep   track   of   the   30   minute   timer   in   the   background   and   display   it   again   after   it   s   done   with   the   water .   br   br   3 .   minor   niggle   the   oven   vent   is   supposed   to   come   on   whenever   it   detects   heat   rising   from   below ,   but   ours   seems   to   always   need   to   be   turned   on   manually .   br   br   4 .   this   is   where   the   samsung   loses   a   review   star .   the   eco   mode   feature   is   poorly   conceived .   when   you   press   the   button ,   the   panel   lights   go   out   and   standby   power   consumption   is   reduced .   so   far ,   so   good .   but   then   as   as   soon   as   you   use   the   microwave   again ,   or   even   just   open   the   door ,   or   use   the   oven   light   or   vent   options ,   it   leaves   eco   mode   the   display   comes   back   on   and   stays   on .   it   really   should   remember   eco   as   a   user   preference   rather   than   as   a   temporary   mode .   i   also   suspect   this   ties   in   to   the   problems   some   customers   have   had   with   the   control   panel   failing .   if   we   were   allowed   to   set   a   persistent   eco   mode ,   it   s   likely   that   the   front   panel   would   be   mostly   off   except   when   in   actual   operation ,   and   as   a   result   it   might   not   burn   out .   we   have   made   it   a   habit   to   push   the   eco   button   after   each   use .   br   br   in   sum ,   it   fits   with   our   kitchen   decor   and   cooks   well ,   and   we   hope   we   will   be   able   to   make   it   last   a   long   time   by   remembering   the   eco   button   as   often   as   possible .
worked   100   this   kit   is   just   what   i   needed .   my   microwave   stopped   warming   food   and   made   a   loud   buzzing   sound   when   on .   i   didn   t   want   to   replace   the   whole   unit   because   it   matched   my   stove .   i   got   this   kit   and   it   was   really   pretty   easy   to   install .   now   it   works   like   new   again .   br   br   there   are   dangers   of   electric   shock ,   so   do   your   research .   br   br   keep   track   of   all   your   screws   and   bolts   and   where   they   go .  
17   month   600   appliance .   it   was   ok .   convection   and   bake   worked   ok .   a   lot   of   buttons   to   push   just   to   get   it   to   go .   usually   i   hit   the   30   second   button   and   then   turned   the   knob .   also   cannot   see   non   illuminated   buttons   in   a   semi   dark   corner   of   kitchen .   however ,   the   unit   stopped   working   after   17   months .   just   passed   the   warranty .   not   happy .
i   m   not   satisfy   i   received   on   time ,   but   with   damage   on   the   door   and   left   side   and   with   out   grill , i   m   not   so   happy
ge   microwave   oven   magnetron   and   diode   kit   the   four   fixed   screws   on   the   unit   does   not   line   up   with   the   existing   hole   of   the   microwave ,   so   i   had   to   zip   tie   it   down .   br   they   needed   to   be   at   the   12   and   6   o   clock   position   for   me   to   bolt   it   down ,   but   it   works   great .
dead   after   ony   1.5   yrs   of   light   use   very   disappointed ,   because   this   is   the   perfectly   shaped   microwave   for   our   kitchen .   but   my   husband   reported   a   big ,   scary   electrical   storm   and   bad   smell   burning   machine   inside   the   unit   yesterday ,   along   with   a   weird   dark   brown   spot   on   the   inside   of   the   machine .   he   was   melting   butter   in   a   pyrex   bowl .   today ,   the   microwave   is   headed   for   appliance   recycling .   br   br   importantly ,   we   only   used   the   unit   at   most   once   or   twice   per   day ,   to   warm   or   melt   things .
stainless   steel   began   rusting   after   9   months ,   unit   died   after   22   months   we   bought   this   microwave   at   lowes .   i   think   i   would   have   a   better   chance   at   solving   a   rubik   s   than   installing   the   thing   over   the   stove   so   we   hired   our   handyman   to   do   it .   br   br   the   microwave   performs   ok   but   the   stainless   steel   began   rusting   in   9   months .   it   is   now   pockmarked   with   rust   and   getting   uglier   every   day .   br   br   i   regret   this   purchase .   br   br   update   here   i   am   a   little   more   than   a   year   after   posting   my   original   1   star   review ,   and   i   m   wishing   there   was   zero   star   option .   one   day   about   2   hours   after   dinner   the   light   inside   the   microwave   randomly   came   on   all   by   itself !   the   unit   was   previously   off .   upon   closer   inspection   we   noticed   not   only   was   the   light   on ,   but   the   turntable   was   also   turning .   if   we   open   the   door ,   the   turntable   stops   spinning .   if   we   close   it ,   it   begins   again .   and   the   light   remains   on .   br   br   sometimes   when   we   re   done   cooking   something   it   will   power   off   normally   like   its   supposed   to   and   we   get   lulled   into   a   false   sense   that   it   fixed   itself .   but   then   it   will   randomly   come   on   again   later .   br   br   it   s   acting   like   its   possessed .   my   guess   is   that   all   lg   products   are   pure   evil ,   and   should   be   avoided .
junk   samsung   might   make   tons   of   nice   product   but   oven   range   microwave   is   not   one   of   them .   seems   like   5e   or   se   code   seems   to   be   the   common   problem   with   their   microwave .   br   my   warranty   was   just   about   to   run   out   and   i   ve   been   getting   this   code .   i   should   have   doing   research   before   i   went   with   them .   live   and   learn   i   suppose .
astounding   pos   amazing   that   such   a   reputable   company   would   put   out   such   a   poorly   thought   out   product .   br   br   everyone   should   know   by   now   that   the   most   important   part   of   a   microwave   oven   is   the   user   interface .   afterall ,   a   microwave   oven   has   one   power   setting   that   must   be   somehow   regulated   by   an   on   off   switch   so   i   am   amazed   that   frigidaire   could   mess   that   up   so .   br   br   for   instance   when   it   is   done   cooking   the   3   loud   beeps   go   off   very   slowly .   during   which   time   it   is   impossible   to   add   time ,   or   even   to   stop   the   beeping .   you   can   open   the   door ,   but   it   still   beeps   you   can   not   push   the   stop   button ,   because   until   the   beep   is   done   nothing   else   works   this   thing   is   robbing   my   time   a   few   seconds   at   a   time .   br   br   who   is   the   frigidaire   executive   that   pushed   this   forward   with   out   simple   end   user   testing   br   br   skip   it ...   underpowered   for   it   s   size   and   frustrating   to   use .
terrible   product ,   the   frigidaire   brand   should   never   be   considered   as   an   option !   18   month   old   microwave   will   not   stop   running   until   unplugged ,   which   is   a   complete   fire   hazard   and   deemed   unsafe .   i   will   never   purchase   a   frigidaire   product   in   my   lifetime   again ,   or   recommend   it   to   anyone .   this   is   not   the   first   18   month   old   frigidaire   product   i   will   have   to   replace .   stop   now   if   you   are   considering   this   product   brand ! ! !
came   damaged   box   was   not   crushed   but   top   venting   cover   was   dented   and   cracked .   i   used   the   old   one   from   the   same   model   that   needed   to   be   replaced   as   to   avoid   all   of   the   return   bs .
turntable   does   not   work   while   i   love   the   shape   of   the   microwave   it   does   fit   perfectly   in   a   corner   ,   the   turntable   is   defective   and   does   not   turn .   upon   removing   the   packaging ,   i   immediately   turned   the   microwave   on   and   placed   a   cup   of   water   in   it   to   see   if   it   was   heating   ok ,   walked   off   a   minute   and   when   i   returned   the   water   was   very   hot .   i   thought   eveyrthing   was   ok ,   so   i   threw   the   packaging   away .   a   few   days   later ,   i   put   a   plate   of   food   in   the   microwave   to   heat   it   up   and   that   s   when   i   noticed   the   turntable   was   not   turning !   i   opened   the   door ,   checked   the   wheels   it   revolves   on ,   replaced   the   glass ,   gave   the   glass   a   little   turn   and   still   nothing .   i   tried   even   placing   things   of   different   weights   on   it ,   sometimes   it   would   turn   a   little   like   it   was   trying   to   turn   but   then   would   abruptly   stop .   so   buyers   beware ,   i   would   not   purchase   this   item .
corner   microwave   this   met   our   requirements   for   a   space   saving   microwave .   we   would   recommend   it   to   any   one   with   limited   counter   space .
bad   choice .   it   worked   for   three   weeks   and   now   it   won   t   start .   luckily   we   kept   the   box   and   are   sending   it   back .   what   a   pain .
good   simple   microwave   it   is   a   basic   microwave   and   so   far   working   very   well .   br   it   fit   perfect   over   our   oven   range .   br   my   husband   and   his   friend   s   help   needed   for   taking   old   one   out   and   setting   this   microwave   up .   br   door   feels   very   light   we   are   used   to   the   metal   one   so   we   get   gentle   on   it .
probably   my   second   favorite   appliance   it   s   too   bad   that   this   microwave   gets   such   poor   reviews .   i   had   it   in   my   old   house ,   and   i   d   really   like   to   get   another   one   for   my   new   house .   but   even   now   i   m   a   bit   hesitant .   br   br   i   see   that   a   lot   of   people   have   problems ,   but   luckily ,   i   had   none .   i   love   the   looks   of   the   microwave ,   and   i   love   the   lcd   touch   controls .   i   also   love   the   sensor   cooking ,   especially   with   baked   potatoes   and   corn   on   the   cob .   br   br   perhaps   my   only   complaint   is   that   the   exhaust   fan   is   loud .   the   weird   thing   is   that   it   is   just   as   loud ,   if   not   louder ,   at   low   fan   settings .   at   these   low   settings ,   there   s   a   loud   hum ,   and   at   high   settings ,   there   s   the   fan   noise .   therefore ,   even   if   you   re   just   boiling   an   egg   or   something ,   you   have   to   put   up   with   the   loud   fan   noise   all   the   time .   br   br   the   interior   is   very   easy   to   clean .   after   4   years ,   the   thing   looks   brand   new .   i   thought   it   was   pretty   well   built .
great   style   and   size   but   it   is   a   little   deep   for   where   i   have   it .   beautiful   and   stylish .   easy   to   use ,   with   sensitive   touch   screen .
ongoing   issues   bought   this   product   a   while   ago .   handle   breaks   off   over   time .   ge   knows   of   the   problem .   charges   60   for   the   handle   and   delivers   it   without   screws .   one   of   those   broke   as   well .   on   line   parts   support   says   the   handle   does   not   come   with   screws   and   there   is   nothing   they   can   do .   live   and   learn .
i   love   it   when   ordering   cabinet   for   microwave   i   had   no   clue   that   sharp   offered   a   drawer   oven   that   would   fit   into   the   cabinet   perfectly .   it   looks   so   great   and   works   beautifully .
door   opening   button   broke   ge   won   t   fix   i   should   have   heeded   the   warnings   in   these   reviews .   we   bought   this   because   it   fit   our   space ,   but   the   door   button   broke .   the   door   won   t   open   when   the   button   is   pushed ,   it   just   unlatches   and   you   have   to   pry   it   open .   what   s   worse ,   the   ge   repairman   came   to   fix   it   and   he   just   added   some   lubrication   and   said   it   was   fine .   he   refused   to   replace   anything .
great   microwave   works   and   looks   fantastic ! ! ! ! ! !   we   got   it   the   same   day   our   cabinets   were   being   installed .   we   were   worried   about   it   not   working   since   this   was   our   first   on   line   purchase   of   such   a   high   priced   item .   let   me   tell   you   how   easy   it   went   in   and   it   performed   fantastic ! ! ! !   it   is   exactly   what   we   wanted   and   the   slide   out   drawer   has   our   friends   looking   into   how   they   can   install   one   in   their   kitchens .   we   installed   it   in   a   bottom   cabinet   directly   under   the   countertop .   great   height   and   so   convenient   to   place   hot   items   right   onto   the   countertop .   no   more   reaching   over   head   or   over   a   hot   stove   to   get   anything   out .   this   is   a   real   gem   and   an   awesome   addition   to   our   kitchen .
more   powerful   than   expected   bought   this   for   a   small   kitchen ,   it   fits   nicely   in   the   corner   and   works   great .   seems   to   be   well   made .   although   it   is   lower   wattage ,   i   have   not   had   to   significantly   increase   the   cooking   time ,   and   i   can   fit   a   plate   or   even   cook   reheat   in   a   round   2qt   dish .   the   beep   is   a   little   loud   but   otherwise   no   complaints .
never   buy   this   product   bought   over   the   range   ge   microwave   pvm1790sr1   ss   unpacked   it .   before   installing   ,   plugged   it   in   to   test . it   started   automatically ,   control   panel   went   dark   no   amount   of   pressin   stop   cancel   button   would   stop   it   from   running .   br   returned   the   product   yesterday .
so   far   no   problems   so   far   it   has   worked   fine   with   no   service   calls .   i   will   keep   you   posted   in   future   years .   given   how   nicely   it   fits   in   our   kitchen   island ,   i   would   probably   buy   another   one   even   if   it   lasted   only   2   years .   update   finished   year   4   with   no   problems .   still   very   happy .
it   is   what   is ...   this   product   fits   into   a   small   corner   counter   space   that   i   have ,   and   it   34   looks   34   nice ... but   truth   be   told ,   i   could   have   saved   money   and   bought   a   small   rectangular   mw   and   put   it   on   the   same   counter ,   although   it   wouldn   t   have   looked   quite   as   nice   as   this   one   does .
poor   quality ,   lacks   power ,   hard   to   find   a   replacement   at   first   glance   this   appliance   looks   good   but   the   trim   is   poorly   attached   and   is   coming   off   after   three   months   of   use .   it   does   not   have   enough   power   to   properly   pop   popcorn .   it   takes   2   3   minutes   to   boil   a   cup   of   water .   if   you   build   a   cabinet   to   fit   it   for   a   built   in   look ,   you   will   have   a   hard   time   finding   a   replacement   that   will   fit   into   the   space .   i   would   definitely   not   recommend   this   microwave
great   product   the   ceiling   of   my   microwave   was   a   disaster .   paint   was   peeling   all   over   it .   this   product   did   the   trick .   make   sure   you   sand   properly   and   spray   several   light   coats   rather   than   one   thick   one .
i   will   never   buy   samsung   again !   same   as   every   one   else .. this   microwave   is   three   years   old   .. broke   twice   !   they   know   they   have   an   se   problem   and   continue   to   sell   their   junk !   same   as   everyone   else   they   want   you   to   pay   to   fix   it ... told   us   last   time   we   got   it   fixed   they   resolved   the   problem ... well   broke   again   se   again   .. so   i   will   never   buy   from   them   again ... i   will   tell   everyone   i   know   not   to   buy   their   junk   .. is   it   really   worth   it   to   screw   people   over   like   that  
great   value .   protrudes   more   than   expected .   this   is   a   good   looking   microwave   and   the   value   is   unbeatable .   my   only   disappointment   is   that   it   sticks   out   from   the   cabinet   way   more   than   the   flush   unit   it   replaced .
cutest   and   most   space   saving   mw   ever   my   regular   glasses   can   t   fit   in   so   keep   that   in   mind ,   you   ll   need   shorter   glasses .   its   footprint   is   a   winner ,   even   though   i   got   tons   of   real   estate   on   my   countertop   already ,   i   still   appreciate   how   much   space   it   frees   up   when   compared   to   my   big   ass   conventional   mw .   i   do   miss   the   analog   dial   to   set   minutes   on   my   old   mw   though ,   touching   these   touch   sensitive   totally   flat   buttons   is   just   so   unnatural .   i   regret   that   i   didn   t   buy   this   earlier .
short   life !   after   16   months   the   board   that   controls   the   keypad   died .   the   repair   estimate   was   twice   what   i   paid   for   the   microwave !   repair   person   told   me   to   get   a   whirlpool   or   lg   next   time .
perfect   for   my   rv .   bought   this   cutie   for   the   outdoor   kitchen   in   my   rv .   i   had   limited   space   to   work   with   so   this   was   the   perfect   choice   for   me .   the   unit   sits   in   one   corner   of   the   outdooor   kitchen   counter   leaving   me   enough   room   to   add   a   hot   plate   as   well .   br   br   great   item   at   a   great   price .   enough   power   to   handle   all   routoine   microwave   tasks .
kind   of   hard   to   love   a   microwave ,   but ...   i   have   just   gone   through   10   weeks   of   kitchen   remodel   that   was   supposed   to   take   5   6   weeks .   i   researched   venting   microwaves   and   found   very   good   reports   on   this   one .   the   availability   and   price   here   on   amazon   beat   my   local   big   box   stores   and   chains .   installation   appeared   easy   for   my   contractors .   there   are   options   to   allow   venting   outside ,   either   behind   or   above   the   microwave   not   so   clear   from   product   description   but   we   had   planned   to   vent   through   filters   as   the   only   other   option   was   through   our   garage   not   compatible   with   local   code   .   br   br   the   bells   and   whistles   are   amazing ,   with   our   kids   ready   to   show   us   how   it   works ,   right   after   we   stop   the   clock   blinking   on   our   vcr .
it   works !   had   large   amount   of   rust   under   rotating   plate   in   ge   microwave .   surface   prep   is   important .   i   started   out   with   sandpaper   and   discovered   this   was   going   to   take   too   long   due   to   the   amount   of   rust   i   had .   i   ended   up   using   a   1   34   metal   paint   scraper   to   remove   all   paint   rust   down   to   base   metal   in   the   damaged   area ,   this   worked   very   well .   then   sanded   smooth .   wiped   surface   clean   with   rubbing   alcohol .   masked   off   area   to   be   painted .   ensure   adequate   ventilation   when   painting .   i   applied   mutliple   coats .   2   months   of   usage   thus   far ...   looks   great ,   holding   up   great !
micro   paint   i   bought   a   used   micro   that   works   great   but   needed   a   little   34   tweaking   34   for   paint   touch   p   inside .   br   this   did   the   job !
would   rate   a   zero   star   if   i   could   we   own   this   microwave   in   black .   installed   in   2010 ,   slow   to   cook   for   3   years ,   and   finally   broke   in   2013   magnetron   went   out .   too   costly   to   repair ,   so   replaced   with   a   whirlpool   unit   fingers   crossed   .   3   years   for   an   appliance   that   requires   install   what   a   joke !   i   also   had   a   ge   range   break   in   less   than   3   years .   i   own   multiple   rental   houses   and   used   to   count   on   ge .   now   i   will   never   buy   a   ge   appliance   again !
i   love   it   it   is   so   nice !   it   works ,   is   small ,   has   a   wonderful   shape ,   it   is   an   acquisition   for   my   kitchen .   i   recommend   it .
five   year   lifetime   you   d   expect   more   than   five   years   out   of   a   product   in   this   price   range .   however ,   the   control   panel   died   after   five   years .   well   not   quite   died .   you   can   still   make   things   happen ,   it   s   just   not   always   what   you   expect .   you   hit   the   3   and   you   get   4 .   you   hit   the   start   button   and   it   goes   to   help .   on   top   of   that ,   the   fan   filters   are   really   flimsy ,   the   tab   you   use   to   take   them   out   to   clean   broke   after   the   fifth   time   out .   we   are   going   to   buy   a   counter   microwave   definitely   not   ge   and   a   real   vent   hood .
crap   in   a   box   after   about   10   uses ... yes ,   10   uses ,   the   microwave   heating   element   broke .   it   was   under   warranty   but   this   product   is   horrible .   all   looks ,   no   performance .   filing   a   bbb   complaint   and   one   with   sharp   as   well .   1k   is   too   much   for   this   bag   of   magic   beans .
convection   oven   still   not   working   september   13 ,   2013   over   one   month   after   delivery   and   still   not   usable ! ! ! !   getting   upset .   br   br   the   rating   reflects   the   fact   that   it   is   not   working   yet   ! ! !   br   so   i   can   t   be   sure   that   it   will .   br   the   unit   was   delivered   and   it   is   what   i   wanted   because   it   is   exactly   like   the   one   i   had   for   14   years   newer   model   of   course   but   it   has   not   been   working   as   it   should .   i   wonder   if   the   tech   will   really   getting   it   to   work   correctly .   waiting   now   for   parts   to   fix   the   oven   portion   of   the   unit .   the   tech   tells   that   the   microwave   portion   only   cooks   on   the   sides   and   the   center   does   not   get   the   ray   to   cook   the   food ,   how   can   that   be   possible   anyway   here   i   am   one   full   month   after   purchasing   the   oven   and   can   t   use   it .   i   still   will   be   happy   if   they   get   it   to   work   properly .   br   love   the   fact   that   the   color   is   not   bisque   thankfully   it   is   almond   like   the   previous   one   although   the   bottom   of   this   one   is   white   ....   why   was   it   refurbished   original   bottom   damaged   will   never   know .
the   perfect   repair   for   a   rusty   microwave   oven   after   following   the   instructions   it   fixed   my   rusty   microwave   oven .   i   m   happy   i   had   found   this   product .   now   i   don   t   have   to   pay   a   costly   repair   bill .
perfect   i   needed   a   microwave   that   would   handle   large   dinner   plates   but   took   no   space .   this   item   fits   the   bill   perfectly .   it   fits   neatly   into   a   corner   of   my   countertop ,   in   no   way   dominates   the   area ,   and   functions   way   beyond   what   i   expected .   if   you   are   looking   for   a   compact   microwave   that   handles   big   things   this   is   it .   don   t   hesitate   to   purchase   it .   highly   recommended .
0   stars   late   last   year   we   remodeled   our   kitchen .   we   put   in   top   of   the   line   wolf   sub   zero   appliances   that   we   always   wanted ,   but   we   let   our   salesperson   talk   us   into   this   sharp   microwave .   this   microwave   hasn   t   even   been   in   a   year   and   the   door   is   already   separating   from   the   glass   hard   to   understand   since   it   is   the   one   appliance   that   we   rarely   use   i   am   in   a   rigorous   school   program   and   my   husband   travels   for   work   .   i   can   almost   fit   my   pinky   finger   into   the   gap   that   has   formed   between   the   door   and   the   glass .   the   microwave   is   used   maybe   once   a   week   for   a   reheat   after   a   late   shift .   when   i   called   sharp   about   this   issue ,   i   was   transferred   to   every   department   until   finally   the   one   i   needed   was   closed .   yep   transferred   to   different   departments   only   to   be   told   that   they   couldn   t   help   and   the   one   that   could   help   me   was   closed   for   the   evening .   i   called   at   1pm   mst .   this   is   so   frustrating   to   have   my   beautiful   dream   kitchen   with   this   eyesore   coming   apart ... who   knows   how   they   will   have   to   rip   it   out .   i   am   off   to   buy   a   wolf   drawer   microwave   their   helpful   customer   service   goes   out   of   their   way   to   make   sure   you   are   satisfied .
ups   strikes   again   after   ups   destroyed   a   whirlpool   unit   last   week ,   i   opted   to   upgrade   to   this   ge   model .   the   mistake   i   made   was   allowing   ups   to   handle   the   shipment   again .   it   is   becoming   apparent   that   ups   cannot   handle   anything   that   requires   a   hand   truck   without   damaging   it .   i   would   suggest   that   amazon   include   a   carrier   option   for   shipping   heavy   items   to   possibly   preclude   damage   in   shipment .   for   me ,   ups   would   fall   just   below   the   kid   down   the   street   with   his   little   red   wagon .   as   to   the   ge   microwave ,   it   arrived   with   two   corners   completely   bashed   in   and   assorted   other   small   dents .   not   exactly   a   30 , 000   foot   drop ,   but   enough   to   render   it   unusable .   if   i   m   ever   able   to   once   again   enjoy   receiving ,   installing   and   using   an   over   the   range   microwave   oven ,   i   ll   be   sure   to   review   its   salient   points .   oh ,   and   all   potential   buyers   should   be   aware   that   if   you   purchase   any   item   like   this   from   a   vender   who   does   not   have   the   caveat   fulfilled   by   amazon   next   to   their   name , and   you   have   to   return   the   item ,   you   will   simply   have   to   wait   for   the   item   to   arrive   back   at   the   vender   and   then   rely   on   the   vender   to   reimburse   the   cost .   amazon   cannot   reimburse   for   it   you   must   wait   for   the   vender .   me   i   m   still   waiting   for   my   500 .   caveat   emptor !   br   september   13   update   item   arrived   back   at   the   vender   today .   i   m   still   waiting   for   my   500 .
this   is   a   good   choice   for   a   simple   over   the   oven   micowave   the   microwave   is   light   on   features   but   works   very   well   for   the   functions   it   provides .   it   s   a   very   simple   micowave   that   does   it   s   core   job   well   which   is   exactly   what   i   wanted .   i   didn   t   need   all   of   the   advanced   features ,   cooking   presets   and   auto   options   that   the   more   expensive   microwaves   come   with .   i   installed   the   microwave   in   a   couple   hours   removing   the   old   one   that   didn   t   work   anymore   and   had   a   bag   of   popcorn   right   after ...
dented   in   several   places   the   items   was   shipped   handled   by   ups .   the   microwave   was   bent   in   several   places   on   the   bottom .   it   was   hard   to   tell   if   it   was   that   way   before   packing   or   done   during   shipping .   box   was   damaged   as   well .   had   we   not   been   working   br   on   a   deadline   for   a   house   showing   i   would   have   sent   it   back   for   an   exchange .   but   no   time .   it   appears   work   just   br   fine   and   the   dents   don   t   show   thanks   to   the   shelf   it   was   placed   on .   i   would   expect   a   discount   based   on   the   br   damaged   product   we   had   no   choice   but   to   keep .   i   have   photos   if   needed .
microwave   cavity   paint   i   had   where   and   tear   on   the   bottom   of   my   unit   and   paint   pealing   on   the   top .   i   brushes   it   down   with   a   wire   brush   and   put   several   coats   of   paint   on   it   as   directed .   the   product   worked   great .   the   inside   of   my   microwave   looks   brand   new .
many   great   features ,   beautiful ,   minor   changes   would   be   welcome   major   repair   after   2.5   years !   replaced   older   profile   unit   with   this   one .   some   changes   necessary   for   mounting ,   fortunately ,   the   exhaust   duct   was   in   the   same   position   as   the   older   unit   and   installation   took   about   1   hour .   love   the   larger   cavity   size   and   rotating   table .   helps   to   warm   foods   more   evenly   when   using   microwave .   works   wonderfully   as   microwave   and   as   convection   oven .   saves   us   energy   by   allowing   us   to   bake   many   foods   without   having   to   use   our   stove   s   larger   gas   oven   and   it   works   quickly .   only   two   34   observations   34   we   have   are   1 .   touch   pad   is   very   difficult   to   see   in   normal   light .   attractive   design ,   but   near   impossible   to   read   as   the   gray   typeface   on   black   background   is   horrible   choice .   not   a   big   change   for   ge   to   make ,   surprised   that   engineering   has   not   yet   ordered   such   an   important   and   easy   revision .   this   may   well   be   a   safety   and   or   frustrating   issue   for   some   persons .   see   the   labels   i   ended   up   making   for   the   touch   pad .   see   photo   2 .   the   volume   of   the   beeper   at   loudest   is   barely   audible .   other   than   the   above   two   34   cons   34   we   are   very   happy   with   the   purchase .   good   value !   update   may   2016   first   time   we   used   the   convection   heater   at   400   degrees ,   after   about   5   minutes ,   the   oven   died   was   as   if   a   fuse   had   blown   ge   service   arrived   the   following   day   to   diagnose   the   problem ,   a   blown   thermostat .   estimate   about   300.00   for   parts   and   labor .   considering   this   oven   is   only   ablut   2.5   years   old ,   that   s   far   from   what   our   years   of   ge   products   repair   experience   would   dictate .   shame   on   ge .
good   concept   this   is   a   great   design   concept .   it   gives   you   more   counter   space .   i   was   worried   about   it   making   soup   spill   with   jerky   loading ,   but   i   haven   t   found   that   to   be   a   problem .   br   the   only   reason   that   i   didn   t   give   it   5   stars   is   that   the   interface   is   a   bit   clumsy .   for   pretty   much   everything ,   it   requires   too   many   key   strokes   to   get   it   doing   what   you   want .   it   s   like   the   old   days   of   operating   a   vcr .   way   too   complicated .   it   s   like   you   have   to   keep   the   manual   out   on   the   counter   if   you   want   to   do   anything   other   than   run   if   for   1 ,   2   or   3   minutes .   defrosting   difficult   ..   timer   difficult ...   resetting   the   clock   difficult   br   in   summary   as   long   as   your   key   objective   is   to   get   the   microwave   off   of   the   counter ,   and   you   only   plan   on   using   it   to   reheat   things   at   max   heat ,   then   you   will   love   it .
dangerous   fire   hazzard !   we   used   this   brand   new   microwave   for   3   weeks ,   and   last   night   it   caught   fire   while   we   were   microwaving   food .   br   br   the   food   was   not   burnt ,   or   overcooked .   in   fact   it   still   had   a   minute   more   to   go ,   when   i   noticed   flames   inside ,   at   the   top   fan   assembly   region .   we   were   able   to   put   it   out   with   a   damp   towel ,   but   the   entire   top   section   was   melted   to   reveal   the   electrical   wiring   inside .   br   br   we   googled   to   see   if   anyone   had   a   similar   problem   and   found   the   review   posted   just   a   week   earlier   hear   on   amazon .   this   is   clearly   not   some   random   freak   accident ,   but   a   recurring   problem   with   this   microwave .   br   br   if   you   have   this   microwave ,   do   not   leave   it   unattended   while   microwaving .   if   you   are   considering   purchasing   it ,   please   please   do   not   do   it .
no   issues   purchased   4   11   and   have   not   had   any   issues .   love   the   turn   off   beep   function .   filters   are   not   at   local   home   depot .
worked   for   1.5   years   now   smells   badly   waiting   on   the   call   to   ge   to   tell   what   happened   br   br   just   sad   that   my   3rd   microwave   work   for   about   2   years   on   average
fixed   it .   as   advertised .   easy   to   replace ,   not   really   much   more   to   say ,   bought   a   replacement   part   and   it   worked .   saved   the   money   for   a   new   microwave .
turns   on   by   itself   we   ve   had   a   smh9187   which   search   led   me   here   for   3   years   and   it   s   been   great .   br   br   starting   today   whenever   we   close   the   door   the   microwave   turns   itself   on .   i   see   other   reports   here   and   elsewhere   of   samsung   microwaves   turning   themselves   on .   seems   like   there   should   be   a   recall .   br   br   update   they   sent   a   tech   out   to   replace   the   keypad   and   door   latch   mechanism .   didn   t   solve   it ,   but   a   few   days   later   he   came   back   out   and   replaced   the   door .   so   far   so   good .
another   se   code   broken   microwave   add   us   to   the   long   list   of   dissatisfied   customers .   we   already   replaced   the   board   once ,   and   now ,   a   year   later ,   it   went   out   again ,   suddenly ,   for   no   specific   reason .   we   heated   up   a   bowl   of   chowmein   for   seven   minutes .   .   .   whoopee .   it   s   amazing   that   samsung   would   not   recall   these   microwaves   or   at   least   make   the   replacement   part   reasonably   priced ,   but   it   s   not   worth   buying   the   part ,   even   to   replace   it   yourself .   if   you   choose   to   purchase   this   microwave ,   do   so   with   plans   to   throw   it   away   in   a   year   or   so .   br   br   also ,   be   aware   that   you   have   to   specifically   insist   to   the   rep   that   you   heard   about   the   special   one   time   repair   that   samsung   is   supposedly   doing ,   because   they   are   not   doing   it   on   our   models ,   only   specific   ones .
dead   after   20   months   i   must   prequalify   this   review   with   the   statement   of   fact   that   we   have   4   major   samsung   appliances   or   electronic   devices   in   our   home .   i   have   always   liked   samsung .   br   br   bought   and   installed   this   microwave   in   january   of   2012 .   it   just   died   two   days   ago .   totally   dead ...   no   functionality   whatsoever .   no   lights ,   no   keypad ,   nothing   but   dull ,   silent ,   insolent   non   function .   it   isn   t   my   circuit ,   as   my   oven   also   samsung   shares   the   outlet   and   is   working   fine .   br   br   i   called   samsung ,   and   since   it   is   just   out   of   warranty ,   the   service   call   would   be   125   just   to   look   at   it   parts   and   labor .   on   top   of   that ,   the   first   call   would   be   the   diagnosis ,   and   the   technician   would   not   have   the   parts .   they   would   have   to   reschedule   for   that .   br   br   since   i   have   a   toddler   in   the   house ,   not   having   a   microwave   is   out   of   the   question .   so   the   risk   of   a   200   250   repair   bill   2   weeks   of   being   out   of   commission   basically   means   i   have   to   go   buy   a   new   !   microwave .   br   br   argh .   so   irritating .   do   not   buy .
great   microwave   this   microwave   came   with   my   apartment   mine   is   model   jvm1540dm4ww ,   but   it   looks   identical   to   this   one   ,   and   it   totally   blew   away   my   expectations   of   what   a   good   microwave   should   be .   it   cooks   quickly   and   evenly   everything   takes   about   half   as   long   as   it   did   in   my   old   microwave   ,   the   button   options   are   good   i   use   the   express   cook   buttons   all   the   time   ,   the   bright   and   dim   surface   light   options   are   nice ,   the   shelf   inside   is   pretty   cool   even   though   i   never   cook   that   much   at   once   ,   and   i   think   it   looks   great   in   the   kitchen   the   rest   of   the   kitchen   is   wonderful   white   and   metal   ikeaness   .   it   s   gotten   a   lot   of   use   over   the   past   year ,   and   it   s   still   performing   just   like   new .   i   was   surprised   to   see   the   negative   reviews   here ,   as   i   would   absolutely   buy   another   one   of   these .
good   convection   microwave   functionality   we   used   the   dacor   labelled   version   of   this   aplliance   for   10   years   before   it   gave   out .   found   out   this   is   the   exact   same   appliance   as   the   dacor ,   at   half   the   price .   so   we   ordered   this   one ,   but   returned   it   immediately   because   it   had   dents ,   so   obviously   had   been   dropped ,   and   seemed   to   be   making   a   louder   noise   than   the   old   dacor   when   operating   and   i   was   afraid   it   had   internal   damage .   amazon   was   as   always   good   on   making   full   refund   on   its   return .   i   then   came   across   a   highly   discounted   floor   model   microwave   that   featured   a   400   cfu   exhaust   system   vs   the   300   cfu   exhaust   on   this   product   ,   a   feature   very   important   to   my   wife   who   does   a   lot   of   stir   frying .   the   microwave   i   bought   is   also   1100   watts   vs   850   watts   on   this   one ,   but   i   don   t   know   how   important   an   extra   250   watts   really   is .   850   watts   was   just   fine   for   us   for   10   years .   could   it   be   the   lower   wattage   helped   it   last   so   long   and   the   convection   oven   utility   is   something   we   may   miss   more   than   we   now   think   we   will .   br   anyway   i   think   this   is   a   pretty   good   product ,   particularly   if   you   use   the   convection   function   a   lot .   one   word   of   advice   if   you   buy   this   and   vent   it   to   the   outside ,   remove   the   vent   flap   on   top   of   the   unit   and   install   a   vent   flap   at   the   end   of   the   duct   line .   our   vent   flap   became   loaded   with   grease   and   stuck   in   the   closed   postion .   the   exhaust   then   entered   and   covered   the   wiring   and   internal   parts   with   grease ,   causing   it   to   overheat   and   blow   the   magnitron .   also   be   religious   about   keeping   the   vent   screens   clean .   if   we   had   done   those   things   our   old   dacor   may   have   lasted   who   knows   how   much   longer .   we   considered   repairing   it   but   the   technician   said   there   was   too   much   grease .
love   it   great   small   size ,   looks   good ,   fits   in   a   corner   and   does   not   take   up   a   lot   of   apace ,   and   works   very   well .
cheaply   made   thin   metal   foil   surface   piece   peeled   off   almost   immediately .   glued   back   on ,   but   will   probably   happen   again   in   other   places .   door   is   flimsy   and   bends   easily   so   it   requires   a   careful   and   firm   slam   to   shut   properly   or   the   latch   doesn   t   catch   and   it   won   t   operate .   same   with   closing   after   use ,   or   light   won   t   go   out .   for   the   wear   and   tear ,   i   imagine   that   the   latch   is   what   is   going   to   finally   break   first .   this   is   the   first   truly   disappointing   major   brand   appliance   that   i   have   bought ,   and   it   was   not   the   low   end   model .   we   got   ge   profile   to   match   our   other   kitchen   appliances .   we   will   be   needing   a   new   dishwasher   soon .   this   is   enough   to   make   us   change   brands .
microwave   have   owned   sharps   in   past .   this   fit   perfectly   above   stove .   no   alterations ,   no   fuss   ,   works   great .   looks   great .   would   recomend
exactly   what   i   hoped   it   would   be   i   love   it !   i   have   a   small   kitchen   with   limited   counter   space   and   this   little   microwave   is   exactly   what   i   needed .   it   works   as   well   as   any   other   microwave   i   have   owned .   very   happy !
very   poor   quality   control   at   ge   unit   arrived   looking   like   a   truck   had   run   over   it !   ordered   again   thru   one   of   the   big   box   hardware   chains   and   it   also   arrived   beat   to   heck .   they   say   third   time   is   a   charm .   we   ll   see ...
not   a   good   product   we   just   purchased   a   brand   new   home   towards   the   end   of   april   2013   which   had   this   microwave   installed .   there   was   no   power   in   the   house   until   we   purchased   it   and   we   have   already   had   the   se   error   code   twice   now .   even   though   the   item   was   never   used   prior   to   april   it   is   considered   out   of   warranty   because   it   was   purchased   in   2011 .   one   of   the   reasons   we   picked   this   house   was   because   of   the   brand   new   appliances .   samsung   really   blew   it   on   this   one .   when   we   finally   get   the   to   replace   this   it   will   be   with   frigidaire .   at   least   those   still   work   in   my   home ...
pretty   good   so   far .   .   .   after   having   read   reviews   for   more   expensive   upmarket   brand   microwaves   like   lg   and   panasonic ,   we   went   to   our   local   canadian   wal   mart   to   see   what   they   had .   br   br   the   first   thing   i   noticed   about   this   one   is   that   it   is   completely   stainless   steel   front   and   back   outside   and   inside   all   around .   it   looks   like   a   professional   food   service   microwave .   to   me ,   the   stainless   steel   interior   is   easier   to   clean   than   a   white   painted   one .   br   br   we   have   heard   that   microwave   ovens   don   t   last   like   they   used   to   we   have   one   low   quality   unbranded   otr   one   in   a   mobile   home   at   the   moment   which   was   new   in   1995   still   working   as   well   as   it   ever   did ,   and   another   lg   900   watt   in   an   rv   from   2004 ,   also   a   good   runner   at   this   writing ,   july   2013   .   br   br   we   didn   t   want   to   spend   a   lot   of   money   if   the   microwave   was   only   going   to   last   a   couple   of   years .   well ,   with   this   danby ,   we   have   a   two   year   replacement   warranty .   if   it   dies   before   its   time ,   we   either   get   a   new   one   or   a   refund   of   the   money   we   spent   on   this   one .   fair   enough ,   i   thought .   br   br   there   are   not   a   lot   of   features   here   and   it   isn   t   super   powerful .   certainly   adequate   but   our   lg   900   watt   heats   things   up   a   bit   faster   and   has   more   useful   programs   like   casserole   re   heat   with   4   levels   and   programs   for   either   fresh   or   frozen   vegetables   with   different   quantities .   br   br   the   danby   reheat   button   has   only   3   minutes   no   other   options .   for   most   cooking   reheating   you   have   to   punch   in   the   time   you   guess   is   about   right   manually .   br   br   considering   the   price   100   canadian   plus   sales   tax   and   the   two   year   replacement   warranty   10   from   wal   mart   ,   we   are   pretty   well   pleased   with   this   so   far .   we   have   never   had   a   countertop   microwave   as   big   as   this   one   so   we   had   to   get   used   to   all   the   acreage   it   takes   up .   we   might   have   considered   an   otr   but   this   condo   kitchen   has   no   range   hood   at   the   moment .
cutest   microwave   ever   i   receive   so   many   compliments   about   this   cutie   in   our   second   kitchen .   we   have   little   counterspace   in   the   area   and   this   is   worth   every   penny ,   works   great ,   and   a   spectacular   space   saver .   highly   recommended .
microwave   packaging   was   not   strong   enough   the   microwave   was   dented   when   removed   from   packaging .   since   the   dent   was   in   the   back   and   didn   t   interfere   with   installation ,   i   didn   t   send   it   back .
do   not   buy   a   samsung   similar   to   many   other   reviewers ,   we   were   happy   with   our   purchase   until   the   se   error   appeared .   the   microwave   lasted   for   3   years   without   a   problem ,   but   suddenly   tonight   while   using   the   stove ,   the   microwave   gave   the   error   message .   we   tried   to   troubleshoot   the   problem ,   but   nothing   worked .   br   br   i   called   samsung   to   report   the   problem ,   and   they   are   sending   out   someone   to   repair   the   control   panel   free   of   charge .   because   of   the   negative   reviews ,   they   do   have   a   special   warranty   on   this   part   of   the   unit   since   it   is   such   a   common   problem .   despite   their   helpful   customer   service ,   i   would   not   purchase   this   samsung   microwave   unless   you   eventually   want   to   have   to   replace   a   faulty   control   panel .
nice   a   little   bulkier   than   i   expected .   bigger   than   the   old   one   i   got   in   the   1990   s   but   fits   on   the   counter
fire   prone   don   t   buy ! ! ! !   our   old   version   of   the   ge   profile   caught   fire   while   heating   up   something .   fortunately   our   8   yr .   old   son   was   in   the   room   and   was   able   to   get   my   husband   s   attention   before   it   escalated .   however ,   while   trying   to   replace   our   microwave ,   we   found   that   the   only   item   we   could   replace   it   with   was   a   ge   microwave ,   either   the   profile   which   is   the   downgraded   version   of   our   former   product   or   a   ge   monogram   the   exact   same   unit   as   our   old   profile   with   a   different   name   and   much   higher   pricetag   .   ge   s   response   was   to   replace   the   item   with   the   lower   level   model   profile   which   we   originally   tried   to   replace   it   with   but   was   falling   apart   after   a   couple   of   uses   .   in   order   to   get   the   exact   same   microwave   now   called   the   monogram   we   had   to   pay   an   additional   335   for   the   upgrade .   getting   the   microwave   delivered   in   a   timely   and   convenient   fashion   was   another   debacle .   sadly ,   we   are   stuck   using   this   ge   product   because   our   cabinets   were   built   around   the   original ,   and   nothing   else   will   fit .
ge   cafe   microwave   doesn   t   last   i   chose   this   microwave   to   go   along   with   the   ge   cafe   range   i   purchased   at   the   same   time .   i   read   multiple   poor   reviews   of   this   microwave   online ,   but   decided   to   risk   it   because   i   wanted   the   microwave   to   match   the   range .   bad   choice !   after   owning   the   microwave   just   over   a   year ,   the   magnetron   konked   out .   luckily ,   that   particular   part   was   covered   under   a   5   year   warranty ,   but   i   still   paid   nearly   200   for   labor .   now ,   just   a   couple   of   years   later ,   the   touchpad   has   expired   and   will   need   to   be   replaced .   the   service   department   tells   me   this   repair   will   be   a   minimum   of   250 .   touchpads   start   at   150 .   br   br   i   have   never   had   so   many   problems   with   an   appliance .   the   refrigerator   i   bought   at   the   same   time   has   never   required   service .   the   washer   and   dryer   i   bought   nearly   ten   years   earlier   have   only   once   required   service .   yet   this   microwave   has   required   two   expensive   repairs   within   just   a   few   years   of   purchase .   before   i   bought   this   ge   cafe   microwave ,   i   had   a   cheap ,   unremarkable   countertop   model .   i   don   t   even   remember   the   brand .   but   it   was   still   working   when   i   upgraded   to   the   ge   cafe ,   so   even   though   it   was   nearly   20   years   old   i   was   able   to   pass   it   on   it   to   a   neighbor   whose   child   was   starting   college .   at   this   point ,   i   wish   i   d   kept   the   old   one !   i   will   never   buy   ge   cafe   again .
terrible   customer   service   30   restocking   fee   we   purchased   this   microwave ,   and   then   realized   that   2   cu   ft .   is   way   too   big   for   a   family   of   three .   we   hoped   to   exchange   it   for   a   smaller   one .   br   br   sharp   told   us   that   we   were   responsible   for   shipping   fair   enough   ,   but   also   that   we   would   have   to   pay   a   30   restocking   fee .   br   br   this   is   absurd .   who   s   ever   heard   of   a   30   restocking   fee   we   never   even   removed   this   from   the   cardboard   box   we   simply   opened   the   top ,   and   then   re   closed   it .   30   seems   like   usury   to   me .   frankly ,   i   can   t   believe   amazon   would   allow   a   merchant   to   charge   a   30   restocking   fee .   i   m   positive   their   cost   of   goods   sold   isn   t   much   more   than   30   ...   what   are   they   doing ,   just   trashing   returns   br   br   anyway ,   even   if   i   were   going   to   buy   a   sharp   microwave   again ,   i   certainly   wouldn   t   buy   it   here ,   and   reward   these   unfair   business   practices .   br   br   we   own   a   business ,   and   we   expect   to   be   treated   as   consumers ,   the   same   way   we   treat   our   customers ..   that   simply   isn   t   happening   here .
unique   microwave   fits   very   nicely   in   a   corner   spot   and   doesn   t   take   up   much   room   which   is   nice   when   you   do   not   have   much   counterspace
that   beeping   microwave   my   samsung   microwave   worked   fine   until   recently .   it   beeps !   it   even   starts   beeping   in   the   middle   of   the   night .   i   ve   unplugged   and   reset   clock   several   times .   now   i   have   to   unplug   it   after   every   use ,   and   reset   to   use   again .   samsung   online   representative   says   if   resetting   doesn   t   work   he   would   send   a   serviceman .   that   would   probably   cost   more   than   a   new   microwave .   i   ll   be   searching   for   an   new   one ....... definitely   not   a   samsung !
turntable   this   was   exactly   the   one   i   needed   i   wasn   t   sure   i   would   be   able   to   find   the   one   i   needed   but   i   did   and   loved   the   fact   i   received   it   sooner   than   expected
perfect   for   a   small   kitchen   fits   in   the   corner   under   upper   cabinets   perfectly .   only   750   watts ,   but   just   fine   for   reheating   left   overs ,   etc .   i   like   that   the   34   controls   34   are   under   the   door ,   so   that   the   turntable   sits   a   little   higher .   also ,   something   sitting   in   front   of   the   microwave   does   not   have   to   be   moved   before   opening   the   microwave ,   as   the   door   opens   a   few   inches   above   the   counter   top .   i   have   only   had   the   microwave   for   a   month ,   but   no   problems   at   all .   i   am   very   happy   with   my   purchase .
works   great   for   us   this   microwave   has   many   good   features   and   fit   great   into   our   over   the   counter   space   in   our   kitchen .   it   was   easy   to   install   and   has   been   very   reliable .   ge   makes   good   products ,   but   don   t   expect   it   to   last   forever .   we   replaced   our   old   ge   microwave   that   had   lasted   only   about   7   years   with   this   one .   the   primary   reason   i   bought   another   ge   spacemaker   was   due   to   the   size   configuration   that   matched   our   old   microwave .   i   did   not   want   to   have   to   replace   my   cabinets   to   have   a   different   sized   microwave !
looks   fantastic   and   it   works   great !   while   redoing   our   kitchen ,   i   discovered   this   microwave   and   i   love   it !   i   was   concerned   about   lack   of   a   turntable   but   after   a   month   of   use ,   i   have   founds   foods   to   be   heated   evenly .   the   popcorn   button   works   great   and   i   love   how   easy   it   is   to   program   things   like   defrost ,   melt   butter ,   warm   syrup ,   beverages ,   etc ...   most   of   all ,   i   am   thrilled   to   have   the   microwave   off   the   counter   and   the   drawer   style   is   a   must   when   mounting   in   a   base   cabinet .
don   t   waste   your   money   on   ge   cafe   poor   quality   we   bought   ge   cafe   appliances   for   our   remodel   and   have   had   nothing   but   problems .   out   of   4   separate   kitchen   appliances ,   3   have   had   problems   within   2   to   3   years   of   ownership .   the   ge   cafe   microwave   suddenly   stopped   heating   and   we   had   to   have   a   repairman   come   replace   the   magnetron   and   diode .   it   worked   a   few   weeks   but   stopped   working   again .   then   we   found   out   it   costs   more   to   repair   than   to   buy   a   new   one .   we   traced   a   workaround   to   the   problem   ourselves   and   found   that   the   microwave   works   as   long   as   we   turn   on   the   stove   exhaust   fan .   so   now ,   every   time   we   use   our   microwave ,   you   need   to   turn   on   the   exhaust   fan .   nice !   numerous   other   reviews   have   complained   about   the   keypad   burning   out   as   well ,   so   if   you   buy ,   make   sure   to   buy   a   long   term   multi   year   warranty .   our   ge   failures   happened   shortly   after   the   1   year   warranty   expired ,   and   parts   labor   for   most   repairs   adds   up   to   the   purchase   of   a   new   appliance .
sharp   r   1874   1.1   cubic   foot   850   watt   over   the   range   convection   microwave , ...   we   gave   this   to   my   daughter   for   her   birthday .   her   husband   installed   it   over   their   range .   she   loves   the   convenience   of   both   another   oven   and   the   option   of   a   microwave .   the   convection   is   large   enough   for   a   big   baked   chicken .
best   decision   we   were   reluctant   to   spend   so   much   on   a   microwave   as   we   are   not   big   microwave   users   but   we   absolutely   love   this   and   are   glad   we   splurged .   it   defrosts   without   cooking ,   won   t   burn   popcorn ,   can   soften   butter   without   melting ,   and   of   course   looks   amazing .   its   easy   to   clean   and   was   pretty   easy   to   install .   if   i   had   to   come   up   with   a   shortfall   there   is   a   height   limit   so   forget   tall   items   like   those   rice   express   packages .   still   worth   it   and   would   still   recommend   it .
very ,   very   happy   with   this .   i   got   this   microwave   yesterday   and   i   ve   been   smiling   about   it   ever   since .   i   just   love   how   it   looks   in   the   corner   of   my   kitchen .   the   only   negative   to   me   is   that   it   s   kind   of   expensive   for   a   small   microwave ,   but   what   was   the   last   thing   you   bought   for   your   kitchen   that   just   made   you   happy   since   the   only   con   i   can   think   of   is   the   price ,   i   ll   just   run   through   the   pros   as   i   see   them .   br   1 .   it   s   unique .   every   other   microwave   i   ve   ever   seen   with   the   exception   of   the   sharp   half   pint   looks   pretty   much   the   same   a   horizontal   rectangle   with   a   door   and   a   keypad   control   panel   to   the   right .   the   bottom   controls   and   lack   of   numeric   pad   make   this   thing   look   entirely   different ,   and   in   a   good   way .   don   t   worry   about   the   lack   of   a   keypad ,   the   controls   are   a   no   brainer .   when   you   unbox   it   and   see   the   rounded   back ,   you   know   you   ve   bought   something   different   from   the   norm .   br   2 .   it   s   big   inside .   bigger   than   my   old   ge   compact   for   round   things ,   and   i   ve   just   never   had   the   urge   to   throw   a   9x13   pan   in   my   microwave .   i   have   yet   to   try   it   with   popcorn ,   manual   says   limit   it   to   the   1.75   ounce   size .   br   3 .   it   s   powerful .   1   30   on   high   heats   up   a   cup   of   water   better   than   my   old   one .   good   enough   for   me .   br   4 .   the   led   display   is   blue .   very   cool ,   in   my   opinion .   br   5 .   the   interior   light   goes   on   when   you   open   the   door .   some   small   microwaves   only   light   up   while   you   re   cooking .   br   6 .   you   can   use   the   timer   and   cook   simultaneously .   pretty   standard ,   but   some   don   t .   also ,   you   can   adjust   the   timer   and   the   cook   time   on   the   fly   by   hitting   or   ,   no   need   to   stop   and   reset .   and   you   can   toggle   between   the   timer   and   the   clock   if   you   want .   br   7 .   no   door   release   button .   you   just   grab   the   recessed   edge   of   the   door   and   pull .   and   it   feels   solid   when   you   shut   it .   br   8 .   the   reminder   tone   shuts   off .   yes ,   it   reminds   you   when   you   forget   to   pull   something   out ,   but   it   shuts   up   after   three   reminders   and   reverts   to   the   clock .   i   swear   my   old   microwave   displayed   end   most   of   the   time .   br   9 .   limited   features . the   only   special   features   are   defrost ,   reheat ,   popcorn ,   and   power   level   100   ,   75   ,   50   ,   25   ,   and   the   power   saving   0   .   i   ve   never   used   anything   more .   br   10 .   i   m   running   out   of   ideas ,   but   to   make   a   nice   round   10 ,   i   ll   point   out   that   the   door   is   about   two   inches   thick   with   a   space   between   an   inner   and   outer   window .   this   gives   it   a   kind   of   window   box   look   that   i   like   a   lot .   br   hope   this   helps   convince   everybody   to   pull   the   trigger   and   buy   this   microwave .   you   won   t   regret   it !   br   note   the   display   panel   comes   covered   in   a   clear   plastic   film   that   is   pretty   easy   to   miss   when   you   re   unpacking .   i   didn   t   see   it   and   was   highly   alarmed   after   a   couple   of   days   when   the   start   button   started   to   look   and   feel   cracked !   further   investigation   revealed   the   protective   film ,   which   easily   peeled   off   to   reveal   a   pristine   panel   underneath .
don   t   buy   my   husband   and   i   purchased   this   on   5   27   13   ....   the   product   has   never   worked .   i   have   been   calling   samsung   for   weeks   and   still   the   product   doesn   t   work .   samsung   has   the   worst   customer   service   i   have   ever   delt   with .   i   am   just   trying   to   get   a   refund   at   this   point .   i   ask   that   they   come   and   get   it   because ,   i   already   paid   to   have   it   installed .   ...   i   don   t   think   i   should   have   to   pay   to   have   taken   out   too .   they   said   they   will   not   send   anyone   and   if   i   want   a   refund   i   have   to   send   the   plug   and   serial   number   .   again ...   just   come   and   get   it .   product   is   bad   but   the   company   is   awful .   bbb   rating   for   samsung   appliances   is   an   f   wish   i   knew   that   before
microwave   paint   peeling   i   have   a   general   electric   microwave   model   pem31sm4ss   manufactured   november   of   2011   in   maylasia   and   it   is   peeling   on   the   interior   across   the   rear   top .   i   replaced   the   previous   unit   because   of   the   same   problem .   it   also   was   relatively   new   at   the   time .   about   two   years .   painting   seems   to   be   the   option   offered   for   repair .   maybe   general   electric   should   include   a   can   of   paint   and   brush   with   their   microwave   ovens .   i   will   purchase   a   new   one   this   week   but   not   ge
looks   nice ,   seems   to   work   well ,   but   needs   to   be   modified   before   installation   none   available .
replaced   previous   version   we   ordered   this   to   replace   the   previous   version .   style   is   slightly   different .   it   does   not   seem   as   sturdy   as   the   last   one   and   it   didn   t   last   as   long   we   would   have   expected   a   semi   premium   appliance   line   to   last .   we   use   it   as   built   in ,   which   was   fine   for   the   first   one ,   but   this   door   is   not   conducive   to   built   in   configurations .   the   new   black   trim   is   okay .   so   far   it   works   fine .
obviously   a   widespread   defect   at   first   we   loved   this   microwave   drawer   and   it   seemed   to   do   the   core   job   of   heating   food   just   fine .   then   just   over   a   year   after   the   purchase   date   when   the   builder   bought   all   the   appliances   the   unit   died .   no   signs   of   life   at   all .   it   had   been   in   use   for   3   4   months   in   total .   microwaves   have   been   around   for   a   long   time   and   most   are   pretty   much   bulletproof .   not   this   one .   reading   the   reviews   it   is   obvious   that   sharp   has   built   a   flawed   product   and   is   not   standing   behind   it .   i   have   called   them   twice   and   asked   about   a   product   recall ,   and   if   they   were   going   to   escalate   the   product   defect   issues   to   their   development   team .   no   response .   it   s   obvious   that   their   customer   service   teams   do   not   close   the   loop   and   provide   feedback   to   their   engineering   and   business   teams .   for   this   price ,   this   is   an   unbelievable   rip   off .   yes   it   looks   great ,   but   it   doesn   t   work   much   more   than   a   year .   now   we   re   stuck ,   with   the   prospect   of   paying   for   service ,   and   then   waiting   until   it   breaks   again .   since   this   is   likely   a   low   volume   unit ,   the   number   of   consumer   complaints   won   t   be   adequate   to   force   sharp   to   own   up   to   the   obvious   quality   issues .
more   than   i   expected   many   more   features   than   advertised .   reading   the   manual   is   highly   advised   to   get   the   most   out   of   this   product .   it   even   has   an   automatic   fan   function   for   over   a   range   use   if   there   s   too   much   heat   buid   up .
really   great   great   little   microwave .   it   s   the   perfect   size .   it   s   a   little   underpowered ,   so   a   add   30   secs   to   most   cooking   times .   br   small   footprint   and   looks   great   in   the   kitchen .
perfect   fit   i   got   this   to   save   counterspace   and   the   fact   i   only   use   the   microwave   for   reheating   small   meals   and   popcorn .   it   performs   these   functions   perfectly .   it   may   not   have   the   most   power   but   if   another   30   60   seconds   of   reheating   time   is   going   to   throw   your   day   off ,   you   have   bigger   problems   than   this   microwave .
best   microwave   that   i   ve   owned   i   needed   a   smaller   sized   microwave   to   fit   on   my   kitchen   counter   top ,   and   i   couldn   t   find   anything   smaller   than   a   0.7   cu .   ft .   in   any   store .   since   this   one   had   so   many   good   reviews ,   i   decided   to   give   it   a   try .   it   not   only   fits   perfectly   on   my   tiny   kitchen   counter ,   but   it   is   also   the   best   microwave   i   ve   ever   owned .   it   fits   regular   sized   dinner   plates   so   it   s   the   perfect   size ,   and   it   heats   up   very   quickly .   i   would   recommend   this   to   anyone   especially   if   you   have   a   small   kitchen .
love   it   but .....   purchased   this   about   a   month   ago   and   am   now   on   3   which   will   be   returned   too .   the   panel   around   the   button   to   open   the   micro   continues   to   come   off .   also ,   it   takes   at   least   two   pushes   to   get   the   door   open   with   fairly   forceful   attempts .   it   s   really   a   shame   because   it   works   well   otherwise   and   fits   perfectly   in   our   new   kitchen .
buyer   beware   we   purchased   this   microwave   in   oct   2011   and   it   stopped   heating   in   june   2013 .   the   defective   part   is   the   magnetron .   the   magnetron   has   a   5   year   warranty   but   it   will   cost   90   and   3   days   for   ge   to   come   to   my   home   to   confirm   that   is   the   problem .   then   i   am   told   i   can   expect   to   pay   another   250   300   for   the   labor   for   them   to   come   back   out   and   replace   the   magnetron ,   no   idea   how   long   that   will   take .   fighting   with   ge   at   the   moment   to   have   the   part   shipped   to   my   local   repair   man   who   said   he   would   replace   for   99   total .   warranty   information   does   not   say   anything   about   it   having   to   be   replace   by   a   ge   tech .   br   br   we   bought   all   new   ge   appliances   in   october   2011   and   so   far   we   have   had   to   have   the   fridge   and   now   the   microwave   repaired   in   the   first   2   years .   i   guess   we   still   have   the   range   and   dishwasher   to   look   forward   to   fixing .   br   i   thought   ge   was   a   good   company   but   experience   has   cleared   things   up .
get   a   commercial   grade   microwave   started   making   a   buzzing   arcing   sound   this   morning .   opened   door ,   smelled   burning   electronics ,   unplugged   for   30   minutes ,   tried   again   with   nothing   inside ,   same   result .   dead ,   going   to   recycling .   getting   a   panasonic   commercial   grade   microwave   instead   all   residential   microwaves   seem   to   have   reliability   issues .
don   t   buy !   terrible   microwave .   second   unit   has   failed .   we   bought   all   new   samsung   appliance   for   our   new   home .   the   microwave   and   refrigerator   have   had   to   be   repaired .   the   microwave   started   leaking   microwaves   and   burned   the   inside   lip   of   the   unit   and   on   the   inside   of   the   door ,   burning   the   paint .   samsung   replaced   the   unit   after   it   was   seen   by   an   appliance   repairman   and   photos   were   uploaded   to   them .   my   replacement   unit   just   died   for   no   reason .   i   checked   the   outlet ,   breaker   and   plug   all   fine .   i   have   to   wait   another   week   before   the   appliance   repairman   can   come   out   and   tell   me   i   ll   have   to   wait   another   2   weeks   for   a   new   unit   to   arrive .   then ,   i   ll   have   to   pay   for   it   to   be   installed   again .
round   and   round   perfect   fit   for   a   tiny   counter   space .   looks   great   and   does   small   reheats   well .   interior   space   is   not   huge   but   fits   a   dinner   plate   snugly
high   decibel   although   i   did   not   buy   this   microwave   on   line ,   i   feel   the   need   to   warn   potential   buyers .   caveat   emptor .   br   unless   you   really   like   loud   appliances ,   do   not   buy   this   one .   it   sounds   like   a   jet   about   to   take   off .   i   expected   it   to   sound   like   a   normal   microwave .   not ,   a   747 .   one   may   think   i   am   making   a   mountain   out   of   a   molehill ,   but   i   am   hard   of   hearing   and   it   is   still   loud   to   me .   i   can   only   imagine   what   it   sounds   like   to   one   with   normal   hearing .   nuff   said .
small ,   but   so   great .   this   little   microwave   fits   into   the   corner .   we   have   limited   counter   space   and   switching   to   this   mircrowave   give   us   back   so   much   room   without   losing   the   convenience .   if   you   cook   in   your   microwave   it   won   t   hold   a   9x12   baker ,   so   keep   that   in   mind   when   deciding .
awesome   microwave !   this   is   perfect   for   one   plate !   it   nice   to   have   a   microwave   big   enough   to   cook   a   turkey ,   but   honesty ,   who   ever   cooked   a   turkey   in   a   microwave   this   is   perfect   and   the   round   design   means   it   fits   a   plate   in   a   very   small   space !   i   got   one   for   my   mom ,   too ,   and   she   loves   it !   she   finally   threw   out   her   old   huge   microwave   and   reclaimed   counter   space !   my   only   wish   would   be   that   it   was   a   full   1000   watts   it   s   750   just   so   it   would   match   the   cook   times   on   most   microwave   meals   and   recipes .
failed   after   two   years   from   range   steam   heat   i   did   not   buy   this   here   but   from   the   store   with   the   blue   shirt   associates   my   model   is   smh9187 ,   which   is   similar   to   this   one .   this   was   installed   by   my   contractor   during   a   complete   kitchen   remodel   and   looked   great   above   the   samsung   range .   after   about   2   years ,   i   got   what   all   those   1   star   raters   got ,   a   sudden   incessant   beeping   that   you   could   not   reset   or   turn   off ,   other   than   through   unplugging   the   appliance .   i   tried   turning   off   the   main   power ,   etc .   but   nothing   worked   in   fact ,   the   error   message   and   beeping   became   continuous .   br   br   friends   of   mine   have   had   the   same   model   for   over   three   years   and   they   have   not   had   this   problem .   why   because   i   cook   a   lot   of   steamed   food   rice ,   pasta ,   vegetables   and   they   do   not .   i   m   sure   the   heat   and   steam   from   the   range   top   has ,   as   others   have   noted ,   damaged   the   circuit   board .   the   keypad   is   over   the   right   back   burner ,   and   even   if   i   use   any   of   the   front   burners ,   the   steam   will   cover   the   entire   front   of   the   microwave   this   happens   even   with   the   fan   at   full   blast .   there   is   always   a   film   of   condensation   over   the   bottom   half   of   the   microwave .
choose   panasonic   instead   door   doesn   t   always   close   right   and   although   it   is   practically   new ,   it   sounds   like   it   is   dying .   would   not   purchase   again !
very   pleased   with   product   we   purchased   and   installed   the   drawer   oven   in   august   2010 ,   while   doing   a   remodel   in   our   kitchen .   it   was   a   more   expensive   option ,   but   it   fit   perfectly   in   a   location   between   our   fridge   and   sink   area ,   and   maintained   the   contour   of   the   kitchen   we   were   seeking .   we   use   it   at   least   two   or   three   times   a   day ,   and   have   been   very   pleased   with   its   performance ,   and   we   have   not   had   any   problems   with   it .   it   does   not   have   a   turntable   however ,   our   experience   is   it   does   the   job   just   as   well .   it   is   easy   to   get   to   and   easy   to   clean .   it   does   not   have   a   huge   interior ,   so   if   you   have   plans   to   microwave   tall   items ,   check   the   dimensions   first   so   that   you   are   not   surprised   by   that .   overall ,   we   have   found   it   to   be   a   very   nice   addition   to   our   kitchen ,   and   would   purchase   one   again .
4   2016   update   3   yr   lifespan .   nice   small   microwave   i   loved   this   microwave   s   size   and   shape   but   in   the   last   month   4   2016   i   had   two   sparking   incidents ,   luckily   i   was   in   the   kitchen   and   got   it   unplugged   quickly .   i   just   threw   it   out .   today   i   was   looking   online   to   see   when   i   bought   it   april   2013   and   if   anyone   else   had   reported   similar   issues .   i   see   that   there   are   similar   reviews   so   don   t   think   ill   buy   another   even   tho   i   like   the   size   and   shape .   updated   4   2016   it   was   hard   to   find   a   small   microwave   that   didnt   look   cheap ,   this   looks   nice   and   works   great ,   a   keeper
truck   driver   it   worked   great   at   home .   but   we   got   it   for   our   truck .   but   our   1500   watt   inverter   can   t   run   it .   so   it   fit   great   in   the   freightliner   truck .   but   u   gotta   have   a   bigger   inverter .
worked   for   1   month   i   loved   the   small   size   of   this   microwave ,   but   the   power   was   lacking .   furthermore ,   after   we   had   this   unit   for   1   month ,   it   would   not   cook   anything   longer   than   2   minutes .   the   light   would   remain   on   and   the   turntable   would   continue   to   spin ,   but   the   motor   would   just   shut   off   and   cease   cooking .   we   returned   this   product .
works   as   promised   same   model   that   we   had   before   with   some   cosmetic   changes .   the   old   one   died   after   6   years .   reviews   placed   it   at   over   160   for   repair .   bought   the   old   one   because   it   fits   on   shelf   over   the   stove .   bought   the   new   one   for   the   same   reason .   hope   we   get   at   least   6   years   out   of   it .
pretty   good   for   a   little   guy !   the   only   thing   i   would   chande   is   the   push   handle .   sometimes   it   diesn   t   work   the   first   time   and   it   feels   like   it   sticks .   otherwise ,   a   good   product   and   good   value .
microwave   is   great   but .....   i   found   it   cheaper   at   lowe   s   by   150.00 .   too   late   now ,   it   s   too   cumbersome   to   return .   br   it   pays   to   shop   around .
stopped   working   after   15   just   months !   we   bought   this   microwave   cause   it   matched   the   ge   profile   range   we   had   purchased   previously .   it   looks   great !   br   however ,   after   less   than   2   months   of   use ,   we   had   to   replace   the   over   the   range   light   bulbs   which   is   apparently   a   common   issue   from   the   reviews   on   the   ge   website .   worked   fine   for   a   year   after   that .   last   week   we   had   an   issue   where   the   microwave   started   beeping   to   notify   us   that   there   was   an   issue   with   the   keypad .   turning   the   power   saver   off   and   on   cleared   the   message ,   and   we   continued   to   use   it   uninterrupted   for   another   week   until   yesterday .   after   heating   lunch ,   i   tried   to   warm   a   bottle   of   milk   in   this   microwave .   after   30   seconds   it   was   still   cold ,   so   i   tried   again .   at   that   point   the   microwave   filled   with   smoke   and   the   kitchen   started   to   smell   like   something   was   burning .   we   were   told   by   the   sales   guy   at   the   store   that   it   is   the   magnatron   that   went   which   is   covered   under   warranty ,   but   the   labor   is   not   not   to   mention   the   99   just   to   have   the   ge   repair   guy   come   to   my   house .   it   sounds   like   something   i   wouldn   t   trust   to   be   repaired .   br   i   definitely   do   not   recommend   this   product !
i   luv   this   microwave   this   is   the   perfect   sized   microwave   for   my   kitchen .   the   domed   shape   works   great   on   my   smaller   counter   top .   would   recommend   it !
not   pleased   first   time   around   i   ll   try   a   second   time   my   wife   wanted   a   smaller   microwave   for   the   counter   top .   this   was   perfect   at   least   for   28   days .   br   br   on   the   28th   day   all   the   controls   appeared   to   work   but   the   unit   no   longer   heated .   br   br   amazon   s   return   policy   was   to   issue   a   refund   i   wanted   it   fixed   so   i   contacted   whirlpool   directly .   they   stated   the   product   had   a   full   replacement   guarantee   for   12   months   and   that   i   would   receive   a   call   within   48   hours   on   how   to   get   the   unit   fixed   or   replaced .   br   br   it   s   now   one   week   later   no   response   from   whirlpool   and   i   can   no   longer   get   a   response   from   them   regarding   the   commitment   they   made   me   a   week   ago .   br   br   i   decided   to   contact   amazon   about   the   issue .   amazon   is   sending   me   a   return   label   and   issuing   a   refund .   i   should   have   done   this   in   the   first   place   and   never   bothered   with   whirlpool   .   br   br   i   just   ordered   my   second   unit   from   amazon   i   m   hoping   this   one   will   last   longer   than   28   days .   br   br   i   would   give   the   unit   5   stars   if   it   had   not   failed   now   only   3 .   if   the   second   one   fails   i   ll   drop   it   to   1   or   zero   stars .   br   br   i   give   amazon   5   stars   for   service   on   this   item .   br   br   joe
great   prowerful   microwave   i   have   benn   using   this   mivrowave   for   about   a   month   now   and   it   is   great .   it   is   easy   to   use   and   powerful   when   cooking   a   microwave   meal   and   the   packing   tell   you   to   put   in   in   for   3   min .   and   30   sconds .   your   meal   will   come   out   nice   and   hot .   this   microwave   is   munch   beatter   then   the   lg   one   i   had .   any   one   looking   for   a   good   microwave   should   look   in   to   this   one .   don   t   belive   the   bad   reviews .   because   i   have   had   this   microwave   for   a   month   now   and   i   have   had   no   problems   with   it .   i   got   my   microwave   from   home   depot .
great   product !   love   that   it   is   off   the   counter ,   large ,   and   works   well .   i   originally   bought   this   microwave   6   years   ago   with   absolutely   no   problems .   an   electric   failure   in   the   house   caused   us   to   have   to   replace   it ,   and   without   question ,   we   bought   the   same   one .
a   great   microwave   i   have   owned   this   microwave   for   2   years   and   have   never   had   a   problem   with   it . i   use   it   daily   for   cooking   and   warming   food .   i   would   buy   this   same   unit   again .   it   works   great . i   don   t   understand   all   the   bad   reviews   this   sharp   was   a   good   product . i   don   t   understand   where   people   say   it   has   a   loud   noise   while   it   runs   i   have   had   a   few   different   microwaves   and   the   motor   sounds   alike   on   every   unit   i   had . my   sharp   sits   on   my   counter   near   the   stove   and   it   has   a   really   nice   appearence   to   it . i   am   very   happy   with   this   sharp   microwave .
utter   piece   of   junk   i   bought   this   ge   microwave   yesterday   but   not   from   amazon ,   from   best   buy   only   because   i   needed   it   right   away   .   i   unpacked   the   box   and   set   it   up .   it   would   not   work   at   all   the   display   continually   says   door   despite   multiple   clearing   steps ,   resets ,   unplug   plug   in ,   etc .   .   this   display   error   message   is   not   even   addressed   in   the   manual .   i   spent   30   minutes   of   my   first   day   of   ownership   on   the   phone   with   ge   support .   the   answer   from   them   was   obvious   sorry ,   the   door   safety   switch   must   not   work   properly .   they   gave   all   the   usual   excuses ,   sorry   sorry   sorry ,   please   arrange   for   us   to   service   it   or   repack   it   and   drive   it   back   to   the   store .   nice   job   ge   an   american   name   product   and   customer   service   at   its   finest ,   and   you   wonder   why   people   buy   alternative   asian   name   products .   best   buy   should   stop   stocking   ge   products   if   this   is   ge   s   idea   of   quality   control .   don   t   they   check   that   products   work   when   switched   on   before   final   packaging   i   should   not   have   to   drive   all   the   way   back   to   the   store .   ge   is   wasting   my   time .   br   br   even   more   interesting   i   gave   a   negative   one   star   review   of   the   microwave   on   the   ge   customer   review   section   and   their   verification   department   that   controls   what   is   said   on   their   website   about   their   products ,   rejected   my   commentary .   they   have ,   however ,   allowed   14   reviews   ranging   from   3   to   5   stars .   here   is   the   text   of   their   rejection   email   to   me   br   br   we   appreciate   you   taking   the   time   to   write   a   review   on   jes0736spss   however ,   your   review   did   not   meet   the   guidelines   for   posting   on   our   site .   br   we   encourage   you   to   revisit   our   guidelines   and   resubmit   your   review   on   jes0736spss   br   br   i   then   read   the   ge   guidelines ,   and   nothing   in   my   submission   contravened   the   commentary   guidelines   it   just   happens   to   be   a   one   star   review   from   a   very   unhappy   customer .   ge   does   not   like   criticism .   this   experience   has   further   reaching   effects   i   am   also   looking   at   buying   a   new   high   end   kitchen   refrigerator   ge   was   on   my   list ,   but   no   longer .
just   what   i   needed !   a   similar   model   that   we   got   when   we   bought   our   home   6   years   ago   died   and   we   needed   the   exact   sized   model   to   replace   it   because   the   old   model   was   built   into   a   non   adjustable   shelve   frame   above   the   counter   top .   searched   websites   and   found   what   i   wanted .   then   searched   amazon   and   found   one   with   the   best   price   abe   s   of   maine   !   quick   delivery   and   the   packaging   crating   was   extraordinary .   would   buy   product   again ,   and   would   buy   from   abe   s   of   maine   again !
great   for   small   spaces   i   bought   this   microwave   for   my   first   apartment   which   has   extremely   limited   counter   space .   this   tucks   nicely   in   the   corner   that   typically   isn   t   usable   space   and   allows   me   to   still   have   enough   room   on   the   counter   for   food   prep .   it   heats   food   very   evenly   and   fits   a   full   sized   dinner   plate   in   it .   even   if   i   eventually   move   into   a   place   with   a   larger   kitchen ,   i   d   likely   keep   this   microwave   since   it   works   so   well .
what   we   needed   i   needed   a   little   oven   that   fit   in   the   corner .   for   size   and   convenience   it   works   well .   i   have   found   that   i   need   to   leave   what   ever   i   am   cooking   in   the   oven   a   little   bit   longer .   but   it   works   well   and   no   complaints   about   operation .
great   product   fits   perfectly   in   our   countertop   corner .   fits   in   the   34   dead   space   34   there .   br   it   s   on   the   small   side ,   but   it   is   perfect   for   our   needs .
spacesaver   i   have   a   tiny   kitchen   and   was   replacing   an   over   the   range   microwave .   i   was   looking   for   a   space   saver   microwave ,   and   i   found   it .   it   is   large   enough   to   handle   anything   my   old   microwave   could   do   like   day   to   day   tasks   of   reheating ,   baking   potatoes ,   and   other   small   food   items .
just   what   a   microwave   should   be ...   small !   exactly   what   i   wanted !   it   s   the   perfect   fit .   works   just   fine ...   bye   bye   bulky   hand   me   down ...   i   m   handing   you   down ,   lol
se   here   too   we   purchased   our   samsung   mw   smh9187w   three   years   ago .   it   now   has   an   se   error .   as   others   reported ,   samsung   told   us   to   flip   the   breaker   switch ,   etc . ,   but   a   few   minutes   later ,   the   same   se   message   came   up ,   along   with   incessant   beeping .   called   samsung   back   and   we   were   passed   around   for   about   half   an   hour .   called   lowe   s   where   we   bought   it   said   it   would   probably   cost   150   to   fix   it   and   it   should   have   lasted   five   years .   to   us ,   not   worth   fixing .   will   never   buy   another   samsung   appliance .
unit   is   top   of   the   line   just   installed   the   microwave   and   it   has   a   lot   of   options .   just   getting   used   to   it .   unit   did   arrive   with   2   minor   dents   to   the   exterior   cabinet .   didn   t   return   item   because   damage   was   hidden   by   install   and   didn   t   effect   the   operation   of   the   unit .   i   was   kind   of   wary   that   it   would   arrive   damaged   due   to   the   weight   of   the   item . i   would   recommend   this   item .
i   love   the   microwave   it   met   all   my   needs   regarding   space ,   looks   like   a   tv ,   works   well   and   you   don   t   need   a   college   degree   to   operate .   very   pleased   with   this   products .   little   pricey   but   worth   it .
not   the   specified   dimensions   this   spacemaker   microwave   is   3   4   34   deeper   than   in   the   specifications .   this   is   the   difference   between   fitting   and   not   fitting   in   a   12   34   deep   cabinet .
works   great   easy   to   use .   i   had   a   rust   spot   inside   my   microwave   oven .   sanded   it   down ,   put   on   two   coats   of   paint ,   fixed   the   problem   and   the   rust   hasn   t   come   back .
excellent   i   like   this   microwave ,   it   is   small   and   uses   very   little   space   in   my   small   kitchen ,   but   it   is   powerful .   it   is   a   good   combination   of   quality   and   good   design .   expensive   but   worth   it
broken   on   first   use .   repaired   and   broken   again   w   in   a   year   i   bought   this   lg   microwave   lmv1680st   as   part   of   a   full   kitchen   remodel   a   year   ago .   upon   first   use ,   the   microwave   sparked   and   then   made   an   unusually   loud   humming   when   on .   nothing   heated .   it   broke   on   the   first   use .   home   depot ,   of   course ,   said   lg   had   to   come   out   to   deal   with   it .   since   it   was   installed   and   not   something   i   could   easily   take   back   to   the   store ,   i   had   to   contact   lg   and   schedule   first   a   service   consultation   and   then   a   service .   what   a   pain .   now ,   less   than   a   year   later ,   the   microwave   is   broken   again .   since   i   bought   it   a   few   months   before   installation   it   s   now   out   of   warranty   and   lg   wants   to   charge   me   150   just   to   come   out   and   inspect   it .   don   t   buy   it ! !   i   threw   away   200   on   it   and   will   just   have   to   replace   and   pay   for   another   installation .
16   months   sparked ,   smoked ,   died   we   never   had   the   se   error   but   at   16   months   the   microwave ,   sparked ,   growled ,   then   smoked   like   crazy   out   of   the   top .   it   is   now   doa   and   out   of   warranty .
cheap   handle   i   recently   had   a   house   built   and   the   builder   only   uses   ge   appliances   so   i   upgraded   to   the   cafe   line .   i   have   no   complaints   with   the   function   of   the   microwave   but   the   cheap   plastic   handle   bothers   me .   mine   is   now   bubbling   and   peeling .   i   have   a   work   order   in   with   ge   to   have   this   replaced .   i   saw   the   earlier   model ,   which   this   microwave   replaced   had   complaints   of   the   handle   getting   too   hot .   i   guess   this   is   why   they   went   to   plastic .   i   would   rather   use   a   towel , to   open   my   microwave   than   have   stainless   paint   flaking   into   my   pots   below .
it   is   an   ok   microwave   for   my   tiny   kitchen !   this   is   an   okay   microwave   if   you   have   an   extremely   small   kitchen .   br   cons   br   the   outside   of   the   microwave   is   nice   and   sleek   however ,   i   know   the   door   push   button   opener   won   t   last   because   it   already   has   to   be   pushed   several   times   to   get   the   microwave   s   door   to   open .   the   next   issue   i   have   is   the   cardboard   piece   that   is   screwed   on   the   inside   of   the   unit .   i   really   think   this   is   a   hazard ,   not   a   good   idea ,   and   not   hygienic   if   food   splatters   on   it .   next   cons   were   how   cheap   the   turntable   holder   is   and   how   much   extra   time   it   takes   to   microwave   foods .   frozen   stauffers   tv   dinner   took   9   minutes   to   cook !   likewise ,   if   you   like   to   cook   microwave   popcorn   i   suggest   you   use   the   mini   bags   with   this   one ... larger   bags   had   too   many   kernels   left   or   burned   if   i   tried   to   get   most   of   the   kernels   cooked .   br   br   pros   br   very   quiet   when   operating .   br   perfect   size   for   my   6x8   sq   ft   galley   style   kitchen .   br   very   sleek   and   the   stainless   steel   accents   are   beautiful .   br   has   an   interior   light .   br   loud   alarm   to   warn   you   when   cooking   is   complete .   br   it   s   quite   heavy   even   though   it   is   a   compact   size .   so   it   won   t   fly   across   the   counter   if   you   press   a   button   too   hard .   br   lots   of   preset   functions   and   an   easy   to   understand   owner   s   manual .   br   br   i   thought   ge   was   a   great   appliance   maker ... remembering   my   mother   s   ge   appliances   lasting   20   years !   this   one   i   pray   it   last   for   the   rest   of   this   year !   also ,   this   microwave   is   a   lot   cheaper   on   wal   mart   website   60   with   free   in   store   shipping .   just   a   heads   up   if   you   still   want   to   purchase   one   of   these   microwaves !
not   a   good   product   have   had   numerous   problems   with   this   microwave   since   purchasing   3   years   ago .   makes   horrible   grinding   noises   periodically   that   last   for   a   couple   days   then   they   go   away   for   some   unknown   reason .   light   bulb   burns   out   quickly   and   location   is   so   difficult   to   reach   that   i   just   gave   up   replacing   it .   convection   bake   and   roast   don   t   do   as   well   as   using   a   plain   old   convection   toaster   oven   which   is   a   whole   lot   less   expensive .   can   t   defrost   more   than   one   minute   without   starting   over .   it   s   quite   expensive   considering   none   of   the   special   features   work   very   well .
don   t   even   think   about   it   i   ve   had   this   microwave   for   2   weeks .   it   works ,   for   now .   but   the   interior   light   is   already   flickering   while   in   use .   it   s   brand   new   and   something   is   already   wrong   with   it .   ge   does   not   make   quality   microwaves   and   they   do   not   stand   by   their   products .   betting   it   will   only   be   a   matter   of   time   before   it   winds   up   in   a   landfill   and   i   have   buy   new   one .
great   microwave ,   easy   to   install   and   a   space   saver !   looks   great ,   works   great .   took   less   than   an   hour   to   install .   was   a   little   overwhelmed   with   instructions ,   but   was   easier   to   install   than   originally   thought .   looks   great   in   my   kitchen   and   has   opened   up   so   much   space   in   my   small   kitchen .   i   would   recommend   this   product   to   anyone !
it   s   a   space   saver   it   s   rather   small   on   the   outside ,   and   just   big   enough   on   the   inside .   everyone   who   comes   over   thinks   it   s   a   tv .
inlet   cover   was   great   until   i   opened   the   door   and   the   microwave   inlet   cover   is   what   cardboard   which   i   touched   and   it   bent   and   now   am   reluctant   to   use   to   microwave .   waiting   for   whirlpool   to   answer   my   questions   about   this   cardboard   affecting   my   food .   they   said   not   to   remove   it .   wondering   if   anyone   has   any   comments   about   this .
great   price ,   good   features   i   don   t   really   use   lots   of   fancy   microwave   features ...   we   just   set   the   power   and   the   time   and   call   it   good .   this   microwave   works   just   great   for   that   it   might   also   have   great   features ...   i   just   don   t   know   them   .   br   br   pros   good   price ,   easy   to   install ,   nice   lights   for   stovetop ,   can   be   configured   to   vent   or   recirculate ,   looks   good .   br   br   cons   the   fan   is   less   effective   than   a   range   hood   which   is   a   given   for   any   over   the   range   microwave   and   not   as   quiet   as   i   would   hope .   br   br   other   thoughts   the   beep   is   long ,   but   not   much   louder   than   any   other   microwave ...   i   see   a   lot   of   comments   about   it ,   but   it   hasn   t   bothered   us .   overall ,   we   like   this   microwave   and   are   happy   with   the   purchase .
good   quality   very   good   product   quality ,   this   is   all   i   expected   to   get .   br   i   recommend   to   other   buyers   those   are   thinking   to   buy   that .
love   this   perfect   for   a   small   kitchen   from   the   moment   i   took   it   out   of   the   box ,   it   looked   beautiful ,   fit   perfect   in   my   small   newly   remodeled   kitchen   and   works   great !   i   put   some   money   into   my   new   kitchen   with   a   very   nice   looking   back   splash   in   tile   and   glass .   i   did   not   want   my   old   large   white   microwave   oven   taking   up   one   entire   wall .   i   don   t   use   the   microwave   that   much ,   so   this   is   perfect .   it   s   not   all   that   powerful   but   if   you   are   buying   something   to   heat   things   up   or   make   popcorn   and   you   want   style   and   beauty   this   is   it !
decent   this   microwave   is   fine .   it   is   not   great .   it   takes   three   and   a   half   minutes   to   warm   up   a   cup   of   coffee ,   but   since   that   is   its   only   function   on   our   counter   it   is   doing   its   job ,   just   slower   than   some   of   the   more   powerful   ones .   its   size   is   definitely   a   plus   and   fits   in   a   wee   corner .   its   not   having   more   programable   numbers   is   annoying   as   one   has   to   hold   the   button   as   the   time   counts   up   incrementally ,   but   for   a   cup   warmer   it   will   do .
well   built   product   i   purchased   this   microwave   and   and   a   more   expensive   model   200   from   williams   sonomo   and   this   whirlpool   is   a   much   better   machine .   the   build   quality   is   excellent   and   the   veritcal   ness   of   it   saves   space   on   the   counter .   had   to   return   the   williams   sonoma   model .   the   whirlpool   is   perfect   for   heating   plates   of   food   and   leftovers   in   medium   size   bowls .   br   at   first ,   i   missed   the   numeric   key   pad   on   my   old   over   the   stove   model   but   the   small   size   of   this   models   doesn   t   allow   for   the   large   pad .   however , ,   after   a   short   time   you   get   used   to   pressing   the   start   button   to   add   time   in   increments   of   30   seconds .   super   product   that   i   would   buy   again   and   it   looks   cool .
bad   product   worst   customer   service   worse   product   i   ve   ever   owned ,   i   purchased   the   older   model   jvm17501mm   on   06   29   2011   and   it   completely   failed   on   03   3132013 ,   ge   serviceman   came   to   my   home   on   04   05   2013   and   gave   me   a   discounted   50   p   l   repair   bill   of   240.00 .   my   consumer   advocate   at   ge   offered   me   a   replacement   of   250.00 ,   funny   since   this   item   is   selling   all   over   for   under   200.00 .   i   will   never   purchase   any   product   from   ge   again .   you   should   stay   away .   run   away   from   this .
buyer   beware   lousy   value   stopped   working   after   2   years   of   relatively   light   use   1   2x   a   day   .   i   was   one   of   the   unlucky   owners   of   the   previous   version   of   this   microwave .   it   worked   fine   for   2   years   and   then   just   stopped .   whirlpool   wasn   t   too   helpful   offered   me   a   warranty   that   cost   more   than   buying   a   new   one .   then   we   wonder   why   we   have   a   landfill   issue   like   we   do ...   whirlpool   should   be   accountable .   i   m   taking   my   money   and   buying   another   brand .   br   br   when   it   worked ,   i   generally   liked   it   but   the   fan   is   loud   and   comes   on   by   itself .   i   did   like   the   auto   defrost   feature   but   i   m   sure   others   have   that .
amazing !   we   love   this   microwave .   it   looks   great   and   has   given   us   a   lot   more   space   in   the   corner   where   nothing   but   the   old   clunky   microwave   was .   our   kitchen   looks   so   much   more   modern   and   the   microwave   itself   fits   everything   including   our   largest   dinner   plates   .   heating   will   require   an   additional   20   30   seconds   but   definitely   worth   the   wait ! ! !   can   t   say   enough   about   how   cool   it   looks !
horrible   product !   i   have   had   the   same   problems   as   the   others   who   wrote   on   here .   i   had   a   white   over   the   range   ge   microwave   that   started   having   keypad   problems .   since   i   was   upgrading   to   stainless   appliances ,   i   bought   this   one   and   after   3   yrs .   started   having   problems   with   the   keypad   again .   some   of   the   buttons   stopped   working ,   then   one   night   i   woke   up   to   a   beeping   sound   and   on   the   microwave   display   it   said   service   immediately .   i   will   not   buy   another   ge   appliance   again ,   i   would   like   to   know   what   brand   is   a   good   one   to   go   with .
glad   ge   makes   this   size   microwave   like   other   reviewers ,   i   had   to   purchase   this   particular   ge   spacemaker   microwave   because   it   was   the   only   larger   one   that   fit   into   the   existing   built   in   cabinet   in   our   kitchen .   other   manufacturers   are   missing   the   boat   if   they   think   everyone   wants   or   needs   a   huge   countertop   or   above   the   range   microwave ,   or   a   teensy   weensy   underpowered   microwave .   there   was   no   need   for   the   industry   to   completely   change   size   standards   for   countertop   models .   br   br   that   said ,   i   ve   only   had   this   microwave   a   few   weeks   so   far   so   good .   i   like   its   features   and   performance .   it   s   a   bit   smaller   inside   than   our   previous   full   size   ge   microwave .   the   previous   ge   fit   perfectly   in   our   microwave   cabinet ,   but   its   magnetron   went   out   in   a   scary   way   after   about   6   years   of   use .   br   br   so   far ,   only   drawback   to   new   microwave   is   that   the   instructions   say   to   keep   the   front   of   the   microwave   3   inches   back   from   edge   of   countertop   so   it   won   t   tip   over   when   the   door   is   open .   not   enough   space   to   do   that   in   our   built   in   microwave   cabinet ,   so   have   to   be   careful   not   to   inadvertently   put   weight   on   the   open   door   with   my   hand   ,   or   the   whole   appliance   starts   to   tip   forward .   don   t   recollect   seeing   that   information   in   the   description   of   this   product   on   amazon ,   so   please   be   aware .
do   not   buy .....   none   available .
this   is   a   good   little   appliance   my   mom   bought   this   for   us   about   a   month   ago   and   it   s   been   a   real   pleasure   having   it   in   our   kitchen .   there   are   no   extraneous   buttons ,   just   tap   the   start   button   for   30   second   intervals .   everything   cooks   evenly   and   quickly   plus   it   s   small   so   it   sits   in   the   corner   and   looks   like   an   old   school   tv .   i   recommend   this   for   anyone   that   just   uses   a   microwave   to   reheat   and   cook   smaller   frozen   food   meals .
samsung   microwave   i   like   the   looks ,   the   operation   buttons   on   the   bottom   lends   itself   to   a   user   friendly   and   a   highly   visible   control   panel .   we   have   multiple   samsung   products .   all   exceed   our   expectations   of   their   products   br   there   are   no   other   microwaves   on   the   market   with   bottom   eye   level   control   buttons
bargain   at   the   price .   had   to   replace   5   microwaves   in   5   years   2   ge   and   3   samsung   microwaves   that   cost   much   more   died   premature   deaths   at   my   house ,   vacation   condo ,   and   gf   s   house .   bought   2   of   these   so   far   and   the   first   outlasted   the   5 .   hope   to   have   the   same   luck   with   this   one .
great   oven   micro   easy   to   install ,   user   friendly   instructions .   came   in   good   condition .   manual   very   easy   to   understand   and   use   micro   oven .   cooks   in   1   2   the   time   when   using   fast   back .   really   good   product .
best   bang   for   the   buck   out   there !   bought   this   at   christmas   time   to   replace   a   ge   conv   micro   that   cost   1200 .   this   is   the   slickest   microwave   you   could   imagine .   works   great   and   heats   faster   than   the   old   ge   that   cost   5   times   more .   if   you   want   a   ss   microwave ,   to   go   over   your   stove ,   and   dont   want   to   break   the   bank ,   i   couldnt   say   enough   about   this   one .   it   works   flawlessly ,   and   performs   with   the   best   of   them .   br   with   that   said ,   i   was   very   disapointed   with   the   limited   manual   that   comes   with   it ,   and   owned   it   for   a   month ,   before   i   realized   that   that   99   of   the   info ,   that   i   was   looking   for ,   is   on   a   label   inside   the   door   jam   there   is   no   mention   of   that   fact   in   the   manual   and   all   the   codes ,   and   info ,   i   was   searching   for   is   printed   right   there   on   the   bottom   of   the   door   jam   if   you   know   where   to   look   for   it ! !   so   in   closing   this   is   a   run   to   buy   it   purchase   and   you   will   not   be   disapointed   in   the   unit   in   anyway   .   read   all   the   codes   inside   the   doorjam   on   the   bottom   and   life   will   be   good   for   you   ! ! ! !   br   excellent   plus   on   this   unit .
we   like   this   product .   this   is   a   good   product .   it   replaced   our   previous   profile   spacemaker   ii   model   which   lasted   about   ten   years .   we   re   not   exotic   microwave   users   and   choose   the   reheat   feature   99   of   the   time .   the   new   model   works   well ,   although   my   wife   thinks   our   previous   model   had   a   hotter   reheat   temperature   because   we   more   frequently   have   to   press   the   reheat   button   a   second   time   with   the   new   model .   we   also   find   the   location   of   the   clear   off   button   confusing   and   sometimes   fumble   around   looking   for   it .   it   should   have   been   placed   in   an   easier   to   find   location ,   like   on   the   top   or   bottom   corner .   we   like   the   turntable   which   our   previous   model   didn   t   have   and   think   it   helps   heat   the   food   more   uniformly .   overall ,   we   re   pleased   with   this   product .
be   careful   on   installation .   some   ss   steel   parts   magnetic .   i   just   installed   this   item .   be   careful   with   the   lag   screws   provided .   they   are   tin   like   and   do   strip   out   no   matter   what   and   cannot   be   loosened   or   tightened   once   the   head   strips .   they   require   a   special   flat   nose   phillips   head   but   that   did   not   help .   buy   some   quality   mounting   screws   as   500.00   is   not   enough   for   ge   to   include   those ,   and   i   hope   the   rest   of   the   unit   is   not   as   cheap   as   the   mounting   screws .   pollute   the   planet   and   make   a   extra   trip   to   the   hardware   store .   second ,   i   was   leveling   the   microwave   and   son   of   a   gun ,   the   magnet   on   my   level   stuck   to   the   inside   of   the   unit ,   which   is   supposed   to   be   stainless   steel .   i   would   still   prefer   whatever   this   stuff   is   to   the   plastic   interior   that   comes   with   non   convection .   the   templates   were   perfect   and   put   all   the   screws   in   the   correct   locations .   you   need   to   order   the   charcoal   filter   if   you   are   using   the   recirculate   rather   than   outside   vented   feature .   to   recirculate ,   you   must   unscrew   3   screws   on   top   rear   and   rotate   the   fan   housing   90   degrees   before   you   install   the   unit .   you   also   need   to   remove   2   screws   on   the   upper   front   trim   and   slide   in   the   filter   then   replace   the   trim .   my   15   year   old   did   both .   you   need   to   butt   the   top   of   the   unit   to   the   shelf   above ,   or   insert   trim   pieces   around   the   top .   if   you   don   t ,   and   let   it   hang   even   1   2   inch ,   the   unit   can   rise   up   if   hit   and   fall   off   the   shallow   rear   flanges   that   hold   it   to   the   back   wall   bracket   and   fall   onto   the   new   matching   ge   range .   our   cabinets   had   a   wierd   from   the   1960   s   lip   on   one   side   i   like   old   school   stuff   and   i   needed   to   add   the   trim   to   prevent   falling .   the   unit   powered   on   and   worked   once   we   finished .   will   update   after   a   few   months   of   use .   i   am   a   licensed   electrical   and   general   contractor ,   so   i   hope   this   helps   in   getting   it   ready   to   install .   took   my   son   and   i   about   an   hour .   the   unit   looks   great   in   the   kitchen .   after   months   of   research ,   it   was   between   this   and   the   sharp ,   but   this   had   more   power   and   capacity ,   and   there   was   not   a   sharp   in   any   showroom   for   qc   comparison .   hope   itwas   the   correct   choice .
love   this   microwave   love   this   microwave .   product   was   easy   to   install ,   and   easier   to   operate .   the   first   one   we   ordered   came   damaged .   the   process   to   return   item   was   a   piece   of   cake .   the   second   one   came   from   a   different   company   and   was   packaged   much   much   better .   we   used   to   have   our   microwave   sitting   on   the   counter .   we   remodeled   our   1950   galley   kitchen   and   only   had   room   for   a   drawer   microwave .   we   will   never   go   back   to   any   other   microwave .   well   worth   the   price ..   br   love ,   love   ,   love   this   product
door   has   too   much   play   in   it   this   microwave   is   now   two   years   old   and   the   door   has   too   much   play   in   it .   it   is   loose   and   jiggles .   the   repairman   can   t   fix   it .   it   appears   it   needs   a   spacer   of   some   sort .   i   would   not   recommend   this   product   for   that   reason .   if   the   door   starts   to   do   this ,   you   have   to   get   a   new   microwave .
good   buy ,   good   value   this   was   the   perfect   microwave   for   my   kitchen   remodel . it   is   quite   roomy .   i   particularly   like   the   two   stage   fan   and   lighting   features .
updated   sharp   over   the   range   microwave   fits   perfectly   in   previous   sharp   model   space .   heating   seems   the   same   as   the   previous   model   although   this   one   states   850   watts   and   the   old   one   said   1100   watts .   exhaust   does   not   work   as   well   as   the   other   model .   fan   seems   to   work   same   on   low   and   high   speed ,   no   difference   in   sound   or   intensity   of   fan   sound .   one   would   think   the   low   would   seem   quieter .
lasted   just   over   a   year !   i   had   it   for   about   a   year   and   a   half   now   when   the   door   is   closed   it   just   runs   without   producing   heat .   i   guess   i   could   get   it   repaired   but   i   m   wondering   if   it   s   worth   it .   i   may   just   buy   a   better   quality   microwave   so   i   don   t   have   to   deal   with   it   again .
only   o . k .   we   needed   a   small   microwave   for   a   small   space ,   and   this   fits   perfectly   ...   but   very   low   power   takes   a   long   time   not   tall   enough   for   many   things   have   to   transfer   contents   to   shorter   vessels   extremely   loud   beeping   that   can   t   be   turned   off .
for   a   convenience   appliance ,   i   find   it   quite   inconvenient .   i   have   been   using   this   microwave   for   about   a   year .   i   will   say   the   microwave   works   well   as   far   as   successfully   heating   items   as   a   microwave   should .   other   than   that ,   i   find   it   to   be   an   awkward   design   in   the   following   ways   br   br   the   button   for   the   light   is   directly   under   the   34   start   34   button .   if   you   hit   the   34   start   34   button ,   it   automatically   starts   microwaving   for   30   seconds .   however ,   in   a   dimly   lit   room ,   i   often   accidentally   hit   the   34   start   34   button   when   i   m   just   trying   to   turn   the   light   on .   i   can   tell   you   how   many   times   i   have   started   a   30   second   microwave   cycle   on   an   empty   microwave .   br   speaking   of   the   lights   there   are   two   light   bulbs   underneath ,   which   is   fine .   however ,   in   the   one   year   we   ve   been   using   this   microwave ,   the   same   bulb   has   burned   out   twice ,   while   the   other   has   yet   to   burn   out   at   all .   the   first   time ,   we   had   to   scour   the   internet   for   a   replacement   bulb   only   to   find   that   the   specific   wattage   of   the   bulb   that   came   in   the   microwave   is   pretty   much   unavailable .   anywhere .   so   we   did   some   reading   and   learned   to   use   a   slightly   lower   wattage   bulb .   this   took   entirely   too   much   research   and   hunting   for   what   should   have   been   a   simple   light   bulb .   br   the   beeping   at   the   end   of   the   cooking   or   timer   is   quite   obnoxious .   it   s   3   long ,   loud   beeps ,   and ,   unlike   every   other   microwave   i   ve   ever   used ,   it   does   not   stop   when   you   open   the   microwave   door !   i   have   young   children   and   often   stand   directly   in   front   of   the   microwave ,   waiting   for   the   timer   to   hit   1   second   so   i   can   stop   it   before   it   beeps   so   it   doesn   t   wake   up   anyone   sleeping   napping .   br   there   are   lots   of   34   convenience   34   setting   quick   buttons   ,   but   i   have   never   used   a   single   one   of   them .   seems   like   a   bit   of   a   waste   of   space   and   features .   it   has   a   34   reheat   34   button ,   but ,   unlike   some   other   microwaves   on   the   market ,   it   is   not   a   34   sensor   34   automatic   reheat ,   so   i   m   not   sure   what   the   purpose   of   it   is   when   you   could   just   as   easily   enter   the   amount   of   time   and   hit   start   like   normal .   br   br   overall ,   it   looks   nice   enough   and   works   as   far   as   microwaving   is   concerned ,   but   i   personally   think   it   comes   with   many   flaws .
ge   pvm1790sr1ss   none   available .
replaced   the   same   model   bought   6   years   ago   bought   this   model   to   replace   the   one   bought   thru   amazon   6   years   ago .   it   just   died   abruptly ,   thought   it   was   a   fuse   but   if   there   was   one   couldn   t   locate   it .   buying   the   same   model   made   installation   a   snap .   just   hope   this   one   lasts   longer
just   what   we   wanted   to   replace   our   failed   unit   of   23   yrs !   install   went   well   but   retrofiting   the   exterior   vent   was   a   chore   but   thats   not   a   problem   of   the   unit .   only   had   it   up   and   going   for   a   short   while   but   so   far   so   good .
best   ever   this   is   the   best   microwave   i   have   ever   had .   love   the   size   and   the   program   buttons . are   so   nice .   br   br   i   use   the   bake   potato   button   all   the   time .
good   choice   works   as   advertised .   easy   to   follow   installation   instructions   and   cooks   great .   of   course ,   the   holes   from   my   old   ewave   did   not   line   up   with   this   model .
perfect   replacement   for   a   30   inch .   thirty   inch   wide   microwave   ovens   are   a   little   hard   to   find .   but   that   was   the   only   thing   i   could   use   in   the   cabinetry   in   our   winnebago   rv .   it   s   much   quieter   than   the   one   it   replaced   and   seems   to   be   more   powerful   too .   we   like   it   s   added   features   oer   the   older   unit   we   had .   it   decided   to   only   run   on   high .
poor   quality   i   went   to   open   my   microwave   and   the   handle   snapped   ... yup   snapped   off   into   pieces !   frigidaire   will   so   graciously   allow   me   to   buy   a   new   one   as   their   way   of   standing   behind   their   product .... yes   so   we   purchase   an   expensive   microwave   that   is   made   so   cheaply   that   you   have   to   replace   the   handle   that   breaks   apart   and   they   get   more   money   yes   that   does   sound   right   doesn   t   it   but   they   stand   behind   their   products .... so   frustrating !   unless   you   have   money   to   burn   on   replacing   parts   don   t   buy   this   product ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
does   not   perform   like   it   should   for   this   price .   this   microwave   does   not   heat   as   quickly   or   as   hot   as   we   would   like .   it   has   some   great   features ,   but   its   performance   is   just   not   up   to   par   for   the   price .
great   for   the   price   i   spent   hundreds   more   for   another   34   name   34   brand   and   this   one   is   as   good .   cant   beat   this   for   the   price   i   paid
mine   died   as   well ...   whirlpool ,   br   br   check   out   these   reviews ! !   obviously   there   is   a   serious   defect .   although   it   sounds   like   ours   lasted   longer   than   most   24   months   .   like   others   have   written ,   we   are   not   very   heavy   microwave   users .... the   occassional   reheating   of   coffee   or   defrosting   of   meat .   seems   ridiculous   to   me !
i   like   it   i   like   the   look ,   the   ease   of   cleaning ,   and   the   fact   that   it   does   everything   i   need   a   microwave   to   do   without   taking   up   much   countertop   space .   the   only   drawback   is   that   the   interior   is   so   small   i   sometimes   34   bump   34   coffee   cups   trying   to   put   them   in   for   re   heating ,   spilling   liquid   that   drips   straight   down   to   the   control   panel .   after   having   a   full   size   microwave ,   this   one   takes   some   getting   adjusting   on   my   part !   i   gave   it   4   stars   because   i   can   t   heat   pancake   syrup   in   it ,   the   bottles   are   too   tall .   all   other   things   i   use   it   for ,   such   as   making   popcorn ,   melting   butter ,   reheating   left   overs ,   etc . ,   are   just   fine .
very   good   for   the   price ,   with   some   reservations   i   purchased   and   installed   the   wmh31017ab ,   the   black   version   of   this   microwave .   pros   a   major   consumer   magazine   rates   whirlpool   tops   in   reliability .   at   its   price   this   is ,   as   expected ,   a   pretty   basic   microwave ,   but   fulfills   our   needs .   it   heats   well ,   is   in   black   quite   attractive ,   the   microwave   and   fan   are   quiet ,   controls   are   convenient   for   basic   operations .   cons   one   of   the   installation   templates   is   printed   on   the   cardboard   packaging ,   the   edges   of   which   shred   when   cut ,   making   the   template   difficult   to   use   accurately .   the   bolts   supplied   will   not   work   in   a   deep   cabinet   and   it   took   trips   to   four   hardware   stores   to   find   longer   replacements .   the   instructions   did   not   include   an   option   to   hardwire   the   electrical   connection ,   so   i   had   to   swallow   hard   and   cut   the   cord   without   knowing   what   i   d   find   once   i   had   turned   out   not   to   be   a   problem   .   i   exhausted   through   the   wall ,   but   there   s   an   outlet   for   internal   exhaust ,   and   it   opens   upwards   towards   the   ceiling .   and   i   mean   opens .   there   s   no   grid   to   keep   small   objects   from   falling   into   the   body   of   the   microwave   from   the   cabinet   above .   this   is   atrocious   design !   i   used   some   semi   rigid   plastic   screen   and   clear   silicone   sealant   to   protect   this   area .   the   user   instructions   which   come   with   the   oven   are   totally   inadequate ,   and   whirlpool   s   website   doesn   t   seem   to   have   any   more .   just   as   an   example ,   it   says   to   touch   cook ,   enter   the   number   code   of   food   item ,   enter   quantiy ,   then   touch   the   start   control .   but   there   s   no   list   of   food   item   codes .   i   d   still   recommend   the   microwave   for   those   who   are   willing   to   deal   with   these   issues .   br   br   update   i   contacted   whirlpool   it   turns   out   the   food   item   codes   are   behind   the   door .   i   guess   i   should   have   noticed ,   but   it   would   be   nice   if   the   user   instructions   referenced   this .   as   i   wrote   above ,   they   are   very   cursory .
masterful   had   this   for   about   5   years   now   after   a   panasonic   nn   h965wf   failed   within   19   months   of   being   purchased   new .   no   repairs   necessary   with   this   sharp   microwave ,   and   the   sensor   still   works   great .   use   that   function   and   you   ll   almost   never   have   to   worry   about   underheated   food .
only   had   this   microwave   oven   a   few   months ,   but   already   regretting   the   purchase ...   i   purchased   this   microwave   oven   at   a   big   box   store   when   it   was   on   sale ,   and   received   a   better   price   than   the   amazon   list   price .   i   brought   it   home ,   removed   the   older   microwave   this   was   replacing   and   installed   this   new   one ,   myself .   installation   was   a   bit   more   difficult   than   i   expected   it   to   be ,   but   this   had   more   to   do   with   the   shoddy   installation   of   the   unit   it   was   replacing   than   any   flaws   in   this   unit ,   so   i   won   t   count   that   as   a   strike   against   this   product .   br   br   in   the   few   months   that   we   have   been   using   this   unit ,   there   are   several   things   that   i   ve   noticed   that   have   made   me   regret   this   purchase   br   br   1 .   the   glass   plate   split   in   two   after   about   two   weeks   of   use .   i   have   no   idea   why   this   occured .   my   wife   stuck   in   a   bowl   of   oatmeal   to   cook   it   and   after   about   30   seconds   there   was   a   loud   bang   and   she   turned   it   off   to   see   what   had   happened .   the   glass   plate   was   spilt   into   two   pieces ,   nearly   right   down   the   middle .   weird .   the   replacement   part   cost   me   another   30 .   not   happy   about   this !   br   br   2 .   the   venting   fan   has   a   flap   that   opens   to   the   duct   inside   the   wall .   the   hinge   on   this   flap   is   very   weak   and   we   can   hear   it   flapping   about   on   windy   days .   this   seems   very   irregular ,   as   the   kitchen   wall   this   unit   is   mounted   on   is   an   inside   wall ,   not   an   exterior   wall ,   and   the   ductwork   goes   up   through   the   roof ,   not   to   the   nearest   exterior   wall .   i   really   don   t   think   it   should   do   this .   the   last   unit   did   not   do   this ,   and   it   s   a   bit   irritating   to   hear   this   flap   rattling   and   squeaking   around   on   windy   days .   br   br   3 .   this   microwave   positively   will   not   cook   a   good   bag   of   microwave   popping   corn .   what   s   up   with   that   isn   t   that   a   basic   necessity   of   every   microwave   put   in   a   bag   of   popping   corn   and   you   either   get   25   of   it   popped   with   wet ,   greasy   kernels   or   75   popped   and   it   s   all   burned   brown   and   stinky .   the   first   few   times   i   figured   my   wife   was   losing   her   mind   and   just   counldn   t   figure   out   the   new   unit .   well ,   i   have   now   tried   four   different   brands   of   popping   corn   and   got   the   same   results   with   all   brands .   for   a   family   that   really   enjoys   microwave   popping   corn ,   this   was   a   real   bummer ,   and   the   number   one   reason   i   would   never   recommend   this   microwave   to   another   person .   br   br   4 .   in   general   terms ,   this   microwave   seems   underpowered .   it   claims   to   have   the   same   wattage   cooking   power   as   the   model   it   replaced ,   but   i   m   not   seeing   it .   everything   takes   longer   to   cook   with   this   unit .   sure ,   in   microwave   terms ,   you   re   only   talking   about   15   longer   cook   times   which   equal   out   to   mere   seconds   or   a   few   more   minutes ,   so   it   s   not   a   lot   of   extra   time ,   but   it   s   just   worse   than   i   expected .   you   always   kind   of   assume   that   the   new   model   will   be   better   than   the   old ,   but   that   just   wasn   t   the   case ,   in   this   instance .   br   br   5 .   ok ,   this   one   is   just   personal   preference   and   not   really   a   problem   with   the   unit .   i   probably   should   have   inquired   about   this   feature   before   purchasing   this   product .   i   prefer   microwaves   that   you   just   pop   food   into ,   press   the   seconds   or   minutes   you   want   to   cook   something   and   then   press   start .   on   this   unit ,   you   need   to   press   a   button   marked   cook   time   before   you   start   pressing   any   numbers .   if   you   press   any   number   at   the   start ,   the   unit   powers   up   and   begins   cooking   the   food   by   the   number   of   minutes   assigned   to   that   number   button   on   the   number   pad .   some   people   may   be   used   to   this   types   of   microwave .   i   am   not ,   so   i   prefer   the   aforementioned   method   of   cooking   food .   i   don   t   need   auto   programmed   cook   times   assigned   to   my   numbers .   br   br   overall ,   generally   displeased   with   this   model   and   would   never   recommend   it   to   anyone . e   results   with   all   brands .   for   a   family   that   really   enjoys   microwave   popping   corn ,   this   was   a   real   bummer ,   and   the   number   one   reason   i   would   never   recommend   this   microwave   to   another   person .   br   br   4 .   in   general   terms ,   this   microwave   seems   underpowered .   it   claims   to   have   the   same   wattage   cooking   power   as   the   model   it   replaced ,   but   i   m   not   seeing   it .   everything   takes   longer   to   cook   with   this   unit .   sure ,   in   microwave   terms ,   you   re   only   talking   about   15   longer   cook   times   which   equal   out   to   mere   seconds   or   a   few   more   minutes ,   so   it   s   not   a   lot   of   extra   time ,   but   it   s   just   worse   than   i   expected .   you   always   kind   of   assume   that   the   new   model   will   be   better   than   the   old ,   but   that   just   wasn   t   the   case ,   in   this   instance .   br   br   5 .   ok ,   this   one   is   just   personal   preference   and   not   really   a   problem   with   the   unit .   i   probably   should   have   inquired   about   this   feature   before   purchasing   this   product .   i   prefer   microwaves   that   you   just   pop   food   into ,   press   the   seconds   or   minutes   you   want   to   cook   something   and   then   press   start .   on   this   unit ,   you   need   to   press   a   button   marked   cook   time   before   you   start   pressing   any   numbers .   if   you   press   any   number   at   the   start ,   the   unit   powers   up   and   begins   cooking   the   food   by   the   number   of   minutes   assigned   to   that   number   button   on   the   number   pad .   some   people   may   be   used   to   this   types   of   microwave .   i   am   not ,   so   i   prefer   the   aforementioned   method   of   cooking   food .   i   don   t   need   auto   programmed   cook   times   assigned   to   my   numbers .   br   br   overall ,   generally   displeased   with   this   model   and   would   never   recommend   it   to   anyone .
great   as   described   by   phil ,   it   is   very   easy   to   install .   a   tip ,   as   you   cut   the   4   small   taps   to   get   to   the   motor ,   put   a   small   tool   or   wire   in   the   door   hole   to   keep   in   from   falling   inside   the   unit .   after   you   install   the   new   motor ,   flip   the   door   you   cut   out   over ,   and   the   tab   neatly   fits   the   loop   and   the   small   screw   hole   lines   up .   use   a   small   screw   to   attach   the   cut   out   door   and   it   will   be   sealed   from   dust   and   dirt ,   as   well   as   easily   accessible   if   you   ever   need   to   open   again .
dead   upon   arrival   i   purchased   this   unit   to   replace   a   ge   spacemaker   because   it   was   the   only   one   i   could   find   that   would   fit   in   the   cabinet   space .   the   new   unit   would   not   heat   food   when   it   arrived .   i   am   requesting   an   immediate   replacement   from   the   supplier .   i   recall   when   ge   had   a   good   reputation   in   appliances ,   but   now   i   have   a   low   opinion   of   their   quality .
planning   ahead   i   currently   have   one   of   these   that   fits   perfectly   in   the   space   i   have .   bought   this   one   again   as   a   spare .   just   in   case ...   and   we   know   that   case   will   come   at   the   most   inconvenient   time .   very   happy   with   this   800w   model .   does   my   jobs .   br   it   is   pretty   good   for   my   1964   vintage   wired   house .   too   many   things   plugged   in   and   too   many   watts   required   at   the   same   time   makes   for   too   many   trips   to   the   fuse   box .
just   a   pretty   face !   man   i   wish   i   d   read   these   reviews   before   buying   this .   i   was   at   a   local   big   box   store   and   saw   this   on   the   shelf ,   decided   to   buy   it   on   impulse .   after   all ,   it   s   a   ge   and   that   s   a   great   brand ,   right   br   it   was   disappointing   from   the   start .   i   don   t   use   a   microwave   for   much   other   that   popcorn   and   heating   freezer   meals ,   and   it   couldn   t   even   handle   those .   the   popcorn   setting   burned   the   popcorn   my   old ,   cheapo   sharp   would   always   stop   at   just   the   right   time .   the   meals   were   heated   unevenly .   br   and   now ,   after   less   than   a   month   of   very   light   use ,   the   display   flickers   and   it   refuses   to   turn   on .   br   after   reading   these   reviews   i   decided   it   wasn   t   even   worth   repairing .   i   ve   junked   it   and   bought   a   highly   rated   panasonic   from   amazon   along   with   a   3   year   square   trade   warranty   .   br   what   a   piece   of   junk !
another   one   bites   the   dust   just   like   everyone   else ,   i   own   this   microwave .   it   died   after   1yr   of   normal   use   right   after   the   warranty   ran   out .   when   it   worked   there   were   no   issues .
packed   up   has   been   owned   for   less   than   a   year ..   started   sparking   and   had   to   stop   using .   now   shopping   for   a   new   one .
great   microwave   with   easy   to   use   features   this   microwave   came   with   my   new   home   and   overall ,   i   am   very   pleased   with   it .   it   is   sturdily   built   and   has   an   attractive   stainless   steel   finish   and   design .   it   does   a   great   job   at   heating   up   and   cooking   food ,   and   even   though   it   may   not   have   all   of   the   features   of   a   more   expensive   microwave ,   the   features   it   does   have ,   work   well .   i   particularly   like   the   turntable   and   the   add   30   seconds   button .   the   only   downside   i   can   think   of   is   that   it   does   not   have   the   express   1   minute ,   2   minute ,   etc .   buttons .   when   it   comes   to   a   microwave ,   simplicity   in   use   is   key   and   this   one   definitely   fits   the   bill .
works   well ,   not   liking   the   push   button   door   release   had   6   months .   it   works   fine   as   a   microwave ,   but   the   control   pad   is   a   little   small   and   you   have   to   be   careful   where   to   push   to   get   the   button   you   want .   window   is   hard   to   see   the   food   through ,   and   it   always   fogs   up   making   it   even   harder .   i   like   the   favorites   program ,   but   they   should   build   in   an   automatic   delay   between   stages .   this   is   because   if   you   program   1   min   at   high ,   and   1   min   at   50   ,   you   actually   get   about   1   15   straight   high .   a   third   stage   would   also   be   nice .   i   don   t   like   the   push   button   door   latch .   it   takes   a   lot   of   effort ,   and   if   it   gets   dirty ,   is   hard   to   clean   because   it   pushes   in   1   4   inch   without   any   effort ,   making   wiping   it   hard .   it   should   have   s   simple   handle .
perfect   for   a   craft   room   i   expected   this   microwave   oven   to   be   smaller   than   it   is .   i   was   hoping   for   a   small   microwave   to   go   in   the   craft   room   for   my   wife   because   she   spends   a   lot   of   time   in   there   and   her   coffee   often   goes   cold ,   and   instead   of   having   to   get   up   and   leave   her   work ,   she   can   reach   over   and   reheat   her   coffee .   i   didn   t   want   something   that   takes   up   a   lot   of   space .   well ,   this   is   about   as   small   as   i   ve   seen ,   but   i   thought   there   were   smaller   ones .   we   don   t   have   a   lot   of   extra   space   so   we   bought   this   one .   it   works   fine ,   i   personally   don   t   like   the   bright   blue   led   clock   on   the   front   but   my   wife   doesn   t   mind .   it   does   what   it   s   supposed   to .
it   s   okay ...   i   have   very   limited   space   so   the   design   to   fit   in   corner   is   great .   i   only   use   for   re   heating   or   defrosting   so   it   is   fine   for   that .   some   of   my   dinner   plates   are   too   large   to   fit   in   it ... so   i   use   smaller   plates   for   re   heating .   i   don   t   like   the   lack   of   number   pad   but   i   knew   it   didn   t   have   one   when   i   bought   it .   it   does   have   it   s   own   popcorn   button ...  
great   price   the   motor   fit   perfect ,   works   great ,   price   was   excellent .   br   was   much   cheaper   than   new   microwave   a   a   a   a   plus
pem31   microwave   all   purchase   and   shipping   activities   were   fine .   microwave   door   on   this   model   not   well   designed .   it   sticks   and   won   t   open   or   close   properly   if   the   unit   is   not   perfectly   level   meaning   installation   under   cabinet   must   be   virtually   perfect .   appliance   repair   person   told   me   this   is   always   a   problem   with   this   model .   wish   i   knew   that   before   purchasing .
pos ! !   do   not   come   near   it   googled   by   the   model   number   and   brought   me   here   to   see   what   a   piece   of   crap   that   whirlpool   have   made .   br   this   is   suppose   be   the   upgraded   version   that   my   builder   put   in ,   yet   with   hardly   any   usage ,   this   thing   crap   out   on   me .   br   i   am   the   35th   customer   that   s   pissed   off   of   owning   this   crap .   br   br   it   is   amazing   that   whirpool   have   the   balls   to   sell   this   microwave   at   all .   br   br   never   ever   going   to   get   anything   from   whirpool   ever   again .
great   microwave   plus   i   ve   had   this   microwave   installed   for   about   4   months   now   and   i   really   like   it .   it   cooks   evenly   and   in   a   predictable   way ... much   better   than   the   traditional   turntable   models .   the   coolness   factor   is   high   and   its   easy   for   the   kids   to   use .   i   love   how   it   fits   in   with   my   new   kitchen .   br   minus   it   s   pricey   for   a   microwave .   considering ,   the   price   i   expected   it   to   have   a   few   more   quick   features ,   like   a   30   second   reheat   button   it   will   do   1   min   .   the   open   close   mechanism   is   noisy   and   closes   with   a   34   clunk   34   .   the   special   cooking   features   are   complicated   to   program   so   i   have   yet   to   use   them .   br   summary   it   was   worth   the   splurge .
does   not   last   this   microwave   worked   fine   while   it   lasted ,   about   2   years .   it   looks   fine   and   wasn   t   too   loud   when   the   fan   was   on ,   but   the   fact   that   it   didn   t   last   any   longer   makes   the   features   irrelevant .   the   price   certainly   was   no   better   than   comparable   microwaves   with   much   better   longevity .   i   would   not   recommend   this   product .
exactly   as   the   bad   reviews   describe   this   thing   broke   down   in   the   same   manner   as   all   the   other   reviewers   described .   samsung   should   be   ashamed ,   this   is   a   pretty   obvious   design   flaw .   i   will   be   staying   away   from   all   samsung   products   from   now   on .
too   early   to   rate   the   microwave .   it   is   installed ,   it   heats   cooks   still   after   4   days .   wife   is   disappointed   in   appearance ,   but   it   looks   ok   to   me .
great   microwave .   i   bought   this   for   myself   about   2   years   age   and   liked   it   so   much   that   i   bought   the   same   one   for   my   sister .   i   like   it   very   much .   its   a   perfect   size ,   easy   to   use ,   has   a   button   for   baking   potatoes   and   other   items .   i   recommend   it   very   highly .
problems   have   started   bought   this   microwave   in   june   2012   for   a   kitchen   remodel .   its   barley   5   months   old   and   although   i   have   not   experienced   the   dreaded   5e   error ,   the   unit   has   already   started   acting   funny .   the   last   few   days   the   unit   will   loose   the   time   and   display   please   set   time .   this   am   while   making   oat   meal   for   my   daughter ,   i   opened   the   unit   and   it   was   dead .   no   light   like   it   was   unplugged .   closed   and   the   display   listed   all   0   s   across .   opened   door   again   no   light .   after   a   few   times   the   light   went   on   and   unit   was   operational .   subsequently   i   did   do   the   stop   enter   key   diagnostic   test   and   all   it   showed   me   was   1816s   model   and   110512a ,   which   i   assume   means   1105watts   12amps   i   hope   this   is   not   a   precursor   to   the   5e   error   thinking   the   seller   acquired   refurbished   units   from   another   party   i . e . samsung ,   lowes   and   has   been   pawning   them   off   as   new   here .   i   am   going   to   check   to   see   if   my   appliance   repair   plan   that   i   pay   for   from   my   utility   company   will   covers   microwaves ,   if   not   new   unit   for   me .
works   great   very   smelly ! ! !   br   be   sure   to   scrape   all   rust   out   with   steel   wool ,   paint   scraper ,   whatever   it   takes .   the   directions   were   minimal ... i   googled   for   more   information .
needs   to   be   recalled   like   other   reviewers   this   is   the   3rd   ge   spacemaker   microwave   i   have   owned .   we   also   built   the   space   to   fit   this   model   and   it   is   difficult   to   find   a   replacement .   i   kept   hoping   with   each   new   model   that   ge   had   corrected   the   problem .   the   paint   is   peeling   of   the   ceiling   of   my   current   microwave   less   than   2   years   later .   i   worry   that   the   paint   will   get   in   the   food   or   worse   that   there   may   be   a   danger   at   using   it .
peeling   interior   after   just   one   year   i   bought   this   microwave   about   a   year   ago .   the   exterior   is   attractive ,   and   it   fit   well   into   the   space   i   had   for   it .   however ,   after   just   one   year   of   relatively   infrequent   use ,   the   top   of   the   cavity   is   flaking ,   with   big   chunks   of   paint   now   gone .   i   ve   had   to   throw   away   things   i   ve   cooked   because   there   were   flecks   of   paint   falling   from   the   top   into   my   dish .   it   is   ridiculous   to   have   to   replace   a   new   and   otherwise   functional   appliance .   the   replacement   will   not   be   a   ge .
great   microwave .   a   very   compact ,   beautiful   and   sleek   microwave .   saves   a   on   counter   space   and   will   accommodate   a   full   size   dinner   plate .
was   great   what   they   showed   is   what   we   got   this   was   to   replace   a   bad   microwave   in   one   of   our   condo   s   kitchen   it   fit   perfectly   and   looks   good .   thank   you
better   than   i   expected   if   you   re   looking   for   a   space   saver ,   this   is   the   microwave   for   you .   if   fits   so   well   in   the   corner   of   the   counter   top   and   i   have   twice   the   space   i   had   when   my   old   bulky   clunker   was   still   on   the   counter .   i   haven   t   found   a   plate   yet   that   doesn   t   fit   in   the   microwave   and   only   one   conatiner   was   too   tall   to   fit ,   but   even   that   wasn   t   critical ... just   used   another   container .   the   power   is   suffiecient   for   warming   and   cooking   most   foods .   i   do   wish   it   had   a   few   more   watts   around   1000   would   be   perfect .   over   all   the   compromise   in   power   is   well   worth   the   additional   space .   controls   are   very   simple   although ,   i   do   wish   i   could   increase   the   time   in   more   than   30   second   increments .   br   br   service   was   terrific !   the   first   unit   arrived   damaged   by   the   shipper .   replacement   was   fast   and   problem   free .
just   installed   it   in   a   new   kitchen   looks   great .   but   you   have   to   press   open   and   close   buttons   to   open   and   close   drawer .   very   delicate   product .   it   is   uncomfortable ,   unpractical   to   press   these   buttons   everytime .   i   am   sure   they   will   go   bad   very   soon .   i   will   not   suggest   anybody   to   purchase   this   product
good   product   bad   customer   service   good   product   but   customer   service   is   lacking .   spent   36   minutes   on   hold   after   not   being   able   to   complete   the   online   service   request .   microwave   heats   food   quickly   and   thoroughly .
tiny   perfection   fits   a   cup   of   coffee ,   dinner   plate   and   popcorn .   what   else   do   you   need   fits   perfect   in   my   cabinet   out   of   site !
sharp   microwave   turntable   motor   rmotda252wrzz   this   product   fit   and   worked   as   expected .   for   anyone   wondering   about   how   to   install ,   there   is   a   pattern   of   holes   drilled   in   the   bottom   of   the   microwave   around   the   turntable   motor .   to   get   to   the   motor ,   gently   cut   the   metal   between   the   holes   to   create   a   little   door .   open   the   door ,   remove   2   screws   then   the   motor ,   unplug   old   motor ,   plug   in   new   one ,   drop   new   motor   into   hole ,   put   2   screws   back .   you   re   probably   supposed   to   throw   the   34   door   34   away   but   i   bent   mine   back   in   there .   flip   microwave   over   and   plug   it   in ,   put   turntable   spindle   back   on   and   try   it   out .   i   recommend   doing   this   out   of   sight   of   your   spousal   unit ,   and   then   take   about   30   minutes   to   goof   off .   then   return   microwave   to   spousal   unit   telling   them   what   an   arduous   task   it   was   but   how   you   figured   it   out   and   saved   the   family   100.00 .   should   be   good   for   at   least   a   hug   or   a   kiss   or   whatever ...
exactly   what   i   needed   this   microwave   works   well .   i   wanted   a   microwave   to   heat   my   rice   filled   heating   pad   for   my   shoulders .   it   does   that   and   doesn   t   take   up   too   much   space   on   the   counter .   i   am   very   pleased .
really   looks   great   looks   and   works   great   so   far ...   the   vent   is   really   nice   and   powerful   too ...   a   bit   loud   when   you   set   it   at   the   highest   but   sure   does   work
wish   i   had   read   reviews   before   purchase   i   purchased   this   along   with   3   other   gallery   appliances .   if   i   had   read   these   reviews ,   i   may   have   purchased   a   non   matching   microwave .   all   seem   to   work   okay ,   but   this   microwave   has   an   overall   stupid   factor   that   just   doesn   t   make   sense .   you   can   silence   the   beeping   which   is   very   annoying   ,   but   it   also   silences   everything   else .   i   had   a   200   goldstar   with   better   features   such   as   a   timed   nightlight .   i   hope   frigidaire   people   read   this .
whirlpool   wouldn   t   work .   have   to   return   it .   the   word   door   keeps   showing   up   as   if   there   is   a   problem   with   the   door .   br   there   is   no   problem .
didn   t   work   received   it   and   installed   it .   the   fan   went   on   and   the   fan   blew   but   it   did   not   heat .   it   took   me   two   months   to   finally   get   a   repair   person   to   come   out   but   he   guessed   and   ordered   the   wrong   part   magnitron   .   it   turned   out   to   be   something   else ,   i   can   t   remember   what ,   so   they   have   to   order   that .   i   am   still   waiting .   fortunately   my   old   microwave   amana   still   works   out   in   the   garage   or   i   would   be   really   frustrated .   the   repair   person   told   me   that   ge   has   the   most   problems   even   though   all   the   brands   use   the   same   components ,   from   korea .   must   be   something   about   the   ge   specs   together   that   blows   things   up .   i   ll   be   staying   clear   of   ge   products   from   now   on .
